Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only bad movie I've seen this year is this.  I have watched many bad movies, but I never thought I'd say something so true.   This is the worst movie I have ever seen.  It is about an idiot who gets caught by the FBI.  He's a complete idiot, I don't know what he is trying to do, but it is stupid.  The FBI has to have a "kidnapping" specialist to find out what the heck this idiot is up to.  They find a girl in a bathtub, and they make her eat dirt.  Then they put a mask over her face, put her in a cage, and make her stand on her head.  This isn't a good movie, it is bad, and it is funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not one to be a "whore of the year", but I can't get enough of this movie.  There's so much sex that it's impossible to take your eyes off of the camera.  I mean, look at these two:    And these two are having sex.   Well, not exactly having sex, but more like enjoying each others' company.  And what a good company it is.  It seems like they are in love with each other, but the movie doesn't go there.  They are both having a good time, but there is nothing to be said about it.  You see, the movie does not really give us an inside view of what a woman's experience with sex is like.  Rather, the viewer is led to believe that this woman has an "experience" with sex and that she "doesn't have a lot of it".  And the film certainly doesn't help to prove this to be the case.  In fact, it makes it look like she is not having any fun at all.  While she is having sex with her husband, there are a few times where the camera does not move or she looks down, but it is still boring to watch.  Sure, it is "fun" to watch her have sex with a man who is not her husband but, I am pretty sure that he would be more than happy to see her.  The movie does try to give us some more insight into her life, but I think that she is just a woman who doesn't have much going for her.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst films I have ever seen.   The acting is awful, the acting is so bad it's funny.  I was laughing out loud at most of the jokes.  A real disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second time I've watched this film and this time I couldn't stop laughing. I know this is the worst movie I have ever seen but I still have to watch it. It is a sad film but I can't stop watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know I'm not supposed to like this movie, but this is a terrible movie, and the only reason I gave it 3 stars is because it has a couple of good jokes in it. If you have any interest in comedy, or even just a little bit of entertainment then I suggest you avoid this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first half of this movie is a comedy of errors. You can tell that it was written by an imbecile who doesn't know how to write a script. This movie has a cast of characters that seem to be written by the same person. It is an obvious attempt to be funny but instead of making fun of the same old lame jokes the actors play with them they actually do them well. The movie is so bad it is actually funny!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the first film I ever saw in English, and it's terrible.  It was shot in Germany in a very low budget, but it's not bad.    I think this is the second or third movie I've seen that really made me hate Germany, or at least something German.  "There are no more Germans"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like this movie. I think it's a pretty good film, and it does a good job at telling the story. The film has a little bit of the "Lord of the Rings" to it, but it isn't a "Lord Of The Rings" movie, because it's more of a "Sweeney Todd" movie.  The movie is pretty much set in an old train station in New York City. The only people there are the people who work in the train station, and the guy who works there.    The people in the old train depot have an interesting history. The people who used to work there were the ones who started the train depot. The old depot was located in a train tunnel, and there was a man who wanted to take over the job of running the depot. He had a guy (his assistant) who was a train engineer.  They got into a fight over who was the better engineer, and then the guy got hit with a car, and died. The guy who worked in the depot was very sad, and blamed the guy, who was his assistant, for the accident.  The movie has an ending that is very dramatic.  I didn't like this ending much, because I felt that the movie didn't want to end, and ended at an odd place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film, with a very bad plot, which is a little like a bad episode of "Bewitched" but with more swearing. It has a good story to it, but it just doesn't work.  The characters are so bad that it is almost funny.   If you are interested in the story, then it will be a hard one to get through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is bad!   The script is a joke.   It starts out with an old guy telling his grandson a story. He tells a story about a beautiful woman who gets in a wreck and survives, and then a bad guy who shoots up a lot of buildings and shoots the old guy and the granddaughter. Then the bad guy escapes. The bad guy has an axe and shoots people.  Then he goes to another town and kills some people. The old guy comes home and finds the old lady dead and the daughter with the ax wound.  The grandson wants to see his grandpa and is angry that his grandma died and the grandpa did not tell him about it.  There is also a scene of a man running through the streets of the town shooting people. Finally the bad guys escape and kill the grandfather and the grandson.  A great movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I loved this movie! I just wish it was a little less bad, the bad part is that the characters don't feel real. They are all so over the top and I can't really tell who is who. They're all just the same, you just don't know them. There's a girl who is trying to be the next big thing but she has a thing for the guys who run the factory, and I think the guy who makes the toys is really the guy that made the girls. I guess it's like the girls are trying to outdo the guys, so they don't have to work, and they do all the work.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have any idea what you are getting in here, you are in for a bad time. I have no idea why this is rated as a "Thriller" on the poster, when the actual movie is a total mess. There is no suspense, no horror, no anything! I don't know who made this movie, but whoever it was is a disgrace to humanity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I loved this movie.   It has the classic camp charm of a silent film.  It is about a young girl who gets a hold of a magic knife and kills her brother.  The movie has lots of little scenes of horror and blood.  This is a fun little horror movie that will have you laughing and crying.  I give it a 5 star rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was really excited about this movie. I was expecting some sort of action/adventure movie with a cool setting, but I was sadly disappointed. I don't know how else to describe it. The story line is a simple one. The main character (Seth) is a good guy with a bad attitude. He goes to a bar with a bunch of people (including the female lead, a hot redhead) and gets drunk. After a while he gets bored and gets in a fight with the bartender. The fight is really silly, because the guy has an awesome gun and Seth has a bad rep for not being able to hit people. The movie ends with Seth dead and the girl being raped by her drunk husband. I had to sit through two more minutes of this movie before I could get to the ending. It's just a bad idea that doesn't have much of a plot to speak of. I just wish I could have seen the other two movies, because this one is just a waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an absolutely horrendous movie. I didn't care for this movie at all. It's not that the acting is bad, the acting was very good, but the movie itself is just stupid.   What happened was, I got a chance to rent a copy of the film at a movie theater in a small town.  I took a seat in the theater and I looked over at the movie and saw this guy walking up to a girl and then he starts kissing her. And then the girl walks away from him and then the guy walks up to her again and then again he starts doing the same thing.  And then she leaves and then this guy walks around behind her and he starts touching her and then she comes back and he puts his hand up her dress and she gets down on her knees and he kisses her and starts touching herself and then they start making out and she gives him a blowjob.  Now I know that they didn't show any of this, but that's not really a bad thing. This is just not funny. It doesn't make you laugh, it makes you go "What the hell are you doing?"   So anyway, I ended up watching this movie because I had never seen it before and I was wondering what the heck this guy was doing doing with a girl, a girl who was supposed to be at least 17 years old and that was only supposed to have been in high school. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most boring film ever.   A young woman (Kathleen Turner) moves to New York and becomes friends with a young man (Dwight Yoakam) from New York. The film follows a group of people who have a group event. The one thing that is clear is that every single one of these people is an idiot. This is a film that should never have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is the most horrible movie I have ever seen. The actors are very unprofessional and uninspired.   I would only give it a 2 star rating if I didn't have to watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not sure if I should have given it any stars or not, I think that it would be better with two stars.   This is a film that has nothing going for it, it has no heart, no drama, no humour, it is just a bad film.  I really hope that this is not a career highlight of yours and you will have no regrets about your life and your work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this a while back and really liked it. It's not very good though. I don't care if the actor who played the lead was in The Matrix. He's not as good as the other actors in the movie. The film is all about the story and the story is boring.  I have seen a few bad movies and this is not one of them.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is boring. The acting is not that good. The movie is about a guy that gets a strange feeling that someone is watching him. He investigates and discovers a room full of strange things. The first time he saw it he had the urge to get up and investigate but it is so dark in there that he didn't think of it. Then when he sees the last thing he finds he gets a feeling that he is being watched again. Then he is back in the room with all these strange things and then there is this horrible scream that comes out of nowhere and it freaks the shit out of him. This film is not for people who like a good story and some suspense. The film is all about the "creepy" feeling and not the story.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure if it's a bad film or a bad script, but I would definitely recommend that you not watch this film.    I thought this was supposed to be an action movie, but it's just a series of scenes of people sitting around.  The script isn't bad, but not bad enough to make up for the lack of action.  I would not recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have been waiting for this movie for years, ever since I first saw it on MTV.   The only good thing about this movie is that it does have some interesting ideas.  The main problem is that the movie is just too long and is hard to watch.  It's just like the last days of the old Star Wars, and just about everyone involved in the movie seems to have forgotten how to act.  I'm hoping that the film will get released on DVD and maybe I'll finally get to see a good Star Wars movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've seen this before and thought that it was a pretty good movie. I loved the first few scenes. The film was fun and fast paced and the actors were all good. The ending was a bit silly but it was still good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am so glad I gave this movie a chance.   The characters are all very likable and fun to watch.  The plot is rather lame, but it's just the kind of lame you want to watch in a movie like this.  It's a "feel good" movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I found this film to be absolutely appalling.   The acting was horrible and the music was downright awful.  I'm not a fan of horror films but I could not get into this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's bad.   This is a bad "movie" that will take you on a rollercoaster ride of badness.  A lot of time is spent watching a guy try to be a great artist, but ends up as a terrible one.  The only positive thing about this movie is that it has a great soundtrack, but it's still a bad one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last five minutes are the worst.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sure there are many who enjoyed this movie. It is quite entertaining with some excellent special effects, but I can't help but feel that the whole film is very weak in terms of plot, story, and acting.  There's some interesting special effects (especially the way they used smoke to create a 'ticking time bomb' in the basement), but they don't come together very well.  I'm very disappointed in this one, and I wish I had been able to see it at the theater with a large group of friends, but it was too expensive to see this movie on the big screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very boring movie, it's not even funny.  I guess the guy who plays the bad guy was the real bad guy of the movie.  In conclusion,  there are a lot of bad movies out there.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so boring that I can't think of anything to say about it other than "that's about it". If you've ever heard of the film "The Rocky Horror Picture Show", you'll know what I mean. There are some decent songs in the movie, but the whole thing is just dull and uninteresting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is bad. It is the worst of the Saw films and has very little redeeming qualities. It was written by Michael Mann and features an uncredited James Earl Jones. I do not like the guy. The movie is about a killer with a mask on. He kills people who wear a mask. It sounds like it would be a good movie if the killer didn't wear a damn mask. There are two scenes that really give the movie its "bad" reputation. The first is when a young woman, played by Jennifer Beals, goes out to meet a man named Bob who has a girlfriend. She is going to have a good time and does not intend to hurt him. As she enters his house, she hears screams coming from the room where Bob is being held captive. She goes to help him and finds that there is no escape. The masked killer kills Bob. The killer does not look like a man at all. He looks like a weird looking man with big feet. He walks around the room and stares at Beals. Then he gets on his knees and says something like "You can kill me but you can't kill me." The killer then puts a mask over his face and runs out of the house. I would not have believed this movie if I had not seen the trailer. There is a lot of violence in this movie. It's not really a bad thing in and of itself. It gets pretty violent, but the bad guys are not really bad people. There's not even a killer who is "bad." They are not bad people because they are killers. They are bad because they hate and kill. There isn't even a twist. There was not even any "twist" to the movie. There wasn't even any suspense to the whole thing. This is a one trick pony. This movie is very cheap. I will never watch a movie like this again.   Here's another bad movie review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen a bad one so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those "weird" films where you expect something out of it, and what you get is just another bland film, the "wee" ending is just too good to pass up.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't think I'm going to get out of bed much on this one.   There's some good writing here, but there are too many cliches and clichés to keep it interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think it's going to be the same old story.   The story is pretty much a mess.  The movie has a lot of visual gags and is basically about a guy who is a robot.  It's basically a guy that gets hit by a car and has to figure out how to fix it.  At one point he decides to take a road trip to see what his robot self thinks of the road.  In other words, it's about a bunch of people and their robot, and that's about it. There's nothing exciting about it at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I haven't watched this movie in a while, but I remember it pretty well, so I'll tell you my two cents about it.  The movie starts with an "adventure" in the back of a pickup truck, where the two men go on a wild goose chase through the desert.  They find a large, flat rock with a strange writing on it and a cave with a weird, alien looking creature in it. The two men try to kill it and fail, but it grows in strength and size and begins to chase the two of them.  I won't say much about the alien thing because the only thing it does is it's not very nice to the humans.  The two humans, John (who is an idiot) and Paul, are forced to go to the bottom of the well and hide from it in a cave, and it comes out of the cave to kill them. The "alien" creature is quite bad.  It has a big, flat head and a mouth full of nasty teeth.  If it was animated, it would have been bad enough.  Paul, the idiot, manages to shoot at it, and the alien is blown up by a shotgun blast.  John and Paul have to hide in a small, small cave, so Paul has a lot of trouble finding the exit, which he does with a piece of wood.  There is one problem:  There are only two exits.  After a while John has a bad feeling about what's going on, and he heads back out to check on Paul.  Then Paul has the same bad feeling.  He goes back out and heads back to the well.  When John and the "alien monster" finally come out of hiding, the monster is a huge, angry and scary, very old man.  So angry, in fact, that it has to be restrained with a large stick.  At the end of the movie, when Paul is leaving, the old man comes after him, grabs him and throws him into a big rock.  This is where it gets very bad, as the two humans and the old monster fight, and then Paul gets tossed in the well, and dies.   It is just too bad that the movie never makes any sense.  First of all, the film takes place in a desert.   But why in the desert?   Why not in a town, a city, or in some other large place?  The
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that you watch for its humor, and its visual gags, and it is actually funny. It's a fun movie that takes itself very seriously at times. However, this is the most boring movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poorly made movie.  The actors have little to no chemistry and they are all terrible.    One of the main reasons this movie is so bad is the fact that this is a movie about a "friend" who is a "good guy" but he does some really bad things. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film.  It is poorly written, poorly directed, and poorly acted.   It takes place in the year 1799 and is set in a New England town where a young girl named Molly McPhee, an orphaned girl with a mysterious past, and her friend Annie McPee are forced to leave town and go to live with a family of Irish immigrants.  The story is about a girl named Mollie, who moves into a small town that seems to have a dark past.  As she and her new family are struggling to find a place in this town, they encounter a strange stranger who has an unknown agenda.  It was a good movie at first, but the writing really slowed down with time.  There were times when it was just boring.  I would like to give it a 3.5/5, but it is just so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You know the scene in Star Wars where Princess Leia's droid C-3PO gives her a detailed analysis of the rebel base on Hoth:   He points out the existence of a water-farm and an arctic cave; a lake, which could be used as a swimming pool for the Rebels.   There's a cave, which, according to the description, "is an entrance to the underworld.  He goes in. "  The film is about the rebels attempting to capture this "underworld" cave.  I love this scene because it is not a story.  The rebels do not get to the cave.   The film does not take any interest in the "under-world."   This is a story about a cave that is located in the middle of nowhere.  If the cave is to be explored, then the film would have to spend more time there.  This cave is not explored at all.  It is just described.  And the film doesn't even bother with the cave's significance.  For a movie about a "underground world," Star Wars is remarkably dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a man who has an affair with a woman and a child.  He is also having an affair in real life with a girl.   In real life, they have a child together and it is a boy.  I will just give you a description about the plot:    A man has an adulterous affair with his girlfriend's mother.  It's all a big lie.    The whole movie is a lie. The only reason the guy has an extra-marital affair with the woman's mother is because he wants to have sex with the mother. It is the mother who is a bit jealous and has a hard time not sleeping with the man. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is awful. I know, I know - it's just a movie about an angry woman who runs out into the desert to kill someone.   It's a pretty simple story: a girl has run away from home to escape a abusive boyfriend. She ends up in a small town where a couple are trying to save their marriage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that this is a truly awful movie.  A guy is walking through the woods and comes upon a dead body.    The guy decides to keep it, which turns out to be the body of a woman.     The guy is horrified and then gets a little too excited and goes to a town called "The Village" where he becomes a teacher at a school called "Town" where the "Town Kids" live.  After a few days the "School Kids" start getting restless so the "village" becomes very dangerous and then the "Village Kids" leave town and start wandering the country.  The movie gets worse and worse with each passing minute.  If you want to see a bad horror movie then this is your movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What's really wrong with this movie: A man walks into a bar and is promptly murdered by the bartender who then leaves, never to be seen again. This would be a decent story if the character wasn't so uninteresting. The character of Jim is one of the worst I have ever seen. He is not only dull, but stupid, he never seems to do anything that requires thinking and is constantly yelling. When he is forced to kill a couple of people by a mob, he doesn't seem to know how to do it and instead of just killing them, he gets a little bit too excited and starts kicking the shit out of them. The mob of men is the most retarded and uneducated I have seen in a long time.   The acting:   This movie is like watching someone take a piss with a hose and then trying to do the same with a fire hose. I'm not sure how anyone could act in this movie, and even then, I would struggle. The two guys who play Jim and the mobsters are both really dumb, and I think they have probably never heard the word "fuck" in their lives. It's hard to believe they are so bad in this film. I was really surprised to see a woman in a movie like this. The only other actress I can think of is Sharon Stone who played the lead in a few bad movies.  , 3/5
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a fun little movie that, if you don't think so too, is funny and clever. The actors are funny and likable. The plot is a little silly, but the humor is funny. If you have an eye for comedy and want a fun flick that isn't too long, this is it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The director seems to think that a young girl can do no wrong and that he can make her laugh like a monkey.  He seems to be in a bad mood, he does not know how to act and he just does not have the right ideas.        I really hate this movie!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I have ever seen.   It's a "what if" movie of a man who's a professional killer and is on a mission. He finds a girl in a store and gets into a fight. Then he runs off, and he gets chased by a killer.  I could have done without the "what a surprise" ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete rip-off of the famous TV show "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" and it is a pretty good rip-of.  I'm not sure if the director even watched the show or he simply copied the format.    If you like Hitchcock and horror films then this is a must see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't like this movie, not at all. It had all the makings of a good movie and yet it is so completely pointless. It's an action movie, a comedy, a romance, a love story and a horror movie. It doesn't have any of the above. The action is just about as lame as the action movies in the 80s. The story is just so bad it's not funny at all, the romance and the horror are laughable, the jokes are terrible and the movie is completely devoid of any substance.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am disappointed with this film as it is based on a true story and does not have much to offer. I am also disappointed with the ending as it did not really make sense to me. The actors did a good job in the film, but I do not think that the story would have worked as well as it had if the actors had been able to portray the characters the way the book describes them. The ending did not make much sense to my mind either. I would give this a C- but I really do not recommend this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a good time and some good acting in a bad story, then look no further.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have a serious problem with this movie.   A bunch of strangers are stranded in a remote area by a freak flood.  They're surrounded by a herd of buffalo.  At first, they're scared of the buffalo. But they learn to use their powers and they're able to save themselves.  Then one of them, Mr. Wren, who is an amateur hypnotist, begins to hypnotize them into becoming buffalo.   Then the buffalo start attacking.  It's not funny at all.  The scenes where the buffalo are running around trying to kill them are very poorly animated and very difficult to watch.  Also, I have seen a lot worse, but this is one of the worst I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first film I have seen in a long time that I didn't like.  It is a boring, dull, and unoriginal movie.    The actors are awful and the script is terrible.  What's worse is that this is the director's first film, so I don't think he has a good track record with these type of films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has been out on VOD for almost a year now and people are still talking about it. It's a terrible movie. The movie was so bad it almost made me laugh. I mean I'm a HUGE fan of bad movies but this one is not funny at all. It doesn't have any plot and just goes from one thing to the other. The actors were all really bad and I don't think the director knew what he was doing. The script was a train wreck of bad acting. I would recommend this movie to the worst of people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't like this movie at all. The acting was horrible. The writing was terrible. The cinematography was horrible and not very pretty.  I would not recommend this movie to anybody.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie ever.  I'm going to go out on a limb and say it was written by someone who knows nothing about filmmaking.    Even worse, he seems to have no idea how to write a story.  He doesn't even understand why he has to use a fake name and pretend to be a real man to have sex with a real woman.      This guy doesn't have a clue.  In the first act he introduces a character as a very rich and very beautiful man who loves to have his picture taken.  Then we get this:  "I have a great reputation for being the perfect gentleman and a great lover.  I love to be in the sun and have fun with women and it is very easy for me to do that in these countries.  It is very different from what is going on here.  What's happening here is a lot more serious."     And then, in the last 20 seconds of the movie, this:   "Well, I must be off now.  Well, it's very good to be back."  What a pathetic loser. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just a bad mess.  It is basically a remake of the old movie, with the same actor, the same director, the new characters, and the same plot.  The only difference is that this movie has been done better by other films.   The film follows the story of a woman who, along with her husband, has been cursed by a demon.  After a successful exorcism, they move into a new house, where they meet a boy named Jake, who turns out to be a powerful sorcerer.  When they discover that a man has killed a girl, they decide to rid the world of this threat.  I am disappointed that the film does not follow the original story in any way, shape, or form.  There are two scenes in the film that were filmed in black and white, and that are quite terrible.  Unfortunately, the film's other scenes, which are better than the rest, are filmed in color, which makes them even more terrible. It is not funny, or scary, or even scary at all.  This is just an awful film that is not worth seeing.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was just boring, it wasn't even funny.   It wasn't bad, just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins in an unknown, unknown location. There are several shots of a very well-to-do family. There is a woman who is in her 40's and she looks lovely. There's a man in his 40's who is looking quite healthy, although he looks a bit like he could be in his 60's or 70's. There seems to be a lot of food in the house. There also seems to have been a fire in the past. The woman is quite happy and is eating a piece of cake, although it is too big for her. The man seems a bit upset. There was a dog in the first scene, and the woman has a dog as well.  There is also a lot about the family and the dog. There have been some problems with the dog, but there has also been some good times. The dog has some problems. It eats too much and there is always a bit of a struggle with it.   The dog and the people seem to be quite happy. It is also apparent that the dog is not getting along with other animals in the yard.  There is also the mention of a horse which seems to like a dog. It also appears to be rather large and strong. The other animals seem to dislike it, although the woman seems to accept it as being a good dog.  The next scene shows a dog eating a chicken, which is also quite good. It seems to enjoy the chicken, but is rather unhappy about having to have it. It even tries to get the chicken away from the dog (a good thing to do, in my opinion).  The man tries to take the chicken out of the dog's mouth, but fails.  Then a cat appears, which appears to like the dog and is also looking after the chicken.  It is not clear who is the dog or who is behind the cat.  This is not a bad scene, but it is a bit too short. It would have been better if it had gone on longer.     A large crowd of people, including children, seem to gather around the cat as well as the dog in this scene. The crowd seems to get a bit uneasy and are very interested in the cat and the chicken as well, which does not appear to be very pleasant. The scene also includes the family of three who seem to have just finished the Christmas dinner.  These people seem happy, although there are a few children around.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is bad, the acting is bad and the story is bad.   I watched the movie because I needed to watch something different. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I know, this is the second movie that I've seen from this director and it seems to be the same story of an actor's life and it is, unfortunately, just a boring story about the life of an idiot and the stupid life of a comedian.   You've got a long time to wait for a new movie!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The final scene of the film is so awful it hurts.  What the hell is going on?  Where is the logic?    If they are trying to show the audience the "real" world, why is the camera zooming in so close?  There are no real people in this world except for the few people we meet.   And this movie is about a couple of kids who go into a cave and get stuck there.  So what do they do?  They decide to eat the people who are already there.     What an incredibly lame and stupid movie!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have nothing to say about this film. I'm not sure why it has not been better known in the past. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's about a woman who's having a mental breakdown and is convinced that her boyfriend is a ghost.   She has to make sure that she keeps on living because her boyfriend has a heart attack and dies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of those movies that are hard to find on VHS, but worth the trouble. It's a very good movie. I don't know how to review it. I like the characters, and they are all very realistic. I can't find anything wrong with it. The film has no music or sound effects and it is all just dialogue. The characters are all real. There's nothing wrong with the film, and I wish it had been more widely distributed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you want to see a movie about a group of people trying to survive in a hostile environment in the middle of nowhere, then this movie is for you. If you have a problem with movies about people trying survive in the wilderness and in the wild, then you might want to skip this one. I give it 2 stars because it does what it's supposed to do and that is show the dangers of the wild and how it changes people for the worse.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film starts with a woman and a man who are walking down a deserted road, and a voice on a radio comes on saying there is a monster in the woods. The woman looks out a window and sees a monster standing in the trees. She is afraid of the monster and she runs off into the woods to hide from it. She goes to the nearest house and sits on the steps. There is a little girl standing there. She looks very young and her mother asks her what is she doing there, but the girl doesn't say. The girl is dressed up and the mother says she is a princess and she has to go out to meet a prince, and she can't do it. The monster starts to come and it starts to walk towards her and the girl is afraid and runs away from it into the forest.   She walks through the woods and goes into a hut. It looks like it has been there a long time. There are people sitting there eating a meal and there are also animals around. There aren't very many people around either. The lady who is sitting there says it is only one night and they will have to go back soon. They will be able to return to the castle. The next morning the people come and tell the people that the monster is gone and they are going to leave. The people leave and go to the other house and say goodbye. The little girl who has been sitting on the step is frightened and she goes off to the woods with her mother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a mediocre film with poor acting. The movie is set in an amusement park and features the life of an animal (or animal-human hybrids) and a human who falls in love with one another. The animal's owner, Dr. R.J. Jones, is a man who's main interest is in keeping the animals at his amusement park. He's a cruel and evil man, but it doesn't stop him from having a very large collection of dogs. His only concern in life is to make sure the animals stay alive and in his care. His son, Henry Jones, isn't much better. He loves animals but only in a very selfish way. Henry wants everything to be his way and is willing to do anything to get it. Henry has an unfortunate and unfortunate childhood. He can't even take care of himself, and his mother seems to think he's the most useless of all his father's children. Henry also has a dog named Pup. Pup is the only animal who Henry seems to care about. Henry's father, Dr Jones, also seems to like animals. He is a sadistic, cruel man who does everything he can to get Pup to do what he wants. Henry doesn't care about his father at all. Henry knows what he has to do to get what he really wants. It isn't easy, and it certainly isn't quick.   I like the idea of an amusement attraction where animals and people can come together. Unfortunately, this is a film that is not very funny. I didn't think it was funny, but I'm glad I watched it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie had everything that you could ever want in a comedy: a few great laughs, some of the best acting I have seen in a long time, and the best special effects that I have ever seen.   But the problem with this movie is that there are no laughs.  The movie is just a bunch of scenes that are all kind of stupid.  Some of the scenes are quite funny:  A couple of characters are trying to get back together.  This is done by having them dress up like a couple of old married women and go to a wedding.  What the hell?   Another scene is when a guy is trying to go back to his old job and is so depressed because he is not getting any promotion that he decides to kill himself.  A third scene has a couple who are getting married and are so excited that they get a picture of their wedding on the wall in their home.  But, when they look at the picture, they realize that they are looking at the same picture as they did when they were married.  In the fourth scene, two guys are having a little chat on the street.  One of them is trying not to say anything about the other because he doesn't want to give up on his life.  I am sure that this scene was supposed to be funny, but it is just kind of pathetic.  Finally, we have a little movie that is supposed to have the "biggest laughs" that I ever saw in a movie.  Two guys are in a restaurant and are having their meal and are talking about their wives.  When the waiter comes up to them, the first guy says, "Oh, I don't think she's ever even met a guy like me.  Then he says,  "Well, I guess she just doesn't like to eat with guys."  So, the waiter says, "Well, what does she like to have?"  The second guy says "Anything and everything."  Then the waiter asks, "What do you have?"    Then they both say "Anything, anything."  The waiter says "Well that's fine, but you are not getting the food."   Then one of the guys says,   "Well I guess it's good that we are getting to know each other."  And then the waiter goes to give them the food and says, ""Oh, no, it's not for you, it was for me."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had a terrible time with this movie. It was terrible. It's not a bad story, but the way it's told makes it a bad film.   This movie was made for a children's show, which is a bit of a shame because it's awful.  The acting is terrible and the writing is awful. The plot is awful, and I don't mean the plot is "insane". It's actually stupid.  This is one of those movies that is not meant to be enjoyed by adults.  It's intended for children. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a good time watching this. The actors all had good chemistry together, especially for a comedy.  It's a funny movie, and it has a few good jokes.  This movie is really bad. It's just boring and I can't stand it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was not expecting much of this movie and was quite disappointed with it. It was a lot like a bad sitcom: bad jokes and bad acting. I liked the "the guy" in the movie more than the people in the film. The actors were bad and had no chemistry with one another. I did not think the movie was funny at all. I would recommend this movie only for people who do not like funny comedies and want to see a bad comedy. I do not know why this was rated R. I don't even like R rated comedies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What can you expect from a movie with a title like this?   The title says it all.   This is a terrible movie.    It is the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot is the usual.   It's a typical crime movie with some twists.  The main character is a cop, and like all cops, he's kind of a wimp.  He's pretty much a loner.  At first I thought he was gay but then I realized it was his own personal hang-up.  But I don't mind that.  I was surprised at the ending.  When he was a young man, he lost his father to a car accident.  Now he lives with his mother, who is the kind of mother that only wants what's best for her son.  This is a good story that doesn't take itself too seriously.  You'll have to go to the library to find out what the story was about, but I'm pretty sure you'll find it interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is about a couple of guys that decide to build a dam in their backyard.   I am not going to say too much about this movie.  I really do not think it has a lot of merit.  It was very well made.  And the music was pretty good.  But I guess I am just not interested in this movie at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just found out this film was not a documentary at all. It's a bad, cheap horror movie made for cheap laughs. I didn't like it and I still don't like the script. It has the same elements: a weird old guy gets a little girl pregnant. It gets a lot worse. There are some really creepy and gross scenes that make the story even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has a few decent moments but overall a dull story that doesn't move the plot along at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't really like this movie. I liked the music and the concept of it. I just think the film just doesn't work for me.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film, but it was in the early 70's, and I don't recall much of what happened.  It wasn't bad, but certainly not good, and it was very boring, with little plot.  The main character was a cop, and the only other character I saw was a man with a bad temper. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be a comedy, but it ended up being one of the most boring movies I've seen in a while. It's not bad in the slightest, but the story is boring. There are two main characters in this movie: Tom (Tom Cruise) and Chris (Bill Murray). Tom is a guy who's been through a lot and knows what it's like to be sad, depressed, and desperate. Chris, on the other hand, is a big guy with a big personality and a good heart. They are in the middle of a job interview and they both get nervous when the interview ends. Chris is so nervous that he falls on the floor and hits his head, but Tom does not. Tom tells him to get up and then he goes to work. Tom doesn't even know where he's going, he just goes. He goes to the dumpster to get the trash and he doesn't find anything. Tom goes back and tells Chris that he is late and Chris asks what the problem is. Tom explains that he's supposed to go to a local bar for a drink, but he's so nervous he doesn-t know where to go. Chris asks if he's ok and Tom says he's fine. He just doesn't know where. Chris looks at him and says, "Do you have any idea how important this is?" Tom starts crying and Chris tells him it's important. Chris then tells him that they are not going to the bar, they are going to a bar and there are no girls there. Tom starts laughing and says that they're going to an actual bar and no girls. Chris says that he knows where he is going. He looks around and then says, "...No, this is just a bad dream." They then end up at the bar and it's just another boring bar. Chris goes to get a drink and Tom asks if there is anything there he likes. Chris tells Tom that he doesn`t drink but Tom says that that's ok. Chris doesn't want to drink and he tells Tom to get him a drink. Tom tries to get Chris a drink but he says that it's ok to not drink. He says he'll go get a soda, then he says, ""No, it's OK, I'll just go get the soda." Chris says he is not going anywhere with that guy and he starts walking off. Tom says, "'It's ok, I can still have my drink. I have a date
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off with a shot of the sun setting over a beautiful landscape.  Then it cuts to a scene of a group of people walking along the beach.   They are walking towards a small island where there is a house.    A small boy is playing in the sand and a boy in a yellow t-shirt walks towards the island.  This small boy then starts to play the guitar and the song begins.  The song is called " I Don't Want to Go Back"    It begins with the small boy singing, and then he starts to make the guitar into a snake.  Then the song continues with the little boy singing and making the guitar to make a snake into a guitar.  Now we are back to the beach scene with the boy playing the guitar.   The camera then zooms out to show the boy on the beach making a snake with his guitar. Then the boy walks back to his house, and a man comes to the door.  It's the man from the film "The Island of Dr. Moreau"  And he tells the boy, "We've come to get you.  We want to show you something."  The little boy gets scared at first and starts to run away, but he keeps the guitar under his bed.  He then opens the door and tells the man to come in.  "Come in," says the man.  But instead of coming in, the man puts a knife in the little boys chest and begins to beat him.  After a few times, the little girl comes out of the house and sees her father beating the little kid.  So the little guy runs into the ocean and swims away from his beating father.  A couple of days later, a boat arrives on the island with a new doctor and his assistant.  They are trying to get a picture of the island for the new doctor to show to his friends.  One of the new doctors friends is a woman who works at the island resort.  She tells the doctor to come back to her place for some more help.  And so, the doctor comes back and he gets a job working on the resort grounds.  While the doctor is working, a man on the boat starts yelling about how bad the place is and how they are all going to die if they don't leave.  Eventually, the new resort manager comes over to the doctor's place and says, "The island is
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'll be honest. I'm a big fan of this film. It was good. The special effects were decent. The plot was pretty simple. The whole movie was set up so the plot would develop. The ending was kinda disappointing though. It just kind of dropped the ball. The movie is interesting to watch though. The acting was alright. I wouldn't say it was great. It wasn't bad. It had some good acting.   The film has a few flaws, but they aren't that bad. I like how it ends. It is kind of interesting. There is something in the film that reminds me of some of the good 80's movies I saw. I would say it is pretty good. I haven't seen it in a long time, but I'll be checking it out again. I think this is a good movie. It's not a bad film. The bad is it didn't work out. I really wish it worked out better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The ending is really bad.    This movie was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is about a group of people living in a rural area who decide to get a tattoo in order to find their missing son. They go to a tattoo parlor and the woman who runs it, the "Queen of Tattoos" (Mia Farrow) is a terrible witch who will not tattoo anyone who is not a virgin. The kids have a hard time finding a virgin to get the tattoo and one of the kids is a girl. There is no sex in this film, so why do we need a witch?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't remember what I was doing last night when I saw this. I was sitting in my hotel room in New Orleans and decided to go see a movie. I walked to the theater, sat down, looked at the screen, and the film was called The Last Detail. It was an odd movie, not bad at all. I guess I'm looking for something better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I liked this movie a lot, I don't like this movie at all. The plot is retarded, the acting is lame, and the dialogue is just annoying. I don' think it was even filmed well, it has a strange and awkward looking lighting and even the actors don't look like they're doing their jobs.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is horrible and terrible at the same time. The movie starts off like an action movie and then it is over. I can't think of anything worse than to watch a movie where the only thing going on is sex, and I really don't care for that. It's bad enough that the movie starts out with the most over the top sexual overtones, and it never really lets up from there. It is over the edge in all of the wrong places and you would think that they would at least try to be clever about it, but nope, the only thought they give to the story is that they want to see a man and a woman having sex, because it makes for a better movie, but it is just not good. It also has the usual bad acting from every person in it, which makes it even worse, and you don't have to like the director or the actors to see how they could have at least tried to make this a decent movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so boring that it made me sick. I could watch this movie forever. I mean, I love these movies, but I just don't understand how they came up with this concept. The whole movie is just the three main characters talking about how they don't like each other. There's nothing else that's really happening in this movie other than these three talking about themselves. The actors in this were awful. I remember the first time I saw them and I thought, "Wow, these actors have a way of acting that is unique. These actors were good enough to win an Oscar." But now? I don't even remember who I think I was watching.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad idea that fails on so many levels.   A couple of friends are planning on having a family and have agreed to adopt a couple of orphaned kids.  A man named Mike (the voice of David Lee Roth) has a heart problem and is in need of a transplant.  The family decides to travel to a place called the "White Mountains" where the kid's father (played by a man named John Cusack) can get the transplant that he desperately needs.  But first they have to get through a long journey through the mountains.  It is a very long and tedious movie, filled with bad acting, bad dialogue, bad music and bad direction.  I did not like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a very strange movie. I know there are some odd things about it, like the fact that this is about a guy who has a strange obsession with his dead wife. I'm not going to go into that, as it's not really that strange. However, there is one part of this movie that is pretty weird, and it involves an elephant.  I'll give you the gist of the story:    One day, a young man named Kishiraj (Ashish Bhatia) goes on a trip to the Himalayas with his friend Panchali (Pranu Chopra).   The trip is not a good one, and when they reach a village, Kishikiraj gets lost and Panchal gets lost as well.   They both end up in a village where they get separated from the rest of the villagers and have to fend for themselves until they can find a way out of the village.  This is not where the story starts to get weird.  The movie starts with a shot of a young boy named Keshav Singh (Akshay Kumar) walking down a hill.  He gets lost.  His father (Rajesh Khanna) is looking for him and comes across an old lady who is a local guide.  She gives him a direction to the village, and they start walking down.  It seems like it's a normal day, until Keshas stops to listen to a music recital.  Soon after, he hears the voice of a woman.  I don't know why, but I can't remember who this woman is.  Eventually, Keshan finds her, and asks her for a ride to the next village. It's a short ride, but it's enough to get Keshs attention.  When he arrives in the next town, the lady tells him that she needs to get back to her village because she is too sick to walk, and that her son is waiting for her there.  Keshak's attention is drawn to a huge statue of a girl standing at the bottom of a hill with a beautiful face.  After a short scene, the camera shows Kesha staring at the girl, who then turns and stares back at Keshash.  What happened here?  I can only assume that the lady told Keshay that the girl's son is at the other end of the hill.   Kesh
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.   The story is horrible.  First, the title:  It should be the "Worst movie of All Time" award.  Second, the film is a remake of a horror film made in the late '60s.  Third, the acting is pathetic.  The only one that makes any sense is the female lead, who is portrayed as an over-sexed slut.  This movie makes the Saw movies look like a romantic comedy.  There is no suspense in this movie at all.  A bad movie with a bad ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "bad guy" is actually a little bit interesting, especially if you're a fan of the 80s and 90s movies that starred him.  He is played by the late John F. Schneider, who played "Bugs Bunny" in the "Toy Story" movies, and who also played "Tin Man" in a bunch of old Saturday morning cartoons.      This is the only "Toy" I have ever seen with a talking rabbit, and it looks just like the one in the old cartoon.      There's a nice cameo from the late Bill Pullman, as a "Camel" (an ancient Egyptian chariot) as the movie opens, but the movie is not a bad one.  I guess the best thing about the movie was the fact that I didn't think about it the whole time, it was just a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie has a bad plot. The plot is the usual "the hero finds a treasure" or "the villain gets a treasure". These plots are common in this type of movies. They are all over the place and have a lot of twists. The problem with these plots is that they don't hold up. I could watch this movie over and over. I mean, who watches a movie like this over and OVER. The only thing I think is that it is a good idea to film this in the 1950's. It doesn't have the same charm and energy that it should. There are too many silly scenes. There is a scene where the guy has a really bad dream. It is the same dream every night. The bad dream is that he is a little girl. The whole movie is just silly. The villain is not bad at all. He is very annoying. The movie is not very good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character, Max, is a high-school kid whose life is taken away by an accident that occurred during his baseball game. He then wakes up in a morgue where a couple of teenagers are trying to figure out what to do with him.  What is there to say about this movie?  I'm sure that people who know nothing about horror movies would be disappointed by this one.    This movie really shouldn't be seen by anyone with a weak stomach. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is nothing but a pathetic failure. I just can't get over the fact that this is a sequel to the first Star Trek movie, but it's not. It's a sequel of a very bad movie. If you like Star Trek, then don't see this. If Star Trek had been made today, it would be called "Star Trek: The Next Generation."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an interesting story about a man who is given a job by the CIA and he goes off to work on a job and the problem is that he's not a very good CIA agent because of his weird behavior. So this guy comes up with a new way of spying on people. But he's only got one weakness and that's being a loser. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What I expected from this movie: A good comedy.  I think the movie is pretty good and a bit of a comedy, but it's a bit cheesy and predictable.  The movie does have a great story and it is definitely worth a watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts out as a boring and predictable drama with an uninteresting protagonist. He is in love with a woman who is the daughter of a wealthy family. She wants him to marry her. He refuses to marry anyone and is so miserable that he decides to be a professional fighter and fight crime. This is pretty much how the movie begins. There is no fight scenes, the characters are not really likable and nothing happens. The movie is just boring and unoriginal. I gave it a 1.0.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible film. The plot is horrible, the acting is terrible, and the film has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. A bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only thing that can be said about this movie is that it's a good idea that never gets anywhere.   It starts with a bunch of men going to a bar for a game.  After a few rounds, the man sitting next to him is shot to death.  He then decides to take matters into his own hands and kills his friends and everyone else in the bar.  It then takes some time for the police to get involved and investigate the situation.  I didn't really like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was so excited to see this movie because I've been waiting a long time for a good vampire movie. I'm glad I waited.   This movie has the same type of characters that have been around for so long and have no reason to be.  It's a bit of a comedy in which a guy is hired to kill a vampire, he ends up being killed and a new vampire takes his place.  This film is one that should be watched by everyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is all about an old man, played by a man who looks like Fred Sanford.  He lives alone in a small house by the beach in a big state of the art home, where he lives in a cave in the center of the house.    His wife, played in the movie by the wonderful Marlee Matlin (who also does the voice of a dog) lives in the next house over.    She's an alcoholic and a bad housekeeper.  She's also very much in love with her boss, played on the TV by John Goodman (who was the guy in the old school movie that played a guy who looked like a guy from the old days of movie magic).      When the movie started, there was a big scene where they go to the beach to go surfing.  The surfers are a bunch of old ladies, all over 70, and they don't look to be doing much in the way of fun.  Then this old man appears and starts talking to the surfers, telling them how much fun they're having.  He has a great voice and he's playing this game where he tells the surf guys about their pasts, how they lost their homes, how all of them are living in caves.  This is all great stuff and I enjoyed the movie a lot.  But then, after that scene, we got another scene where he was talking to these old ladies and he was all like "oh, look!   The old lady sitting next to me is a widow and she was a sailor in World War II, but she's gone to the store to buy some groceries, and she has no idea where she is, she's lost her house!"   Now the old lady looks up at him and says "I'm just a lady!  I live in a house, I don't know what it is.  I have a dog, but he doesn't know where he is!  What do you mean you're talking to me?  I've lived here all my life!  Don't you know anything about my house?  What's a house? I've been in the ocean, and I've seen a lot of things!  Who lives there?   What are you doing in a room with me? "   He gets all worked up and starts beating her up, but then she gets so mad and goes over to the door to try
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few things make me really dislike this movie. First of all, we get to see the movie set in the 80s, yet this is set in a modern setting. This is bad.  This movie really should be about the 80's.  What is the point of the movie: It's supposed to be a coming-of-age story about a young woman who lives in a small town.   I have never been able to watch a movie like this, it's like watching a movie from a video store and not a movie theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really stupid movie with a story about a kid who goes to a party and falls in love with a beautiful girl. The story is pretty good though it feels like they are trying too hard to make this movie seem more interesting by adding in a bunch of new characters, but in the end they just end up being completely useless. The animation is okay but it is really bad for a movie that was produced a couple of years ago.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was awful.  Not only did it lack a coherent plot, it also lacked a good story.    The story is a little confusing to me.  I would say it's an excuse to throw around a lot of violence and sexual content, but it was too much for me to follow, the ending is also a little bit too much.  So I gave the film a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't know how anyone can watch this movie and not laugh. It is one of the funniest movies I have seen in a long time. The voice acting is superb and the movie has enough laughs to make it worth a watch.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The best movie that I have ever seen is  .  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not sure why I watched this movie. It was boring, boring, and boring. I was thinking "What the hell is this crap?" It was about a girl who goes to a haunted house to kill a man. And then she gets stuck in a maze, and she's surrounded by people who want to kill her. So, of course, she gets stabbed. I mean, the guy who was supposed to be her killer got stabbed! The guy that was supposed be her savior is actually the guy that she was supposed kill! So, she was like, "I'm just going to run, and don't get me!" I mean... this is so bad!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was so excited about this movie that I bought the ticket, then watched the movie, then got out my camera and took a picture of a bunch of people who looked like they could have been taken in one of the many horror movies on the "classic" horror film list.   So, why am I not excited about the movie?   First of all, I am not a horror fan.  I like good movies, but they don't really scare me.  There are several things I do not like about the film, and there are plenty of things I like about it.  It is a little bit silly, but it is not a "wacky" comedy, but a film about a man's quest for the truth about a "horrific" event in his life.  And, as I said, I have not seen many horror films, so this is something new to me. The story is a bit predictable, but I was not expecting to have any surprises, so I was a bit surprised by some things.  But, the best part of the movie is the characters, especially those in the group.  They were likeable, the acting was good, the pacing was good.  Overall, it is a fun little film that I will watch again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very long movie about a very bad man. He goes around trying to get a good look at the girls that he sees, and he seems to be the only one who really notices them.    It is very sad to watch a movie like this, which is a movie about how bad men can be. There is one character that stands out and he is very entertaining. It is almost like the movie is an advertisement for his company, that is the way they sell themselves. I thought this was an excellent movie and I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good bad movie, and who also likes the idea of watching bad men get a lot of attention.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that I didn't care for this movie. It was so lame that I couldn't enjoy it any more than the time I had to spend watching it. I didn?t enjoy watching the movie at all. It's like watching the first episode of a bad sitcom. I mean, the movie is called "Candy". If you have any sense at all you'll know that it's nothing but an awful joke. It wasn?t funny, it wasn?T have no plot, no character development, and most of all it was just boring. This movie is nothing but bad jokes and bad acting. I don?t think that anyone would be entertained by it. It?s a big fat joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm not sure how to begin this review. I feel like I have to describe a movie to describe the movie. It's a bad comedy that I don't understand. The first half of the movie was just some poor guy (Bubba Ray Dudley) who got involved with a bad girl (Kim Hunter) who was an aspiring actress and was trying to make it big. But there was a catch. Bubba had to kill her. She was a beautiful, young, pretty woman, but Bubba didn't kill her because he thought she would be good in the film. He thought he was the only person who could pull it off. But that was only the beginning. Then he killed her sister (a friend of his) because he had an affair with her sister's boyfriend (a pretty boy who was jealous of Bubba's affair with Kim Hunter). He had to keep up the charade for a while, but eventually the public would find out about it and Bubba would have to kill again. He also killed the daughter of a guy who helped him get his job. The ending is just silly. Bubbas wife had a baby girl and she gave it up for adoption. Then Bubba gave the baby up for adopted. And then he killed his wife to get his adopted baby back. All in all, a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie itself is not bad, but I don't find much to like in the story.   It was not long before I was looking forward to the next movie (after a long wait).   If you are a fan of the series, you will probably like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was an absolute joke, I would not have thought it would have been able to take a serious theme, like a bad romance or a sad story and have it be funny at the same time.  It is very hard to be funny when the characters are so unsympathetic, and the dialogue is awful.  I have never seen a movie that I felt so disgusted by, it was a complete waste of my time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you haven't heard of the classic  movie, it's probably because it's not one of the most well known movies in the history of the cinema. The film, which was originally released in 1931, follows the adventures of a group of men on the run, in search of a man who has stolen their money. They encounter many other people who they try to help in their attempts to get the man to return the money and be a man again. I haven't seen the film in about 40 years, but I was intrigued by it. I've heard a lot about the movie, but haven't read any of the reviews about it. The only reason I'm watching it again is because the original trailer for the film is online and it gives a good idea of what it's like to watch this movie.   What I liked:  This is one of those films where you're hooked the first time you see it. It's not just the actors, who really do a good job in playing the parts, it is also the music. It is so much fun to listen to and watch. It was written by George Arliss and features a lot of his old friends who played in the movies he made. It has a lot to offer for a first timer. I would recommend this to anyone who is interested in a good movie and would like to try some old friends.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is about a man who was a teacher in the military academy. He and a girl he was taking to the prom (who was his girlfriend) end up being transported to a parallel universe where they meet an alternate version of their selves (who look like they've had a sex change operation).   In the parallel universe, a war is going on and the only way to stop it is to kill everyone on Earth.   He gets an idea to travel to the alternate universe and kill the people there and then come back to Earth to find his girlfriend who was transported to that universe as well.  It takes a while to get into the story but once it does, it's rather good.  This story is a bit slow but once you get going, the story gets good. This story will have you on the edge of your seat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never seen a movie like this. I have seen the movie about the "great white shark" and the man who killed it and that was fun but this is even better. The plot is that a little girl is on vacation in a beach house and her father is taking her swimming and having a nice time. Suddenly her father sees a shark and she has a nightmare about it. She goes to sleep and the next morning when she wakes up she is on the beach with her father. She thinks she has been hit by a bus but she is not. She has a terrible headache and her dad is very worried about her. He says he will take her to a doctor but she wants to go home and get a headache cream. She says she wants the "black shark" back so she goes into the water and sees the shark. She gets in a boat and tries to fish for it but it is not there. She comes back home and goes into her bedroom and wakes up. Her father is there and he tells her that she has got the black shark. The next day the girl goes to a fish shop and says that she saw the shark and there was a black thing in the water with her. She went back to the beach to see if she could find it. There was nothing there and she was so scared. Her dad came along and the shark was gone. The girl goes into school the next day and the teacher tells her what happened. The teacher is a little bit scared of the shark so she asks the girl to come along with her to the doctor. The doctor tells her the black thing is still there. The black thing had to be a fish and it has been eating the girl. The fish is about to eat her when the girl saves it. The shark is not dead and she gets it out of the water. Then they get the girl back to school. I think this is a very good movie and a good movie with a good plot. I give it a rating of 4.0 out of 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a fun movie.  The guy who plays the doctor is great and it looks like he was very much in the movie. It was good fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. This is an old western with an old west feel. I don't think the movie was very well made. It is a long movie. It was a little boring to watch and I think it was over a little too soon. I am going to give it a 3 stars because it was very good at its time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an incredibly bad movie, and I do not mean that in a good way. This movie is the worst of the worst:  I was looking forward to this movie because it had an excellent cast, and this time I was not disappointed.   The movie opens with the main character, John, waking up in a hospital. He is wearing a white gown and has his eyes covered. He has an IV in his arm. He tells us that his doctor has informed him that he has a serious heart condition and needs to be monitored.  Then we cut to a scene where a woman (Cindy) is in a coma. The doctor (Dennis) tells her that she is going to wake up. We cut to John waking up and seeing Cindy lying in a bed. He asks her what is wrong and she tells him that she has a very bad stomach ache. She tells him she needs a good doctor. She gets up and runs to the door. John is afraid to go to the hospital and tells Cindy she must go alone. He goes to the doctor and tells him he will be right back. He says he is busy, but will call when he is able. He leaves Cindy to watch over Cindy.  When he comes back, he finds the hospital deserted. He finds a note on the door:  This was my first clue that this movie is not a good one.  He calls the doctor who tells him Cindy is not there. He decides to take Cindy to the local hospital.  Now we cut back to the nurse (Jane) who tells John that Cindy has a heart condition. She says she can't wake her up because her heart is too weak. John tells her to go home.  Next we see John in the hospital. The nurse tells him to eat something. He starts to eat a sandwich, but then decides to just watch a movie.  After the movie, he goes back to bed and watches a movie on his phone. The movie shows him trying to get a job, but the job is too difficult and he leaves the movie to go back to his bed.  The next day, he sees a woman with a very serious eye condition. The next scene shows John trying to figure out what the problem is with Cindy. He gets a doctor, and the doctor says he can't do anything.  John tries to get her to take a test to see if she has the same condition.  This movie just
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The ending is a bit rushed. There are some weird shots of the characters. It is just a cheap ripoff of the same old "monster movie" from "Dracula" with the new name of "Fatal Attraction". I wouldn't waste my time watching it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was bad. I mean, it was bad, but it was very very bad. It was a movie about a girl, whose family has a farm in a small town in upstate New York. A bad day at work for a farmer's daughter, but the farmer's son is just trying to make a living for his family. One day he is told that a neighbor of his has sold the farm to a family of four: a farmer, his wife and a teenage son. They are all very nice, but are a little strange, like the kid has a mind of his own, which is not so much a bad thing. But the weirdness of the whole thing is the worst part, it made me feel sick to my stomach, the whole scene with the little boy who just keeps saying that he wants to live with them is the most disgusting thing I have ever seen, I think it might be a bad dream or something, I don't know. It didn't make me laugh at all. I didn't feel any kind of good about myself for having seen this. I felt a terrible need to put it down, and the whole movie made me sad and disgusted, and not in a good way. I was so disgusted with it I can't even imagine what it is trying to do to me, and what it hopes to achieve. I don  This is the movie that has been in my mind since I first heard about it, and I have been looking for a decent movie to watch ever since. I have heard that it has been rated as R, so I wasn't expecting it to be any good, but there are so many horrible things in it that I just had to see it. I think there is something about the movie which makes it so bad, I am not really sure what it does, but I just can't help but be disturbed by the whole concept. There is no way I am going to watch this again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm just going to say it:    It's just so awful.   One of the worst movies I've seen in a long time.  The story is just so bad, so cheesy and cheesy it's painful.  It is a bad comedy about a guy who thinks he is a super-hero, he uses the super-powers he got from a superhero he had a life-long crush on.  And he uses them to kill his wife.  This is why I can't watch these kind of movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What the hell is this movie about?  I don't get it.  There is a guy named Billy who can move mountains and this movie is about him trying to lift the world up from the depths of Hell.  He has been there so many times he has seen it all and there is nothing new under the sun.  When I first watched this I thought it was a pretty decent action movie.  But the final battle scene was a bit much.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not sure why the filmmakers felt the need to add a few more scenes after the first one. The actors' performances are very bad, and the plot is a bit too convoluted for my taste.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am a HUGE fan of the original "Alien" series. This movie is an attempt to reboot the series in the new millennium. It has its moments but the movie is just too boring. I mean come on, we already have a better "Alien". It's just so dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had to wait almost 3 hours to get into this.    The entire movie is a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad flick.  I'm pretty sure that I could watch this movie over and over and not get tired of it.    I just don't get why anyone would watch this bad flick!   The characters are flat, and the acting is awful.  It's just plain silly!  The bad acting is just silly too!  If I wanted to see someone make a bad film, I'd watch this crap!  The movie: What happened:     A woman is on a date with a guy.  Then he pulls out a gun.  I'm not sure what the point of the movie was.  This is a very strange movie, and I don't think the director thought it through.  The movie is over-the-top silly.    The movie was made for an audience that isn't stupid enough to think this movie will be funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love how a lot of people seem to hate this movie. I don't. I think the first act of this movie was just really weird and I liked it. Then when it got to the second act and the music started and the film started getting really bad it was the most ridiculous thing I have ever seen in my life.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's not a good movie.   If it were a good film, it would be a good flick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am a huge Star Wars fan.   So when I heard this movie was going to be released it was like "I have waited all my life for this movie to come out!"    But I don't know if I could go back to it.  It was not a bad film.  This movie had a very good story.  The acting was good.  But this movie is so boring that I can't think of anything to say.  I don' t see why a kid would want to be in the Star Wars movies.  If you think Star Wars is the best movie ever made then you are wrong.  Star Wars 2 is a better movie than the first one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really excited to see this movie. I love horror movies. The fact that it's a 'horror' movie means it's very low budget, so that's probably why it's so bad. It has a lot of great actors, and they're all just playing the parts. It's kind of hard to tell what's going on in this movie because the writing doesn't really tell us anything about the characters and their motivations. It looks really good though, and it has a couple of really cool moments, so I give it a 2.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film. The acting is all over the place, the story is terrible, and the effects are awful. It's hard to imagine the original film is in fact a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a bit confusing what they are trying to do here.  They make a really bad movie and are trying really hard to be "pro-family".  The kids are annoying and I just didn't care.   I thought it was a really poorly done movie and I didn't even care.    For a movie like this to be so bad, I thought maybe they just got an idiot producer who is just trying to cash in on some kids and make a buck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over and over again until I had it memorized and could not have missed a single thing.  It has all the trappings of a "bad" film:  In a movie theater, we witness a woman trying to kill her lover.  This is the way it begins.    It begins with a woman in a movie theatre (this is the second film by the director) trying to murder her lover, a man in a trench coat.  What's going on here?  This is the same director who made "The Devil's Candy" a decade earlier.  This was his third movie and his first starring role.  He was a famous film critic in Europe before he moved to America and made this film in New York City.  It was shot in black and white, like most American films of the time.  When the film was released it was received by critics as being "unremarkable".  It won only one Academy Award and was not well received by the critics.  Now, a film like this, which had the reputation of being "bad", had to be made a lot of money in order to be profitable.  So this movie was shot and edited in a way to make it appear to be a big Hollywood production.  There is no music in the film;  no sets;   no costumes;  but we are told over and again that it is all real.  The only way to know for sure is to look at the movie with a magnifying glass and watch for yourself.  A lot of "bad movies" of the day were shot in the same style.  To me, this is the very worst kind of "good film".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not that bad.  I like the movie.    There is a scene where the guys are in the garage trying to make a fire.  The movie seems to take place in the 1960's.  There are some funny scenes, and the movie is a little more colorful than the average '80s movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a boring and silly movie.  I have seen the original one too many times, and it was much more enjoyable.  "The movie itself is really good.  The story is the same as the first movie, so if you have seen it before, it is just as good as the movie it is based on.    The acting was also quite good.   The music was okay, and I liked the opening scene that the director came up with.  "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film follows a character named Mr. R. who's just lost his girlfriend. He's living in a small town with his dad and his dad is a big time drug dealer who sells a lot of marijuana. The movie doesn't give you the full picture but it's pretty clear that his father is in a lot more trouble than Mr.R.   In one scene, the guy with the drug dealing car pulls up in front of Mr. and his father's house. His father is outside and his son asks if they're ready to go in.  The father replies, "Yeah, we're ready."   Mr. is not happy that his dad's out on a dealer's drug run. He goes inside and finds his father dead from a gunshot wound.  He goes out to get his dad but is shot himself.  Mr R is distraught about his father and is on the run from the police.  I guess it would have been better to give us more details about what happened to Mr. so we could understand what's happening. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is one of the worst ever made. The story is a rehash of a story that has been done many times before and I would have given up on this movie years ago had I not seen the trailer. The only thing that saved this movie from being a complete disaster was the fact that it was a live action movie, but that is about all that was good about this movie. It just doesn't seem like they spent any time making the movie a realistic look at what life in the US would be like if it were ruled by a racist, ignorant, and violent dictator.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many things wrong with this movie, that it's not even funny. The only reason I'm watching this movie is because I have to watch the new Star Wars movie, and I figured I'd watch a good one.  The bad:      This movie has such an annoying theme song.   It's not bad, but it's so annoying that it makes it very hard to watch.  I'm sure it's supposed to be funny, but I don't think it is.  It makes me want to get up and leave the room, but there's nothing funny about it.  The acting in this movie sucks.  There are a lot of scenes where it seems like they are being filmed, but they are all really cheesy.  When the bad guy,   Darth Vader,  is talking to Luke and Leia about how he knows that there's a Jedi,  he says "It is said that there is no evil in the Force. I find that to be a troubling statement."   Then, in the very next scene,  Luke is getting the information about the power of the Force, and he says: "I'm sorry, what?"   He doesn't get it right away, and Leia says "I know, I know. I'm just not seeing it."  This is what I have heard the good guys say when they can't see the Force for some reason.  These are two of the dumbest characters in the whole movie.  George Lucas really has a problem making any kind of story work.  This movie is a total waste of time, and the only reason that I watched it was because I wanted to see Darth Vader. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was really excited to see this movie because of all the hype it received. It's a fairly standard 'cop and car chase' movie. There are a few really cool moments, like when the police officer gets into the car and the camera pans to show the interior of the car, or when the car is driving and the officer has to slam on the brakes and pull the driver out of the driver's seat. The bad part of this movie is that the cops are terrible. I think they should be paid better than they are, they are really just incompetent. I found it funny that when they were driving in the chase scene, the one cop kept asking "are we going too fast?" when the other cop said "you guys are going too slow." I didn't see the cop shoot the bad guy at all, he only had a couple of shots that looked real. The other cop also had a habit of running into things, but that was really just a minor detail that I didn\'t think about much.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie had me chuckling the whole way through.   The cast is pretty good.  For a movie with a "sick" premise, the cast is really quite good. They even have a little romance going on.  I would give this movie a B-.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst thing about this movie is that the guy who plays a part in it, a guy who has never acted before and probably wouldn't act again if he could, has a voice that sounds like a child's voice.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bunch of idiots get into a wreck.   It is a total train wreck with nothing to it.  It should have been called "The Dumbest Dumbass Train Crash Ever".   What's more, it is completely over the top with over the Top dialogue and a stupid plot.  The story is a story about the dumbest dumbass train wreck ever.  I had the misfortune of watching this on the train, and after seeing it for just a few minutes, I decided I had to get out and see if it was even remotely possible to get through it. I had never before heard of such a train wreck in my life, and I'm sure I'll never see another one like it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I liked this movie, but I had a problem with it: the actors. The acting was a little odd, but it was very well done. I was more than a little confused by the whole thing. The movie is about a man who wants to make a living in a bad way. He's very poor, and he wants to get a job so he can eat and keep his family alive. The story was really not a great one, but that is the point. The characters were all over the place, and the script wasn't very good either. It's a very odd movie, and I really don't like it much. It just doesn't have a lot of energy, and it just didn't have much of a plot.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first thing to mention about the movie is that it is really, really bad.   It has a pretty poor script and a terrible direction.  This is one of those movies that is so bad that you have to find some way to enjoy it.  It's like watching a kid who has a great imagination but a bad imagination.  When you first start watching the movie it's pretty funny.  I love the ending, it's one of the best in the movie.  The worst part is that you can see how a great director can make a good movie. I just hope that they make a second one because the first one is the worst thing I have ever seen in my life.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story has little to do with the real world, or any reality for that matter. I found it to be just as boring as a good night's sleep at home. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is a complete mess.  Not just a bad film, but a bad piece of crap.    I watched this film as a little boy and I still find it a bit creepy and weird.  The main character, named Mike, lives in a house with his mother.  It is the house that is haunted by a man named Frank (which makes no sense to me).   When a young girl named Mary arrives and starts hanging around Mike's mother, Mike's mom gets suspicious and goes to the police to find out if she is a good girl.  There is a lot of blood and gore, and the film seems to be more about sex than it does about anything else.  When you are watching a movie like this, you expect it to be bad, and when it is, it is bad.  I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film follows the story of a family that is on vacation, and a local sheriff who thinks that their vacation has gone awry. After the family is caught in a blizzard and left for dead, a mysterious man shows up to rescue them and rescue the sheriff himself.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first part of this movie is absolutely wonderful. The second part is awful. I mean really, it's a horrible movie. It's about a little boy who is stuck with a giant monster for his whole life. The monster has a very interesting voice and it makes me cringe every time I hear it. And that is about it. The other characters are boring and the ending is really, really unsatisfying. The story isn't bad, but it's not great either. It is very generic and that's probably why the monster was made to be so.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bunch of people get together to have a "meeting" at a local bowling alley. There is a guy in the crowd named "Bob" who wants to meet the other guys. The group agrees to meet at "the Big Top" in order to get to know each other. The meeting is held in a room where there is no ceiling. This is because the room was made for "dance parties". There is nothing happening, so everyone decides to "take a walk" down the hall. One guy decides to try the door, and it does not open. The guys decide to go through a wall to the other side of the room. It does open, and there is a person sitting on the couch with his back to the door. He is a little overweight. He says hello to them and they say hello back. He asks where they are from and they tell him the place where the meeting is being held. He then says, "I was gonna go home, but I got a great idea. I was thinking of having some fun with the boys down there, so why don't we come out and have a little fun?" Everyone gets a little excited and they all start dancing. As they dance they start making out, touching and playing with each other's clothes. He wants to kiss a girl, but she says no. So, he pulls out a box of condoms. She says no again, so he pulls one out and says, 'here, use this'. She says, I don't have any money, so I give him $5 and he gives me a $5 bill. As he is leaving she says, that's all right, you can take my $5 back, and he says, no, I can take it all, and goes back to where he was. She then asks him what is he doing. He goes, "Well, you know what? I think you and I should make a movie, a movie about a bunch of guys who get together and make a lot of money." She then says she wants to make a film about a group of people who get high, and she thinks the best movie to make would be about them taking drugs and getting high, while having fun. She tells the guys that she has $20 in her purse, and asks them to put it in a box. As she is leaving they all tell her that they have to do a drug and party movie, and one guy says, what
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film that should be banned. There is a great deal of sexual innuendo and nudity in the film, and the sexual violence is also gratuitous. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know I'm supposed to be saying good things about this movie.  There's a lot of things I like about this film.  It's a nice film. It's well-made.  The acting is good.  I like the setting.  They do a nice job with it.  But what bothers me is the fact that it's a pretty good movie, but it's not good. It doesn't have a hook.  This is a film about a family that's gone through a lot and then one day the kid turns into a baby and then a girl, and it just keeps going and going.  And the movie never lets up.  If you like the kids in this movie, you're gonna like the rest of it. I don't like the family, but I really do like the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most ridiculous thing about the film is that it is about the very first "caveman" in the world. It makes absolutely no sense why this movie is called "Caveman: A Movie", except that it was released in the 80's. It was made for the purpose of teaching kids how to get along with other kids. But since the main characters are "cavesmen" there is no "getting along" to be done. In fact they fight constantly! It would have been far better if this film had been about the first "modern man" instead of the first caveman.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film was a great idea: "what if a man could get a second chance in life?"   It was an awful movie.   I'm not sure what the director was thinking, but this movie is a disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film does not tell a story, and the acting is pretty poor.   A lot of bad jokes are thrown at the audience and the movie is pretty stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A few years ago, a friend of mine went to see this movie. I had heard of it, but never saw it, and when I did, I found myself wishing I had seen it at a younger age. The movie is about a guy who can't stop himself from going out for a run and is shot dead. The victim is a little girl who is hit by a car and is paralyzed from the waist down. The guy who is trying to catch her before she dies is the only person in the town who can help her. The local police don't want to investigate and try to keep the story under wraps. The killer eventually does go to trial and is found guilty of murder. The rest of the movie is a sort of cross between a slasher movie and a slumming comedy. It has an all too familiar feel to it. A lot of it was pretty funny at times, but the rest was a mess. It was kind of like watching a movie in a local diner where the waitresses try to give it a funny name.   The only thing that makes it bearable is the ending. It's not great, but it's a pretty good ending to a pretty bad movie. It didn't really change my opinion of the rest of it though.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was a waste of time. It has nothing to do with the real world and is nothing more than a cheap knock-off of "Ghostbusters."  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a big disappointment.  The story was pretty good, with the protagonist and his friends fighting against the bad guy to protect the people who love them.    But the bad guys were too many.  This movie had a ton of baddies to fight and not all of them were scary.  There were the "big" bad guys like the monster who came after the girls and the one that came for the protagonist's dad.  All the other bad guys did nothing but get in the way and take away time.  One of the girls got kidnapped and the movie was kind of over when the girl got rescued.  The characters were pretty flat and I was bored to tears by the end.  I had trouble believing in the movie.  It had so many action sequences that I was wondering why there was a plot at all.  Why would they put a girl in a giant coffin and then a monster attack her?  The movie had an amazing ending but the movie would have been better if it just ended with the girl getting out of the coffin. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie has all the hallmarks of a bad action movie: the hero gets captured, tortured, tortured by an evil woman, and then escapes. And then he fights a bunch of bad guys.    As you can see, I'm no great fan of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have a feeling that this movie was meant to be an homage to the old movie monster movies like "Battleship" and "Gremlins" and it does manage to capture that vibe, though in a less entertaining way. It doesn't do any of the things that are supposed to be "super" and is more of a cheap horror movie, so it's not too bad a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I've ever seen.   A really bad movie   This is a movie about a girl who lives with her mother in the house where her parents have died.  The girl lives in a world of violence, but there is no violence in this movie.  In this movie, the girl's mother is going to kill herself because she hates the girl so much that she cannot face her.  She has a gun and a knife.  Her mother tries to get her to go with her, but the girl refuses.  At the end of the movie, there is a scene where the mother kills herself with a knife, and then the girl takes her mother's knife and kills her too.  I don't know how I feel about this movie other than disgust. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never really liked a lot of films, I can't tell you why. I'm just an emotional person, and movies can never get me really excited about anything. I guess it's just something about them that I like, but it doesn't make a whole lot of sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie sucks balls.  I was really excited to see this movie and I was very disappointed.    It was the movie that got me into bad movies in the first place.  The bad guys are not bad at all.  It's all over the place, but they all have some pretty cool looking vehicles.  I can't stand it when bad actors have bad accents.  There are some really bad movies out there, but this one is way worse than I expected. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's so hard to review this film. The film has nothing to do with the real life, and is not even related to it. It is a poor attempt at a horror film, and not a very good one. It has a very slow pace, which is annoying for a horror movie. The plot is extremely bad, and very poorly done. The story is about a man named Mr. Smith, who lives alone in a room. The room is haunted, and he has a problem. He has a box full of pictures, and one picture he finds is of his son, which he doesn't want to leave behind. Mr.Smith keeps trying to get rid of the picture, but nothing works. The picture of his child appears in the movie, but is actually a person with a wig and a face. The woman that is the subject of the haunted picture, looks exactly like the woman in the picture that Mr. and Mrs. Smith have. It's very creepy. The only way to get the pictures is to find a little girl who was the subject in the pictures. Mr Smith's wife goes out to find the little girl, and they both end up in the haunted house. This is where the movie gets really bad. This whole movie is terrible. The acting is terrible, the gore is not very good, and the story is horrible. I would not recommend this movie to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like to do reviews of bad movies, but there was nothing I could do about this one.  The bad movie is the worst thing about this movie: it has no script and no acting.    The movie takes place in a post apocalyptic world where a race of mutants are running around in the woods killing all the animals.  The only way to survive is to get in the cave with a tribe of mutants and try to kill them.  This movie is just too boring and bad to have any interest at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie with no redeeming qualities. It's about a man who has to marry a girl he doesn't love because he has a terrible temper and her parents don't want to give her up to him because she's a virgin. The whole movie is just a series of slapstick humor that doesn't really have anything to do with the story and the movie itself doesn't seem to make much sense.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pretty good film, and that's really the only way to describe it. There's a lot going on, but it's a relatively linear story that keeps things interesting for the entire run-time. I'm not sure how it will fit into the "The Legend of Tarzan" franchise, but I guess that doesn't matter since it is a pretty decent story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a young girl who is raped by her stepfather.   The stepfather rapes her every night for three years. The movie has a lot of good moments but there are also moments where it becomes so awful that it feels like a bad episode of the Twilight Zone. The ending is horrible. The only good thing about this movie is the little girl's reaction to it. I found it so disgusting I couldn't watch it at all.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A few things need to be said about this movie. First off, the director, Mr. Tatum, is a great actor. He really steals the show in this movie as a crazy cop who shoots his way through town, beating up people for no reason, and throwing away the lives of those he's killed. It is funny how it is always the bad guys that are always the first to die in these movies.   The other thing that I found a little weird about this film is that there are a lot of scenes where people are on the streets of the city with their kids and are not in any way responsible for any of the crimes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was looking forward to this movie and I got my wish. I wish I could have seen it when I was a kid. I really think that the actors were doing a good job. The story was about a young man who was looking for his father. He found him and got him drunk. Then the father had an accident on the highway and the young man and his friend drove off and went to a cabin. There, the young friend tried to kill the father. They got to the cabin and the father was dead. The young man then turned himself in. The father was a racist and said he would not let them go. The other two young men were the best friends of the father, but when they found out what he did, they turned on him. The two brothers were not in the movie, but they were mentioned. It was a sad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen.  You can tell from the trailer that the movie has the wrong idea about "real life."  The story is a retelling of a real life incident.    There is not a single person who is not dead or alive in this movie, I think this is how it was intended to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason to watch this is if you hate the film. I hate this film so much I cannot watch it without laughing. I think this film was an attempt at making a cult classic, and I think it's failed miserably.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you like bad movies you'll like this movie!   This movie was a disaster and it should never be seen by anyone!  If this movie was made by someone with a sense of humor they would have made it into a comedy.   It is very hard to watch and this is why it is not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with a close-up of the mouth of the little man's daughter who is standing at the door of her father's home. She is sitting on the edge of a sofa, and looking very pretty and innocent, with a pretty face and an innocent personality. The scene goes on with the same pose for several minutes, and with this pose the little girl continues to look cute and innocent. The little girl's father comes home from work. He is wearing his usual suit and carrying a bag. As he comes in, he hears a baby crying. He walks to the room where the baby is, and looks at it. The baby starts crying more loudly. The little man puts his hand to his heart and starts to cry. The woman who is with him is the one who brings the baby to the father's house. They come to the front door, and the little mother looks at the baby and smiles. The father, the one she looks at, is wearing a suit and a bag, with his hand on his heart. The mother looks back at the father, then smiles. And then the father puts his hands together in a prayer gesture and says, "God, bless this child with your protection and guidance. I will take care of this child and I will protect her. I know that God is watching over her." The mother smiles and takes the baby from the father. She takes the little baby and takes her to the nursery where the little one is sitting. She puts the baby in her arms and says to the little boy, "I will never let anyone hurt her." The child, who has just been born, is sleeping in the bed of the father and the mother. The child is very small and looks like a doll, but the little child has a beautiful face and a sweet voice. The family talks about the good things that happened to them, and they all have smiles on their faces. Now the father starts to wonder if he is the father of this little child. He asks his wife about the baby. She says, with the most beautiful voice, "You are the father." The father's wife says, smiling, "Yes, yes, I know." Now, what would happen if you did not know? Would the father still know that he is a father? The father says to his wife, "What do you think?" She says with a smile, "Oh, he knows. I have never seen him like that
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was a train wreck, with a bad script that doesn't work for me at all.   The characters were bad.  1st - A lot of scenes in this movie are taken from other films.  I was not even sure if this movie was filmed in a studio or at a house.  A lot.  It was a very long and boring movie.  The acting was awful, the direction was terrible, the cinematography was awful.  Some of the special effects looked like they had been shot in a darkroom.  This film was filmed by the same person who made "The Black Hole", and "Mushroom Man".   2nd -  I liked "The Man from Earth".  This is probably one of my favourite films of all time.  "The Day the Earth Stood Still" has a very good premise, but fails to do anything with it.  Here, the main character is the only one who is able to do the right thing, which is not very much.  Again, some of the effects look like they were shot in the darkroom, and a lot of the dialogue sounds like it was recorded in the early 1940s.  You can see this film in a cinema in your own country. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've never seen this movie, but it looks like it was filmed in an old hospital.   The cast are all the same:  1. Mandy Patinkin,   2. David Arquette,  3. Peter Sellers,  4. Barbara Crampton,  5. Fred Williamson,  6. Alan Alda,  7. Fred Ward,  8. Jim Carrey,  9. David Ogden Stiers,  10. Steve Martin,  11. Alan Arkin,  12. Peter Boyle,  13. Alan Thicke,  14. David Hasselhoff,  15. Robert Klein,  16. Kevin McCarthy,  17. Christopher Guest,  18. Bill Murray,  19. Joe Pesci,  20. Joe Flaherty,  21. Brian Doyle-Murray,  22. Fred Willard,  23. Michael Ian Black,  24. Ed Asner,  25. Kevin Bacon,  26. Paul Gleason,  27. Bill Kircher,  28. Jeff Daniels,  29. Alan King,  30. Jim Dinning,  31. Michael McKean,  32. Peter Graves,  33. John Glover,  34. Frank Langella,  35. John Turturro,  36. Jeff Goldblum,  37. Paul Reubens,  38. George Clooney,  39. Michael Biehn,  40. Jon Lovitz,  41. Jeff Dunham,  42. Fred Armisen,  43. Steve Buscemi,  44. Paul Giamatti,  45. John Leguizamo,  46. John Larroquette.  47. Robert Duvall,  48. James Earl Jones,  49. Michael Rooker,  50. Alan Rickman,  51. John Hurt,  52. Jim Caviezel,  53. Bill Cosby,  54. Kevin Spacey,  55. Paul Walker,  56. Bill Nighy,   57. Michael Caine,  58. Bill Hader,  59. James Franco,  60. Paul Rudd,  61. Eddie Murphy,  62. Michael Keaton,  63. Robert Downey Jr,  64. James Woods,  65. Chris Evans,  66. Anthony Hopkins,  67. Tim Curry,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no good parts at all.  The movie is about a guy who is trying to have sex with his wife when the wife is being watched over by a stranger, and he does it by using his penis to take advantage of his wife.    The whole thing is a complete farce.  It should not be funny and should not even be good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a bad film at all, it is a bad, stupid, dull, predictable and boring film. It is an action film with a big-name actor playing a bad-ass with no talent whatsoever. This is exactly what it says on the tin, the action sequence is all the same, it just changes location. I don't care for the acting in this film either. I have to say, I am really disappointed with the film. I can't see why anybody would make a film like this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It seems like they forgot how to do anything interesting in this movie. The bad guy was supposed to be a guy in a mask, not some masked guy in front of the camera! The movie was really long, so I don't know why they were wasting time on the boring scenes.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that is so bad that it is good. It is also one of the rare movies where it is not just a bad film but a bad one that has more to it than just a crappy story about a guy that falls in love with a girl that is only half his size. The acting is bad as well. It was kind of hard to believe that a movie with this much awful acting was even made.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really awful movie with a really awful ending.  I guess this movie could have been made in the old days where they only had a half hour to get the movie right. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really bad.  The main character is a psychopath.  This is not the first time I have seen a psychopath in a movie.  It is not a good movie at all.  A psychopath doesn't need a good story.  I just didn't like it at all... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think this movie is terrible. I have never seen such a bad, bad movie. I can't even begin to describe it to you, the movie is so bad, it's so bad! I was really looking forward to the movie, but then I remembered how bad the first movie was. I guess it's ok to watch it a second time and try and laugh at it. But it's just so bad. This movie is the complete opposite of "Ace Ventura: Pet Detective", the first film, it had so much potential. I mean I can see where it could have been so good, but it's simply awful. The acting is so terrible, and the plot is so stupid! I don't know what to say about it, it is so horrible, I hope you never watch it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good movie is one that I enjoy to the very end. I'm not sure why the title is "Good Movie" when it's really a bad film. There's some great acting and it's well done in every scene, but it's a bad story, a bad script, and an unoriginal film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a disaster, a terrible piece of garbage, with absolutely no redeeming qualities.   It is so bad, that it has to be made up as it goes along.  For starters, the actors in this movie are just horrible, most of them looking like they were just born to be part of this movie.  This is especially true for the female lead, who looks like a cheap knockoff of a prostitute.  I also have to say that the special effects were horrible.  The film was clearly shot on 16mm film, and even though it looks good on the big screen, it just looks so bad.  What I really liked about this movie was the characters, but even they were not very good.  It was not too long after the first "monster" shows up that we see a bunch of people trying to find a way to kill it.  All they seem to have is a can of gas, and a little water.  At this point the movie would have had a nice ending.  But alas, it is not to be.  One of the people that is trying to kill the monster is named "The Red."  The red person is an idiot who is constantly on the run, trying to avoid being caught.  He is always running into things, and eventually he is found by a trucker named "Duck."   And so begins the stupidest, most uninspired chase scene in the history of movies.  After Duck shoots the monster, it appears to have been killed by the gas.  There is a lot of blood, but the movie never bothers to show this, and we are not shown how it got there.  So the Red just starts running off into the forest.  Unfortunately, the monster shows up again.  And this time, he is armed with a rocket launcher.  While Duck and the Red try to avoid getting shot, it turns out that the monster can actually fly, and so he can kill the two of them.  Luckily, they are able to destroy the rocket launcher and kill the Red.  With that, the movie ends.  In the end, this movie is just so bad that it would be laughable if it weren't so painful to watch.  If you don't like horror, then I strongly suggest that you don?t bother with this movie, as it will probably leave you with a bad taste in your mouth.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't think I'm overstating this when I say that "The Man from Earth" is not only a mediocre movie, it is a bad one.   If you are a fan of the Star Trek franchise, you will not find much that is new in this movie, however, if you are like me, you would have liked to see an alien named Mardi Gras, an alien who wears a kilt, a woman who dresses in women's clothes, and a human that dresses like a man.  If these characters had been on screen together, we could have made a good movie.  The dialogue is predictable, and the acting is not good.  "The man from Earth", if I had to put it in one word, it would be:  A horrible movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I loved this movie. It was well made, had a good plot and some good action. But the ending was horrible. The movie ends with a cliffhanger and then after a few seconds a huge explosion happens. I am not sure if the explosion is real or not, but it is pretty damn big. This movie is rated R, which I would not have thought it would be, but I think it was just a really bad idea.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've had a terrible time watching this movie. It's the kind of thing you expect to see when you look up "bad movie" on IMDB.  The bad part is that it has a pretty decent plot, but the bad part of the movie is that we get to watch this film from the POV of the female lead.  You can't see her eyes!   I have no idea what is going on here!  This is a pretty bad movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is terrible.   The story is about a poor girl, who is having to move from her parents home and is having trouble with the new landlord who hates her.  It all ends with a terrible explosion.  This movie is so terrible that the audience doesn't care if the story is really bad, because it is just so boring.  I am not sure how this movie got made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is all action and no dialogue.  It takes place in a small village on the coast of France.    A woman is murdered and there is no reason for it to happen.  There is no motive, no reason.  The police find no clues and no one seems to know anything about the murders.  This is a very small village with no history.  It is a small town with one main street and one main building.  A man goes into the house and finds a woman murdered in the bathroom.  He looks through the keyhole and finds two other women murdered in different rooms.  One of the women is nude and the other is wearing a nightgown.  They were murdered in their beds and no sign of forced entry.  Some of the police find a woman in the bath who has been dead for days.  She has a wound in the side of her head and blood is dripping from her body.  At first they think it is suicide.  Then one of the victims starts to move.  Her head has started to move again.  All three victims had been stabbed in the back.  Another woman has been stabbed to death and has been strangled.  An older woman has had her throat cut and her hands tied behind her back.   The police are unable to figure out who killed all of them.  We are given some of the details.  As a young man comes out of a house, the woman he meets is his mother.  And a man comes into the bathroom who is killed and his body is thrown out.  Why was a man coming into the woman's bathroom?  There are some clues.  But they are all ignored.  Even though there are four murders and only one clue, the police are not able to figure it out.   It is difficult to make sense of this film.  I know that it is a horror film, but this film is a mystery. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The ending to this film is terrible and the story is just a poorly thought out excuse to have a gay and gay-friendly cast of characters go on a road trip and kill something.  This film is just horrible.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The bad movie " The World of the Brothers Grimm " is not a bad one. I don't think it is bad in the slightest. It is not bad because it is very clever, well made, well acted, well directed, and it is good. But there is a huge problem in the film, and I am not going to go into it in detail. It starts out so good, with the brothers going to visit the sisters in a strange castle. And they are quite delighted to find that the sisters are quite normal and friendly. The brothers do, too. The first two episodes in the castle are very good, especially the first. But by the time they are out, the film is in its final stage. The film begins to go downhill very quickly. The characters have very few lines. And the plot seems to be moving forward at a very fast pace. There are, of course, many good ideas, and the film may be entertaining. But, it really isn't, and this may be the most important reason for its bad movie status. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a guy named Dave who's a bad ass badass.  He's not a good person in the beginning but by the end he's a real good guy.   I wouldn't say this is a "bad movie" it's not.  It's just a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad. It's a bad remake of a bad film. I really don't know how to describe this movie. It just feels like it's trying to do too much and it's not very good at it. It seems like there's a lot of things that it wants to get across but doesn't do very well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible movie that does not have much to say about anything. There's a lot of fighting in this movie, and I don't think the script is very good. There are some interesting moments here and there, but this movie really lacks anything interesting to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I would say the same thing about this movie.    It has a few redeeming features, the one that stood out the most was a wonderful scene where the kid plays a flute and plays the "Rattle and Hum" song, and I thought that was really great.  It was great because it showed how good an actor could be at a child's age.  Another redeeming feature is that the actors are not bad, and they all look very young and are very good.  The thing that really kept me from loving this movie was that the movie was all in French, and even though it was only 1 hour and 10 minutes long, I had to listen to the French subtitles over and over and I was still only able to understand the last 2 sentences of the last song.  Overall, a terrible movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie was really bad but there was a scene that made me cry. The kid was on the floor and I saw a blood stain on the wall of his room. I couldn't make out what it was but I thought it was blood from a wound. It was just a horrible scene and I felt bad for him.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a terrible waste of time, if you enjoy the movies of George Lucas (and I sure do) you will enjoy this movie as well.   This movie is like something out of a bad dream.  The actors are all awful, the director is terrible, the script is terrible and the story is terrible.  I was hoping for a movie that would have been more original and a bit more fun but sadly it was nothing more than a cheap knock off of Star Wars.  It is sad that they used such poor actors to do such terrible work.  My only advice is that if you are an old Star Wars fan like I am, you might want to watch this movie and not let your kids watch it either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a complete joke and a complete ripoff of the movie "The Rocketeer". The actors look like their on a train to hell, but no one in this movie is going to die. They are all too stupid to die in this stupid movie. The director is not bad at all. He was in the movie with James Dean and he looked like he was in a bad car accident. It is very hard to see a movie that is so stupid and so hard to watch. This movie makes me laugh every time I see it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I liked this movie because it was a lot of fun, it didn't have the worst plot in the world, it had good acting, good cinematography, good acting and good writing.   This movie is one of the few movies that I can say I liked the plot, it was fun, and the story was interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film.  It is an adaptation of the book, The Last Supper.  If you like the book it is a good movie, if you like a good adaptation of a bad book you will like this one too.   This one is pretty bad and pretty stupid too. "He was a strange, funny, interesting guy, he was always thinking of the next book he was going to write, and he was also very witty, even when he wasn't talking."    It seems as if the film makers wanted to do something different with the material and didn't follow the book to a T.  This was the last film that Michael Caine starred in and is the last time he has a lead role. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was expecting a lot more from this film, but it really didn't deliver. The story is all about a bunch of guys playing video games and it's pretty much all dialogue and little action.   It's a pretty boring movie to be honest.  I think that a good movie needs a good script to make it work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm going to be honest with you guys:  this movie is a mess.   It's bad enough to be boring, bad enough that you may not want to finish it.  I'm not sure if I should even review this movie, because I don't really think it's all that bad.  If you have no desire to watch a movie about a man who is possessed by a demon that he has to kill to escape, then this is a movie for you.  The film is basically a re-enactment of the exorcism in The Exorcist, except that instead of being the possessed child, this is the possessed man.  He is played by a guy named Richard Harris, who has a few roles in his career.  One of them is a role that he is best known for, which was as the guy that goes out of his way to murder a little boy.  Another role that Harris has been in is as the evil guy who has the power to turn people into animals.  In this movie he is played again by a woman named Pamela Franklin, and she is actually the only person in the film who does anything interesting.  She is played as a woman who is really evil, and one of her evil ways is to turn the men in the town into animals when she is around.  It really doesn't help that she is played like a slut, and it doesn't really help that her husband is an asshole.  And it doesn't help that they spend a good part of the film in a church, where she and Harris take turns raping a priest and beating the hell out of him, because he is so uneducated.  This is the worst movie I have ever seen, and I don't even know where to begin. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most common problem with this movie is that it is not funny at all. It is boring, and not even funny.   It is about a man who has been living in a small shack for a number of years, and is now moving into a large, beautiful mansion, which is full of things to see. He takes the opportunity to get a good look at his new home, and discovers that there is more to the house than what he has been told. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't care about the story.   It was boring and made me angry all the time.  It seemed like the writers didn't like to put a lot of effort in the story and they made it sound so generic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not funny.  It's got nothing to do with its own movie title.    There are many people on a journey that will not end with any good.  The music is atrocious.  This is not a good movie, even for a bad actor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movies ever made.   A film so awful, it makes you wonder how anyone could have ever thought it would be a good idea to put it out in a public theatre.  This is not a film for the faint of heart.  The acting is bad, the dialogue is bad and the plot is horrible.  I don't know what the producers thought would be funny about a movie about a man who kills people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are many bad movies out there, some of them are actually pretty bad. There are other bad movies too, but this is a very bad movie. It is the worst movie I have seen in a long time. The movie is about a young man who is in the process of getting married to his long time girlfriend. His mother is also in the hospital and he is having a hard time with her and with his family. So he decides to take a trip to the ocean to help his mother recover. While in the ocean he comes across an abandoned plane and he begins to wonder what happened to it. While looking through the wreckage he finds a man's body floating in the water and he thinks it might be the man's son. He then gets a ride back to the hospital in his mother's ambulance. But there is something else that is bothering him and it is the strange way that the body is floating in a pool of water. He starts to wonder if the body might be his father. It doesn't take long for him to figure it out though.   The movie is very poorly written. There is nothing interesting or original about the story. It just goes from bad to worse. The story is just bad and the story doesn't make any sense. The way that it was told is just plain stupid. It would be much more entertaining to just sit back and watch a bad horror movie and not read it. It wouldn't even be as bad as this. I have never seen anything like this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not bad.  But a very long movie.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can I say about a movie that doesn't have a great cast?  It's a movie where nothing much happens, and nothing that matters is really accomplished.  If I could have done without the dialogue and the pacing, I probably would have liked this a lot better.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A lot of people will say that this movie is a bad one.   It's not bad for the sake of being bad.  It has some good ideas and some good acting, but they don't hold up well.  The story is the worst part of the movie.  You'll find yourself watching it multiple times and wondering what the point is.  Some of the scenes have some great acting, and some not so much.  I can't think of a single moment where I laughed out loud.  While the movie does have a lot of laughs, it's mostly because the characters are hilarious.  This is a movie you'll probably want to skip. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen it and it was a mess. The acting was awful, the story was terrible and there were some scenes that made me feel sick. The ending was also very predictable. It is the kind of movie that would have been better if it had been made by a less talented person.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I know that this is the "sequel" to the original "Fantastic Four" movie (which I loved), but I wasn't really a fan of the original movie. The new "Forthcoming" movie just doesn't have the same charm and wit that the original did. This new "Movie" is just an excuse for Fox to make another sequel to a movie that they made a long time ago.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am an old-fashioned guy. I have never seen a bad western in my life.  This movie is a farce and an insult to everyone who has been killed in a bad film.  It is so bad that if it was not the first film in the series, it would be.  I was so disappointed by the ending.  They are still shooting it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is just a boring mess. I wish there were more funny parts in this movie, and not just some wacky stuff.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am not a huge fan of the old TV shows from the 50's, and this one has the same bad acting and horrible special effects that we have come to expect from these old shows. The acting is bad as well. The two lead actors were both terrible. The one that played the "father" was a terrible actor who made everyone look like a fool, while the woman who played the wife was also bad in the acting department. The special effects were also horrible. The monster was a giant lizard with two heads. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't think it was going to be a good movie, or even a bad one. I mean it has all the elements of a movie: a female lead, a guy who thinks he's the most important guy in the world, a villain, an action sequence.   The action sequence was not impressive, the movie was so bad that the action was not entertaining.  I thought that there would be a better action sequence in this movie, it didn't.  There was no plot development at all, the villain had no personality, he had no backstory and his motivations were ridiculous.  This movie was made by a man who never had a girlfriend in his life and who is obsessed with sex.  The villain has no motivations, no motivation, no reason for being in the movie, nothing!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a waste of time. It is about a man who has been sent to prison by his father. The father has died, and now his son is sent to jail for his part in a robbery. The movie doesn't really have much to do with the plot. It mostly follows the son as he is sent from one prison to another, and spends most of the time talking to people. The one thing that is interesting about the movie is the way it portrays prison life. It portrays the boredom, the loneliness, and the loneliness.    The movie is really bad. It has no plot, and doesn't have any characters. The only thing that the movie does is it shows us the father being sad and the son being sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a great film, a great story, but it's just not funny at all. I mean it's a funny story, it has all the hallmarks of a great comic strip: the characters are good, the setting is a very bizarre, wonderful place, but there's nothing funny to be found there.   This movie is just bad, and I've never seen a bad film in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was one of those movies that seemed like it was going to be pretty good until it actually came out.  The movie starts out with a woman who seems to be on a killing spree and then we cut to a little girl playing in the sand with her dolls and toys.  A very silly movie.    It was also very bad and was pretty boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is a bit of a mess, but it has some redeeming features that I will discuss a bit later.   I found the acting very amateurish and the acting was a little strange.  The dialogue was not particularly interesting, and some of the lines were actually kind of lame.  I also found that the characters seemed to be a little too comfortable with their own bad behavior, so there was not a lot of tension to be had.  This is a movie that I could have been watching when I was in junior high. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a story about a woman who has a baby who was born with a severe physical disability. She is a single mother with no job and no hope. She takes the baby to the hospital and is told that there is a chance that the baby can be saved if she does surgery on it. She does surgery and is amazed at the results. She has the baby back on the farm. But then she notices that the farm has been destroyed and her baby has a terrible limp and no mobility. She decides that she must take him back to the city. She and her husband, who is a drunk, have no money. She works in the city and they have no food or clothes. She tries to get a job in the factory but she can't get one because the place is deserted. Her husband does not want to go back to work but she convinces him. She finds a job at the factory as a seamstress.   What happened next is absolutely awful: the baby begins to grow at an accelerated rate and the family is on the verge of starvation. It is the end of the world, but they manage to keep the baby alive and they get through it together. But the real disaster occurs when a couple who are moving into the house next door move in. They are a couple with a child who is not disabled and who have lived on a farm for a while. They have no idea what the situation is in the family. They think they can take the baby home with them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "What was it about the Vietnam war? That's the only question we have to answer. The Vietnam War is an exercise in futility, and it is not a good exercise. It is a waste of time, and a waste on the part of the military. The military should be fighting the enemy. It isn't. The Vietcong are not the enemy, but they are a lot of fun to shoot. There is a lot to say about the Vietcong. They are a bunch of savages who live in a jungle. They don't work in a factory, and the women don't do laundry. But they are all about to blow up the world, and they're all about a lot more fun to kill than your average Joe. The fact that they can't kill a guy like you is a good thing, because it means that they don't have to worry about you. They get to blow stuff up. The best thing about the Vietnamese is that they are so much fun to go out and shoot. You can't make up a bad joke about this movie. It's really a movie about people shooting people and shooting them and shooting the guy again and again. It has to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It might even be one the worst things ever made."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an absolutely awful movie. This movie is based on a story of a group of people that go to a house party in a remote area. They meet a girl who has a pet rat, and as they talk about what they like and dislike about her and the rat they start to get into trouble.   I think this movie is a poor attempt at making a comedy, and that is what I expected to see in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would have preferred a more subtle approach to the character and story, and less of the "bad guys win" schtick, but it was still a pretty funny movie with a fairly interesting premise.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was expecting a very good movie from this movie and it did not deliver for me.   The movie is about a man who is in love with a girl he meets in the park.  The girl is from another planet and the only way they can communicate is through a telescope that she gives him.  He does not know what to think of this girl and he decides to make a movie to help her understand.  One of the scenes is the girl in a bikini and a little boy playing in a swamp.  This movie has the potential to be one of those great science fiction movies.  However, the movie never really made it to that.  It was a boring movie and I did not enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was a great movie about a young guy who gets himself into trouble with his own mind. Unfortunately, I didn't feel that it was. I think the story has a few funny moments, but overall it was a boring movie. It would have been much better to have done the story from a guy's point of view. The story starts off in the summer, and we get to see some really great scenes of people fishing and surfing and surfing. The movie seems to focus on the guys at the beach and how they deal with the weather. The beach scene, where they are surfing, is very interesting. It is very similar to the scenes in 'Boys Don't Cry'. There are a few other scenes that were just as interesting as those, but the movie just seemed to drag.  I am not sure if the guy's behavior was just the reason why the movie dragged, or if it was the fact that this was just a movie about surfing and nothing else.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only redeeming factor in this movie is its ending.  You know, like the last time a bad film was so bad it ended in a happy one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have been looking forward to this movie since I heard it was about to be released. I was a little disappointed when the movie actually was released. This movie has a lot of problems. First, the actors don't seem to be that great. Some of the best scenes are the ones that are not funny, and are actually pretty boring. Second, the ending is a little confusing. Third, I found the plot a little unbelievable. Fourth, I don't know what the author thought was so funny about the whole thing. Fifth, I'm pretty sure this is not a good movie. I'm giving this movie a 3 out of 10, because it was really entertaining at times, but at other times it just seemed like a very boring movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie I didn't care much for it.  It was just a bunch of guys in a room talking about how dumb they are.    The plot is basically "he wants to be a movie director so he decides to make a crappy movie"   It's not bad, it's a pretty boring movie.  There's not a lot of action, but there's plenty of bad acting, some bad singing and a lot to complain about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie with little to offer. There is nothing wrong with the story. It is pretty dull, not even the plot was engaging. The characters are forgettable, the movie just does not have anything to offer and is nothing but a run of the mill action movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is about a guy who gets caught up in a conspiracy to kill President Lincoln. The film is not very good, but it's entertaining.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A pretty average zombie movie with a few twists.   It's the end of the world and the undead are everywhere.  I thought it was a pretty good movie until it ended. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of white people, who have never done anything to earn it, are the victims of an African-American who wants to be a "white man" by marrying a white woman.  All the white people are either white racists or white hypocrites, and the Africans are all on the side of the African-Americans, who are either Black terrorists or Black terrorists who are Black. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that's good for bad times and bad laughs. It's a bad story that isn't even funny at all. A bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was atrocious, and the story was a terrible, awful waste of time.  What a terrible movie to waste a perfectly good cast of characters, including a good supporting cast (which consisted of a couple of young actors, and a bunch of old actors who played old characters).  If it wasn't for the fact that it was shot in a poor location, I could be certain it would have been terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing about this movie that didn't make me laugh was the scene where the little girl tries to jump over a giant dog.   I thought that was just a bit too realistic for a children's movie, and also the dog was pretty big, which I thought would be even more realistic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The whole film is based on the story of an unnamed "Bagdad" who works in the "Bakery of the City of Angels" with his friend "Mr. Bagger". They make a fortune selling bagels to tourists and they have the money to build a beautiful mansion for themselves.   This is a very bad movie!   First of all, it is a story about a rich, rich "Bagger" who makes a fortune off of bagels and then tries to make some more by selling them to tourists.  The bagels in this movie are terrible.  I guess the producers got a bunch of bagel makers from all over the world and had them make them to look like French bagels.  These bagels have a very "cheesy" smell and they taste awful.  Mr. Bagdad and his wife are very nice and they try to hide the fact that they are making bagels that taste like garbage.  And the French bagel guy is a really bad actor!  So Mr. Bagdad makes the bagels for a bunch "Tourists" to try to make a few more bucks.  It's a very cheesy film.  Why does this guy have a bagel stand?  It seems to be a sign that he has a bag of money.  There is not a whole lot of money in this film. It just kind of shows the Bagger family trying to make money to keep up with the prices.  You would think that there would be some money in the Bagdad's mansion but there is not.  Even the bagel maker is trying to get out of it.  What a terrible movie!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie in the history of ever, so bad it's not funny, it's horrifying.  It has a script that's so terrible, I couldn't help but laugh, and when the characters in it start to behave like children and act out, I just burst out laughing.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a terrible movie.   The first half of the movie is mostly uneventful. The movie is full of bad special effects and cheap acting. I don't understand how they were able to make a movie with the same name with better special effects than the original, but this movie is not worth watching.   the first half has a lot of sex. Some of it is very good and some of it really bad. The scenes with the young couple were very good. The young couple is a good character. But the young woman is very unattractive and the scenes with her were a real turn off for me. The second half of this movie was more like a porno. The sex scenes were not as good as the first, but they weren't bad.  , but what really kills this movie are the poor special effects. The first half is very cheap looking. The special effects are so bad they don't even make the actors look like they're in the same room. This movie really sucks and I can't recommend it to anyone. It is one of those horrible low budget movies where you can't believe they made it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really hope the film was not a big flop. It's a story about a young boy who is sent by his parents to a remote farm to help his Uncle, who is having a terrible winter and is worried about his health. He decides to help him by building a snowman out of rocks.  I don't know how this is going to be seen in a classroom. It is basically a story of a boy trying to help a disabled uncle out of his miserable winter, and a little boy building a little snowman that is a little too big and goes over the edge into the river.  The ending is a bit abrupt, but it's pretty simple to explain. The uncle has been complaining about how his son's snowman is growing bigger and bigger, but this is the most pointless thing he has said in a long time.  I think I'm done with this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've never seen a bad film.   This is bad!   The first half of the film is a bit better.  I like the characters.  The film is not well directed.  It's like a scene from a bad cartoon.  This film is nothing but a series of mishaps.  A guy has a girl in the car and then he takes a wrong turn and is thrown off a cliff.  If you don't like a bad car chase film, I don't know what to tell you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is about a couple of children who come across a giant squid, and try to bring it back to shore, while avoiding being eaten by it.  Unfortunately for them, they also have to deal with an angry, vengeful sea serpent who wants to eat them and their mother!  Not exactly the best of ideas, especially since the sea serpent turns out to be a gigantic octopus, so the story kind of suffers for its lack of creativity.   Rating:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I like this movie, but I feel like I was just watching a dumb movie with the worst acting, bad acting, and bad acting.   If you are looking for an easy way to pass the time, this is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is all about the main character who is a cop in a police force. He is a very good looking guy with a great personality. The film follows his everyday life and the events of the day. We follow his love life, which we see through a bunch of flashbacks of the past. It's very sad and sad and very funny at the same time.   Overall, this is an entertaining movie with great acting and a lot of good jokes.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first thing I want to say about this film is that it's an awful movie. This is the first movie I've ever seen that's worse than "The Evil Dead" and that's saying a lot.   I had no idea the movie would suck so bad and so fast.  The story starts off pretty well and you don't know why a woman with a gun is running around the woods.  This movie has no story and the only reason it exists is to have someone else's voice in it.  It starts out bad and the worst part is the ending.  I have never been so disappointed in a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I've ever seen.   I didn't care for it at all.  This is the most horrible movie I have ever seen in my life.  It was awful, just awful.  I had to take a shower after watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a terrible movie.   The plot is ridiculous:  The film starts out with a couple having a fight and the woman getting knocked out and her husband kills her.  She wakes up the next morning and is amazed that she is alive.  This goes on for about 3 hours, with nothing happening, nothing interesting.  A couple are on a date and are getting more and more into it, and then something happens that changes the whole date.  It goes from funny to not funny at all.  What really makes the movie bad is that the director, William Ritter, is a bad director.  There are no funny moments in this movie, just silly things happening.  If you like slapstick, this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In case you are not familiar with the classic 'The Sting', a classic example of American B-movie. A very bad movie with a bad script and a bad story.   This movie is about a man who's name is Sting.  I do not think he was an actor.  This is an American B movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The whole movie is very strange, but what's most interesting is that you're not sure how to take it.  I think it's probably one of the best science fiction films ever made."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've always liked the idea of the story but it just doesn't go anywhere.  It seems like there's no real reason to keep the characters in the movie other than to make them seem like they're in a movie.  I wish the director had put more effort into it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is about a young man who falls in love with a beautiful girl. Unfortunately, the young man has a very bad case of the "Mamma mia's." It's a movie that's not only silly, but is a lot of fun to watch.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad bad movie.  And not only is the movie bad, it's terrible.  I've never been much of a fan of the James Bond films.    The latest one has had me scratching my head since I was a little kid.  It's not bad in and of itself, but that's the problem.  There are so many things wrong with this movie that it would make a bad terrible movie that nobody would watch.  First off, the film is not as fast as the one in Casino Royale.  There's a whole lot more of that.  Then there's the plot.  The plot is bad, the story is bad.  Every scene that isn't a car chase is bad and I'm not even joking about that.   Finally, there's all of the stupid dialog.  This is a movie that has the same dialogue as a bad science fiction movie. It is not an action film, it is a story about a character who has a terrible past.  And it is bad in every way possible.  For a movie about a villain who has no motivation and a plot that is more ridiculous than a bad sitcom, I'm pretty sure the director has never watched a bad comedy.  One more thing:   This movie has a lot of terrible effects.  Like the cars crashing into the trees, that's a big no-no.  That, and the water going through the walls.  5/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half of this movie is a slow build up of the character of Jack (Jake Gyllenhaal) as he's taken from a life of crime, he is now a man with a family. However, Jack is a bit of a narcissist, he has a "I am the king of the world" attitude that is pretty irritating, the story isn't very interesting and I wouldn't want to see it again.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a piece of crap.  It is an abomination, it is not even a horror movie.  The movie starts with a young woman named Lucy who is kidnapped by a group of thugs, and her husband is found dead, the body is mutilated, and a group is following her.  I can not imagine why anyone would pay to see this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie absolutely horrendous. There is nothing in this movie worth watching. It is boring, predictable and poorly made. The story is poorly written, the acting is atrocious, the effects are atrocious and the acting just gets worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last ten minutes of this film were very boring. It was almost as if someone was just looking to see what they could get out of a poor-quality movie.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a big fan of movies like this.  The film is a poorly acted piece of nonsense that has no idea what it is trying to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    -I don't know why they had to call this one the "Worst Picture"   I found the movie very funny, but not a very good one.   It's like they were trying to do an action movie with a bad ending and a lot of "oh crap" moments. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was a bad film with no redeeming features.   It was a great idea that had a lot of potential but the execution was poor and the plot was bad.  The story centers around a guy who is about to lose his mind.  It is the day of a funeral and he has lost his girlfriend and is on the verge of losing his mind himself.  He's in a wheelchair and has to be carried in a stretcher.  His wife has just died and he is now totally consumed by his grief and has lost touch with reality.  This movie has all the makings of a good movie but it just never developed well.  There were plenty of potential plot points but they were never fully explored.  I was hoping that this film would be something with a more serious tone and be a fun movie.  Unfortunately, it was nothing of the sort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am disappointed in this film. The acting is very bad and the story is very poorly told.   The movie is supposed to be a psychological thriller, but in fact it is about a man who was an assassin. It is a typical western movie with a great set piece at the end, but it just feels so forced and rushed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not bad. Not bad at all. Not a bad flick at all, but it's not bad in a bad way, either. The cast are pretty good. The movie is a decent action flick, with some good gore. It's not really that good. It does have a good theme. The director should get a raise, he deserves it.  (3.5/10)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was excited to see this movie because it had the good reviews and it was a good looking movie. I liked the way it looked, it had some action scenes that were not over-the-top like other action movies, but that was the good thing about it. The main character was a pretty good looking guy with a good personality. The movie was about an ex-convict and his brother who are trying to get back at each other by stealing cars. The action scenes were good and there were some funny moments, although there were no real surprises in this movie. The music was not bad, but nothing special, but it was better than most action movies.   Overall, I enjoyed this movie a lot, but I think it was more of a comedy than a horror movie, I liked it, but there are some bad parts.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame that the movie was not really about the movie and more about the director, the film is like an animated film and the animation is pretty bad.  There are a lot of scenes where you can see how the director is influenced by American animation and the style of the film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The title of this film, "The Little Devil" may sound a bit over-the-top, but it's not a bad film at all.   In fact, it's a good film with a bad title, which is what I always find the most surprising about these films.  For one thing, I've never seen a bad action film like this.  In the film, a young boy (played by the great Gary Cooper) is kidnapped by a group of kidnappers who use him as a human sacrifice.  After that, a strange woman (played in a very creepy way by Mary Astor) comes to take over his body and take him to a place where he can be saved.  This woman is played by Marilyn Monroe, and while she isn't that scary, she's pretty evil, and we all know what happens when a woman is evil.  Also, the main character is played in a way that is just a little too old for this type of film, and is quite ridiculous in some ways.  As I mentioned before, this is a good movie, but I was really hoping that it was more like a good horror film.  But alas, it is not.  I'm giving this one a 4 out of 5.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad that I was actually surprised it didn't get an A- rating. It's a complete rip off of the movie The Room. I don't remember the name of the first scene, but I do remember the one where the girl has a stroke, and there is a guy who has to take care of her. He does a bad job. It doesn't take much to make a movie that bad. The movie takes itself way too seriously, and I thought it was kind of funny. I think it would have been better if it was about a girl who gets into an accident and a guy with a heart attack. That would have made it a little more fun. It was just a little too ridiculous for me.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm really sorry to tell you this but the movie is NOT a good movie and there are a few things wrong about it that should be fixed. I really think that this movie could have been better than the reviews say and even worse.   It started out as a really cool movie. A guy is in a submarine and he has a very bad case of claustrophobia so he's trapped in the submarine and is fighting to get out.  But as it turns out, the submarine has a problem and it's a pretty bad one. The submarine is stuck in the bottom of the ocean and it is constantly getting flooded and there is a constant storm that hits the submarine every night and it gets even worse during the day because the water level is higher and the storm gets stronger.  This submarine is not the best in the world, but the story was pretty cool. It has a really funny premise and a very original premise and that's really what matters.  It has some really good action scenes, some good acting, and some good humor.  And the story has a lot of good characters and a good sense of humor. But there are some really bad things in this movie and I'm going to talk about them now.  First of all, the movie has some horrible effects and the effects are awful. The guy is trapped in this claustrophic submarine and every time it's getting flooded, there is this terrible loud sound and he screams.  I really thought this movie was going to be a good one, but I was so wrong.  The movie was made in 1986 and it took two and a half years to make it.  That means it was only made when there was a budget that was $2 million or something like that.  So the budget is way too low for this movie to be good.  Even though the movie was filmed in 1986, it looks and sounds like it was made a decade earlier.  For instance, the opening credits are shown for a few seconds and the movie then cuts to black and the next scene is a shot of the submarine floating in the water.  If you don't know what I'm talking about, you're probably better off watching a different movie.  There are also a couple of scenes that are so bad that I'm just going to stop here.  You should really check out some of the other reviews about this movie, but there are just a few of them and most of them are
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am not really a horror fan, but I liked this film very much.   The story is a typical story with an over-the-top horror aspect to it.  It is very much a jump scare movie, and the best part is the character development in the movie.  If you like jump scares, then you should check this out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a little on the nose and a little predictable. I'm not sure how a little boy is going to make it through life. I know he's got a big heart and I love that about him. He's a good kid and I really liked the movie. The plot is just silly. The whole thing just seems to be a little too much like a cartoon or a cartoon strip.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an extremely lazy, unimaginative, and bad movie.  I could not care less about the story or the characters, I only cared about the stupid acting.   I think it was written by someone who thinks the only way to get attention is to make an idiot of themselves, and I suppose the only reason this movie was made is because a bunch of idiots would pay to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really bad movie.  The characters are annoying.    This movie has so much wrong with it.  The acting was not very good.  One of the main characters is a complete moron.  This would be a great movie if it had been made by a better director.  I have seen a lot of bad movies.  I can't believe that I just watched a movie called "Wreckage" I'm so disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like it! I like how it is a lot different than the other movies I have seen. I liked how the main character was a little more intelligent and had some fun with the story. It was a bit weird to see a movie about a dog. I hope the next one has a little bit more story in it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a movie about a little girl who has to save the town from the evil witch, who is also the evil queen. This is a movie where there is not a single real threat to the little girl, she is always in the right place at the right time, and if there is a real threat, she simply vanquishes it. The movie is filled with ridiculous things to do, such as the witch has to dress up as a lady, and the witch's son is sent to school. It is also filled with the usual stuff, like the witch getting caught in the rain. It was very boring and boring.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies where you get what you pay for, at least that is how it works for me. The movie is set in a prison that is being used for medical experiments, but not all of the inmates are good people, like in most prison movies, except for one. I am not sure why the director was trying to make me hate this character. I mean he is the most unlikable person ever.  I mean what is he doing? He just sits there with his hat on and a towel around his head and does nothing but sit there and act like he does not care what is happening around him.  He has a wife who is very good looking, I mean come on, she could be a nurse and be even better looking. He has an adopted son who he is very protective of. He even has a job as a bus driver.  This guy is just a loser and I wish he would go away.  There is a very brief flashback to a woman named Michelle who is a bad person.  It seems she had been trying to kill the doctors who are running the experiment. She killed a doctor by cutting off his finger.  She then cut off a patient's foot with a pair of scissors and threw it in a toilet.  What kind of person does that?  She was so mad that she got into a fight with the other inmates who are trying to escape, and when the fight started, she cut her wrist.  Well now, this is getting ridiculous, what was she going to do, kill everyone in the prison?  Well she didn't, but she ended up being killed by the other inmate who had been hiding in a closet.  Now here is the interesting part.  Michelle was killed by a man she was going to be helping, a doctor named Dr. Langer.  The doctor was trying on a new set of gloves and was looking for a patient.  While he was looking, Michelle came out of a closet and killed him. He was going into the room with the gloves, when she entered the room and cut his neck.  Wow, a really sad story, and a pretty gruesome death.  But that is not the only thing that made this movie really bad.  When the other two inmates escape the prison, Michelle tries to run away too, but a guard picks her up and brings her to the police station.  All this time she was supposed to be the bad guy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was boring as hell. It's basically a rehash of the first film, but with an all-star cast. It had a decent cast in it, but I felt the film was missing something.  The most boring thing I've seen in a long time: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The bad guys are so bland and stupid, I'm glad the film has such an awesome ending.  This was a great ride from start to finish. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I've ever seen. It's so bad it's funny.   A bunch of high school students go to an abandoned building to have a sleepover. The kids decide to have sex on the floor in front of a closed door. The door opens and there is a dead body lying on the ground. This is the most awful thing I've seen in a long time. I had to watch it with a smile on my face, it made me laugh so hard.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well this is a story about a group of friends who are being played by a bad actor. This bad actor is playing the lead role, and it is really bad. I have never seen a movie so bad, and I have seen the best movies of all time. This movie does not need to be on your DVD collection. I do not recommend this movie at all, and the rating is an an F, it is a bad, bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a waste of time and money. It is nothing more than a re-enactment of a scene from a Hollywood western. The actors, all very much the same, try their damndest to recreate the movie. I guess I am too old to care about this, but a movie like this needs to be seen to be believed. I think a lot of people who are watching this movie don't have any idea what it is about, or what the point of it is.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a good example of what we could do with a "gimmick" movie like this one, but the story itself is terrible and there's really no reason to watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an old-fashioned old-timey western, the kind of movie that you remember from your youth and that you'll still be thinking about years later.    There is plenty of violence, some blood, and a few interesting characters, and even though there is a bad guy, the good guys are almost always right. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a disappointment this movie is.   It's like watching a film with no dialogue, or one where there is no story.  It just kind of gets to the point, then gets boring, then it ends with a really lame cliffhanger.  This is a movie that just seems to exist to add a little something extra to the list of "awful movies." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have nothing against the movie itself. It's just that it's so bad.   It's supposed to be about an old woman who is trying to raise her grandson.  It has one of the most annoying soundtracks I have ever heard, and is full of bad acting.  The ending is a bit contrived and has a really bad twist at the end.  I'm sure it was made with a lot of money, but I just can't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I know it sounds like a joke but I just finished a screening of a documentary on the rise and fall of the American music scene. It was all a bit anticlimactic and I can't really remember the names of most of the people in it.   One of the few musicals to make it to the big screen, this was a fairly forgettable film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this movie on a whim. I wanted to see a movie about a guy who makes a deal with a demon to bring it back to life. Well, the movie turned out to be a mess. There is not a single character in this movie that I would like to see again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a bad film.  It's got all the tropes of the '80s action film. It has bad acting, it has bad action scenes, it's got a plot that has nothing to do with anything, and it has a bunch of characters that are basically just there to act and talk.  The bad actors:   The lead actor is pretty bad.    He's played by a guy named Joe Pantoliano.  He has a bad accent and a bad acting style, but he does have the charm to play a bad guy.  His other co-stars are pretty good as well.  They all do their own thing, and they're all given the opportunity to be funny, and to be in on the jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a bad comedy. It is not funny. It does not have anything to say. The film is completely pointless. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I would not recommend this movie to a family member, unless he wants to see the worst of the worst in all the films he sees.   This movie should be called "I saw that movie on the internet, I was just like 'Wow, that was a horrible movie!'"  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is terrible. The director's choice of songs were not great. There is nothing good about this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really like the film and I think it's an enjoyable movie.   The plot seems to be about a family that has two sons, the eldest is the youngest of seven children.  His brother is the oldest of eight and has been raised by a very strict mother.  They both are very much in love with each other.  The father is also very much interested in his wife.  I thought this was a pretty good movie. I thought the writing was good.  If you like old west and westerns, I recommend this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a movie about a young boy and his dog who go to an old lady's house and they make out.  That's about it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is an odd movie and it makes me feel uncomfortable and confused.  I just don't see how you can make a movie about a man who wears a mask, makes no sound, and is covered in blood.  The movie is not good at all.    It just seems like someone just watched a video on how to make a bad horror movie and decided to make it.      I don't think it was a well made movie, but I'm glad I watched it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm really disappointed with this movie. It was made to be seen in the theater by families, so it's not very good, and the special effects aren't very good. The acting is not good either. I felt like this movie was made by a bunch of kids who were bored, so they made a bad film. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know why, but I like this movie: there is nothing special about it. It's not even a good horror movie: it's a movie that tries to be scary, but it's just silly.   There are two characters: the protagonist, David, is a little boy who dreams about his dead father. And then there's the mother: she's an ugly woman who is constantly telling David to do things. But there's also something else that's strange about this movie. The plot is actually really simple. David's father is dead, and he is being buried alive. But David has a trick up his sleeve: he puts a little red plastic bag over his head, and then he climbs into a coffin and goes on a picnic with his mother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As you can see in the trailer, this movie is really awful, but it was a movie about a little girl that got caught in a horrible train accident, and her only hope was a strange little creature who she thought was her friend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the kind of stupid, low budget, low quality trash movie that gets made in the U.S. for a couple of bucks. If you're an old school horror junkie like me you can probably appreciate this. It's a film made for cheap laughs.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half of this movie has a fairly predictable feel. The story is the same, as are the characters. The movie is so poorly acted that I actually found myself laughing at one point. I think the script has a lot to learn.   This movie was made in the early 60's, so it's a little dated. That doesn't stop the cast from being funny, or from acting well. It's not a bad film by any means, but it's certainly not good either. The acting isn't bad, but there's not much in it. This is probably a good time for a laugh, but not a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So, this was just another forgettable flick that was just there to have a good time with a couple of buddies.   It had the standard tropes that is the "man from another planet" meets the "alien", but the bad acting was terrible, the music was cheesy, and the effects were bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a very bad movie.   If you don't like movies about bad people in bad movies then you should not watch this movie. If you are expecting a good movie about bad characters then you are sadly mistaken. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's bad, bad, BAD! It's a really bad movie, and really bad CGI, and a lot of weird stuff that looks like a weird joke or something that a kid made up in his imagination to amuse himself. It's not even funny; it's really weird and the movie just keeps getting weirder and weirier.  Posted by John M at 5:41 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first time I saw this movie, I was expecting it to be a good one. I was wrong. I would never recommend this to anyone. I did not expect it to have a good ending, but I was glad that it did. I think it is a really good movie with a bad ending.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had never heard of this movie before it came out in 1993. I found it to be a very dull movie with an uninteresting story. It has a strange soundtrack with some very bizarre sound effects, including a man singing about a girl in a car with a baby in the backseat. I was looking forward to seeing the movie again, but unfortunately, it is over after three hours.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you are a fan of science fiction, then I recommend watching this movie with the subtitles in order to understand what's going on. This movie is very bad, very poorly made, and has the worst story I have ever seen. The only good thing about this movie is the "space-shooter" part. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie that is nothing more than a movie about a crazy guy. It is not funny or a good movie. It has some good music but it is so cheesy and cheesy it is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was very good, but then again, I don't see too many good movies made these days. I like the idea of a group of people that don't like each other. I just don't get the point of the movie.  It seems to be a love story between the guys that all think they are better than the other guy, but all end up having the same problem: they don't want to do anything because they don.t want to have to deal with each other all the time.  The bad movie rating:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As the title implies, this movie is a train wreck.   It's hard to imagine a train-wreck that is more over-the-top, ridiculous, stupid, and pointless.  I think it would be more appropriate to call it a trainwreck that takes place in the mind of a crazy person. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it was a cool movie. I liked the whole movie, except the ending. I mean, it wasn't bad, but it was pretty lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What I have to say about this film is that it's an insult to all cinema. I just want to say that I am very surprised with the film that's being made. The only thing that's not bad is the acting, that's why I gave it three stars.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So far I have been unable to find an  film I haven't liked. I am always interested in the films that are being made by a certain director, it is a given that he will make a good movie. He has never made a bad one and he never will. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I loved the first movie so much. The second movie was an obvious attempt to get the story back on track, which is great, except the characters in the story are completely bland. I can't imagine why they didn't just use a single actor to play the character of Marge Gunderson.   The movie has a very catchy theme song that is not as catchy as the first one, but it works for the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a good example of bad writing, bad acting, bad direction, and bad acting. The movie doesn't make a single good or even interesting point about any of its characters or the movie itself. This is just a bad story about bad people and bad ideas.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film begins with an interesting montage of some old-time movie clips.  It seems that this is one of those films where the movie was shot by one camera and then edited by another camera.    I like the old-style editing.    It seems like the movie takes place in the old west, and there are several shots of people riding horses, walking in the hills, and riding across the plains.  The only thing that I really liked about the movie is the voice of William S. Hartman.  As for the characters, we have a cowboy named Bill and his partner, a woman named Laura.  Laura is an excellent actress.  Bill is the most incompetent cowboy in the history of the world.  He is an ex-con who has a problem with women, and he is in love with Laura. The problem is that Bill is an idiot and his love for Laura is a problem.  When he first sees Laura, he is excited, but she has a face that says "I don't want you to come over here".   The rest of the movie seems to be a struggle to convince Bill that he can be with Laura if he can get over his problem with her.  As the story progresses, we learn that Bill has a good heart and that he is capable of learning.  However, his inability to learn means that he does not make the most of his chance to make the right move with Laura, and this leads to a disaster.  What makes the movie even worse is that Laura and Bill are just not good together.  While they are trying to make love, Laura does not take care of Bill.  It is a pity that she does not try to teach Bill to do the right thing.  They do have a scene where they are making love and there is a little boy watching.  Then Laura turns to him and asks him to join in the fun.  There is nothing wrong with this scene, but there is no reason why Laura should invite a child to be part of their lovemaking.  This is a movie that seems to have been shot for the sake of being a good western, but it has no redeeming qualities. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a pretty good movie, but it's also a pretty bad movie. The plot has an obvious, but not very deep, "this is a really bad movie about a really stupid thing" feel. The characters are a little flat and the dialogue is pretty much non-existent. It's mostly just a bunch of people doing some stupid shit.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I never liked this movie very much.   It was a bit slow and it didn't even have a very good story to tell.  If you like a movie like this that has no plot to speak of, you are probably going to like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it is a terrible movie that could have been so much better, I am so sorry for this horrible movie and I hope you see a better movie out there in the world.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big fan of these guys and I was disappointed when I watched this.  The acting was bad and the story was bad.    I did not enjoy this at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad bad movie.  I'm not kidding when I say that.  It's just that I can't stop thinking about it.    I can honestly say that I didn't know how bad this movie was until the end.  There's not a single good scene in this movie.     The only good thing about this movie is the horrible acting.  I mean, some of the actors just seem to come out of the blue.  Even the lead, Michael McKean is just so stiff that I couldn't tell if he was a cop or a serial killer.  The writing is just awful.  When it's supposed to be funny it's not.  And there's not even a single scene of actual suspense.  This movie has to be in the "Dumb Movie" category.  If you have a big screen TV, you might want to get it while you still can. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you have the misfortune of being a young American in a foreign country, you need to know this: there are people who will not accept you for who you are. If you happen to be one of those people, you should know the world is not a kind place. There are people like this everywhere.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a young boy who is a bit of a freak. His father is a very sick man who suffers from a fatal disease. One day he gets sick and dies, leaving the young boy to live alone in a hospital. He spends his time playing the piano, reading books, and doing other things that most of the people in the hospital have been doing for decades. But that's not the worst part. The young boy is also a freak, as in, very mentally unstable. He is obsessed with a girl, who's name is Marcy. He also has an obsession with a young woman, named Betty. But his obsession goes beyond just these two women. He has an unusual obsession with his pet rabbit. His obsession is so strong that he will kill and eat anything that he thinks might be related to the woman he is obsessed over. In fact, the woman is only related to him by a common first name. As a result of this obsession, the young girl has a terrible fear of Marcy and his other obsession. He wants to kill her, and he's willing to hurt anyone that might be close to her. It's almost as if he's a vampire. I wouldn't recommend this movie to the general public. It doesn't really give off any kind of a "cool" vibe. It really just shows that a man with a mental disorder can become a total psycho. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this a few years ago and it was a very bad movie, but it did show a different side to the story that we have seen in the other movies.  It shows the horrors of war and the brutality of war in a very realistic way.   The story line is simple, but the movie is very much a masterpiece. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was a terrible piece of garbage.   It was not funny.  It felt very fake.  The characters were completely uninteresting.  I hate movies like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have any kind of a pulse, you know that this movie is an insult to all the people who went to see this movie.  They got what they deserved.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a good movie and I like it, but there is a lot of bad jokes.  I'm not sure why there are so many bad jokes in this movie.  It is hard to find any jokes in it.  I wish the movie was better.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this as a kid on TV with my family, and it is the only movie I've seen that was ever funny. I loved it. It was good.  It was good, but it was a lot better than I remembered.  "This is how we do it." The film takes place in the 1970's, where the "Bubbles" are a famous duo of bouncers in a club called "The Village."  It's about a bunch of bouncer-bros who decide to form their own club and start a new career.  One of the bouncers is a hulking, red-headed, steroid-fueled, muscle-bound, power-hungry, over-sexed, drunken, and utterly obnoxious young man named "Red" who spends most of the film looking like a huge, buffed up, redneck version of a certain late 70's bad boy, the "Mr. T."  The movie has a good sense of humor, and is funny throughout.  The "Bubs" have a variety of catchphrases that keep the film from being boring.  They include:  "Don't mess with a Red!"  "Bust a Red in a Redneck!"   I'm sure that you've seen this one before.   This is a very good movie, and there are a few "Bobs" (in a good movie) that make it even better.  It has a lot of great scenes and a good cast of characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was looking for a nice family movie that didn't involve the same old characters.   A good story and good acting, but there's not much else going on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a good movie. It is a poorly written bad movie, with an uninteresting story, bad acting, and poor pacing. It has a lame villain, an uninspired plot, and a cast of characters that don't come to life. This is what I call a bad time. The only reason I gave it 3 stars is because I think it's one of the better horror movies of the 1990's.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is a lot wrong with this movie, and I can't get through it.   I mean, there is no plot, it has no message, it's just a bunch of weird people in a weird setting.  This is not a good movie at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of the movie is nothing special, it doesn't even try to get to the second half.  I was disappointed that the movie was released the same day as The Crow  so I had to watch The Crow as well, but that didn't make up for the film's lack of quality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an interesting movie, but I think it would have been better if it had been filmed in color. It's not too bad, but the acting is terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was watching this movie last night after I was done watching the other two movies. The other movies are all about how bad the world is and how the best and most powerful men in it all seem to be just as bad. They're so bad in this movie, I was thinking it was a parody of all the bad movies that were being made in the early 1970's.   When I started this movie I was expecting the worst, I mean who doesn't want to see a movie where all the men in the movie have to work together to save the world from the evil that's at its core.  And that's what the movie is.  This is a movie about how the men of the world are so bad that when they're not working together they're all going to get killed.  So what we have is a bunch of men who have to take a group of people from their town who are trapped in a building and then somehow get them out.  The people in the group are: a girl, a boy, a woman who has a baby, and a man who is a thief.  All of these people have to be saved by these men.  I loved this movie.  It was so bad I was laughing throughout the entire movie. It was bad, but it was really bad.  If you liked this movie then you should also check out the others from the trilogy:  - The Three Stooges  - Three Stoogs 2 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very old fashioned, yet enjoyable film about an old man that wants to find a new adventure in life. There is a lot of fun in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In case it isn't clear:  This is a very bad movie.  The movie's sole purpose is to showcase a series of extremely silly events.  There are two main characters:  The titular "Mr. T." is a fictional character.  This character is a kind of an anthropomorphic "lobster".  Mr. T. is a guy who lives with his mother.  He lives with a woman named "Lolly" and a dog named "Gordo".  In the movie, Mr. Lolly is an alcoholic and is in the throes of a nervous breakdown.  Her husband, Mr T. has an affair with a young woman.  Gordo is a dog.  Lolly has a baby with the man, who turns out to be Mr T.'s father.  In order to get his daughter back, Mr Lolly tries to seduce Mr T., who doesn't like the idea.  It's clear from the beginning that this is a movie designed to get you laughing.  A "bad movie" is a bad idea that can't be repeated in a movie theatre.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard. It's a really funny movie, it's the best animated movie of the year, but I don't understand why so many people are not happy about it. The movie's a bit slow paced, and doesn't really go anywhere, it does however contain the funniest jokes I've ever seen. It is a very strange movie, the story is really weird, there's a kid who wants to be a superhero, but he's not even good at it. He's got this amazing power, and he can control electricity, but the problem is that he can't control it correctly. It also contains a good amount of violence, some of the best I've seen in a movie. The ending is a bit too obvious though, it just seems to end with the guy dying.   There are some very funny jokes here, and there are some moments of genuine heart. It has a great cast of characters, and it has some great voice work, the animation is really nice. The story is not very good though, and that's what really makes it a bad film. I'm glad it's not really any good, and I'm sad it's being used to promote a new movie, because I don' t see how a bad animated movie can be good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm giving this movie a D+, it's just that bad. It's a bad time and I think it was made for a cheap laugh. I don't know what else to say except that you don't have to be a comedy writer to see this movie is funny as fuck.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What do you get when you add the most terrible acting to a bad script?  A bad movie.  In the most horrific way.  This is the most gruesome movie I've ever seen.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, this is not a good movie at all. There are some things I like about it. It is a good way to kill time between two movies and it is a fun film to watch with a good cast. I would say this is an American version of The Black Stallion but without the gore and blood.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a bad bad movie. The writing is awful. The plot is not very good either. It is about a girl that goes to a hotel and gets a job at a hotel. And then, this movie is about the girl, and the job she has. It really makes no sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts off well enough.  After a short introduction, a couple of girls are sitting on a bench at a park and talking about their plans for the weekend.  They talk about their "date" and then they start talking about the movie "Poseidon's Mistress"    "The movie is about a very horny, naked woman in a very hot movie."   Then the two women get on the ground and start to have sex.   Afterward, the girl on the left is very upset because her boyfriend has left her for another woman.  The girl on his right is a bit more interested in the movie and has no problems with the nudity.  And then the girl in the middle says that she is actually the one who is going to fuck the guy in the center.  But the guy is still very confused about his new lover.  What happens next is not pretty.  When the girl has finished, she walks to the man on the right and asks him to fuck her.  After a brief exchange, the man says that he is in a relationship and doesn't really want to have an orgasm.  So she says she is going for an orgasm anyway.  She pushes him down on the bench and has an orgasm right in front of him.  I didn't think I would like this movie.  In fact, I didn' t like it at all.  This movie is like a bad reality TV show.  It has the same type of "reality" feel to it that "The Naked Gun" has, and the dialogue is the same as in the other films.  Also, the scene where the man is about to have his own orgasm was kind of annoying, because the movie keeps going on and on about what they are doing, and then at the end of it, they start having sex again.  If this movie had been on a different channel of cable, I might have found it enjoyable.  Still, I think it is better than some of the other crappy porno movies that I have seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I thought the plot was interesting and the ending was good. However, the acting was horrible. It wasn't even funny and I am not a comedy fan. The ending was so stupid I just sat there and said "Oh... well..."   This is a very bad movie. It was made by a man who should know better than to make a movie like this.   Do yourself a favor and don't waste your time watching this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was boring and predictable. I couldn't get over how little the story was about. The lead character, who was supposed to be a hero, got no screentime. The only time she did something heroic was when she got the lead out of a trap and rescued him from an evil queen. I thought she was supposed be a real badass. But even then, I was disappointed.  I guess I shouldn't have expected too much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think I will just leave this review to the film and movie critics.   There are a few good moments, and one very bad scene that does not need to be included.   …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a great way to end a bad film.   It has a terrible plot and characters that do not work, it does not have a good ending and is a poor film. It will not win any awards. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title says it all.  It's about a young girl who is raped by a man who comes to her school.  I'm not even going to get started on the horrible acting, especially in the scenes involving the rapist. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you want to see a movie that is so bad it's good then this is the movie for you! It has a good script and an amazing star cast!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This was supposed to be the worst movie I've ever seen.   But it's the most enjoyable    I've had in awhile. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the last film by Wes Anderson that I liked. The acting is weak, the direction is terrible, and the special effects are so bad that they actually make the film look like a bad joke. Anderson has made a bad film, a film that's a sad commentary on the life of a celebrity who has everything, but nothing. He gets a little bit more done with the material in this film than he did in "Rushmore", and while it's not a bad flick, it's definitely not a good one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't know if the name is "Das Boot" means anything to you.   The title says "The End of the Beginning" but you could also say it means "The end of the beginning of the end".   It's a movie about two characters who don't quite make it in the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well... the good:  -The movie is funny, like a bad cartoon.  -They made a good movie about a guy who lives with his dad in the woods and who has to find a way to get home.  The bad:  -The movie was shot on film, but it is shot like a video game.   -This is a movie about some kids from out of town who come to the town and stay with the family. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film about a girl who has a "boyfriend" named Johnny. I had never heard of the movie before I saw it. I didn't even know there was a Johnny before this. What I did find out was that this film was made in England. There is a lot of violence and sex in this film. There was a scene where Johnny was getting beat up and then they have sex. That was about it. It was really not that good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie was good but the acting was terrible. The director of this movie should be ashamed of himself.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie does not have a plot. It has nothing to do with the real world.   I would like to ask the creators of this movie: If there is a god and there is no God, who is it that controls the world?   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies ever made, I don't know what the hell this movie is about, the only thing it's about is the main characters fucking and being grossed out. They have sex, they're not even really naked, they get some semen on their boobs and face, and they get really grossed up when it happens, and then they do it again a couple times. It's so stupid and awful and I hate this movie, I hate it so much. It would have been better if it had been about a guy that had sex with his girlfriend, not his mom.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good movie, but there are too many plot holes and bad acting to recommend it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge fan of the Harry Potter series. I have read every book in the series and loved it all. I am not much of a fan of horror movies. I'm not much into the occult or the supernatural. I just don't get it. But I loved this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was great, I mean, it's a funny movie. It's about a man who is trying to make his way to the top. But as soon as he gets there, his family starts to move out. So he moves in with a woman he doesn't know and the man and woman are trying to raise a child. This film has a great story line, and there is some great acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a very strange movie. I think it was made for the sole purpose of making money. It doesn't make any sense. There's a group of people that are trying to find out what the deal is with this mysterious and mysterious looking man who's not doing any good for them. I'm going to give it a 4. It was a really strange movie, but I'm sure it would make an interesting film to watch.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had this movie on my DVD shelf for years until it was given away at the end of the third season of the TV series. I was glad to see that it was remade in 2012, though the new "movie" is just a re-creation of the same basic story, with no real new material. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this movie for the first time on a Saturday night and I had a horrible time. The movie starts off with a very long shot of a street in Paris, Paris, France. The camera goes all over the place, it is an extremely long shot that takes forever to get to the action and the rest of the movie takes place in the apartment of a very rich guy. This guy lives in a nice home, has an expensive car and a very nice home. His wife is in the picture, a beautiful woman who is married to another man. She is very pretty, but the other man is really a sleaze. The other man has a huge cock and is a very big cocksucker. I have seen movies where the guy is a huge cocksucking loser who is a horrible person and his wife has the hots for him. This is one of those movies. The guy has a very small cock and he is not a very attractive person. I could have spent a whole afternoon with this guy and I would have loved it. The second half of the film is about a couple who get engaged. The wife and the other guy get married and she gets pregnant. They go to a wedding and then it is back to the apartment and a party. The mother of the kid gets very upset about it and it is obvious that she is going to be a terrible mother. I found this movie very disgusting and I thought it was really bad. I was not a fan of this movie at all. I do not think I could watch this movie again. I am very disappointed with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a very bad movie. The movie tries to be good, but it falls far short. The only good thing about the movie is that they did try to make the movie interesting. It wasn't good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I've ever seen, I'm afraid. I can't remember how long it lasted, but I don't think there was any real suspense in it. It was just a bunch of weird people acting out some weird things. The ending was weird, too. And the ending was even more bizarre than the rest of the movie.   If you like weird movies and weird people and weird movies, this is for you. I'm not sure why I watched it, but it was fun.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to describe how poorly acted this is.  The entire movie is about the death of a friend and a mother who tries to protect him.  I feel that the movie is a great tragedy, but it's also an epic melodrama.    I have never seen a more beautiful movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an over-rated movie. The story is bad and the plot is so far out that there's really no way to get into it, although I'm sure there are a few people out there who will try to find a way in.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this one with my wife last weekend at the theater and the story, which I found rather boring and unoriginal, did not do much for me.  The only thing that made me laugh was when the bad guy had to run to a toilet to pee.   What else is there to say about this movie:   This was not a bad film but it was certainly not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away...   It's hard to describe the feeling of being in a movie that is so horrible that even when I watched it I was reminded of the scene in "The Big Lebowski" where Jeff Bridges walks out of a bar and then into the bathroom to piss while the camera pans to show him looking disgusted with himself.   In a movie like this the first time you see it, you wonder what the hell is going on and then you see the next scene and your face falls off because it's so bad.  I guess that's why the movie is called "Sickness of the Universe."  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not expecting much of a movie.  What I got instead was a terrible movie. I was expecting a movie about a little boy who is being chased by a tiger, and he has to make a get away.    Instead, he is followed by the worst director in Hollywood history.  He makes the tiger seem like a friend, and then when the little boy does something stupid, the tiger lets him have it.  I was not laughing.  The poor kid gets beat up, and the only saving grace is the fact that the tiger is only there to scare him.  There is not a lick of comedy in this movie, and it would be a great idea to see a professional movie critic in a cage with a tiger. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought this movie was horrible and very dull. It took a long time for this movie to get going. The film had a lot of dialogue. I was not impressed with the acting. It was pretty awful. The lead character was not even a good person. The bad guy was very boring. The best part of this movie is the ending which was very sad and very slow.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I know a lot of people who have seen this movie and are going to give it 4 stars because it's a really funny movie, a great movie, but it's not really good.   It's just a really stupid movie.  The story follows a group of guys in a bar who are trying to pick up chicks.  They have to wait in line and they have to be on their best behavior in order to get laid.  The guys get drunk and get into a bar fight.  It starts off ok, but there's really nothing funny about it.  One of the guys gets hit in the head with a beer can and is paralyzed from the neck down.  I found that the only way to get laughs from this movie was to laugh at the terrible acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just bad.  The only thing that was good about it was that it did a decent job of being a horror movie.    The bad part about this movie is that it is just bad and there is not a single good thing about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The bad guy is an ex-CIA man named George. George's wife died when he was a young man and he became a cop. He is a big, fat, balding, stupid asshole. He has the authority to kill a child, but he has to get a warrant because he's under 24-hour surveillance. So, he gets a warrant and then goes out and murders a child. The movie does not have a moral. There's nothing at stake, the bad guy does whatever he wants to do and the police is there to make sure that he does not get away with it. There is no drama. There isn't a single point of view. I don't know what the point of the movie is. It's just a dumb movie about an idiot.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A terrible, awful movie that has ruined my childhood forever. The whole movie is a pile of shit. I never saw the original series, but I heard good things about it, so I figured I'd see if this was worth watching. It is absolutely awful. I could never enjoy this at all.   I'd hate to give this a 4, but a 3 would be more than fair. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about this movie is the ending.  It's just a quickie ending to a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an atrocious movie, and if you're not a horror fan you probably won't like it either. I think I've watched this film twice already and still can't get over the sheer awfulness of it. It's a cheap exploitation film that only has the barest resemblance to being a horror movie, with an evil clown, a killer clown, and a zombie-lover named Fred (who is played by the equally-ridiculous Jack White), and a group of people in a haunted house, including a couple named Penny and Charlie. This movie is not funny and doesn't make me laugh. If I could give it zero stars I would.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The whole movie is a bad idea. This movie is about two guys that are in love with each other and want to get married.   However, a demon tries to convince them that they are in fact not in love and they should break up.  This movie should be called "The Two Guys That Love Each Other Too Much and Need to Break Up."   It's not a very good movie but the acting is pretty good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with the following dialogue:  "Why did the Lord God make man in the first place?" "To be a companion to his maker."    "And God said, 'Behold man, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.'"     "Did he give them every herb?"   "Every herb bearing the seed of the herb of man, and of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil."     "Was he not a companion?"    Yes.    He had given man the tools necessary to do his job, the tools which allowed him to live in peace and harmony with the rest of the animals.   This movie, then, is about a man (Miles) who has given himself a new purpose.  This purpose is to be the best hunter in the world.  In the meantime, the people around him have their own problems, and their own beliefs, and they are not exactly like Miles.  I am sorry that this movie is not better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A boring story that only served to keep me away from the film for the remainder of my viewing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I know I should be pleased. I know I have seen this before. I love horror. I was surprised by this one. I thought it was funny. I don't think it was scary. It was too short and too easy to watch. If you have a cheap, bad film, then this is the one to watch and laugh at. I'm not sure why it is called "The House of Wax". I'm sure there was a great house in the 1950's and then it was destroyed by the fire department. It has to be the same house now. I bet the owners of the house can't be too happy about it. I like how the title is a reference to a famous horror movie "House of Wax" starring the famous actress Shelley Winters.   The best thing about this movie is the opening. It is short and sweet and really good. It starts with the voice of the narrator. It gives you a taste of the old horror movies and the feeling that they were actually made a long time ago. I loved it. This is a movie that reminds me of a bad dream I once had when I was very young. I can't remember the title of the movie but I think it is "A Nightmare on Elm Street"   Now let's get to the movie. There is a character that I can not identify at all. She seems to be a child and is being taken care of by an old woman. I think they are sisters or something. They seem to be playing a game with the little girl and they put the little child on a bed and then they put on some strange music and they show the little little girl a movie. I guess this is a child's nightmare movie. This kid looks like a doll and is a real dummy. I found it interesting that the movie was shot in the 1980's. I've heard of this movie before. They even use a character from the movie "Gremlins" as a little girl. I wonder if this is really a good movie. The kid is so much smaller than I expected. It looks like this little girl is only about a year old. I find it strange that the little woman would not be in her mid 40's. There was a time when women did not make as much money as they do now. They made less money back then. There are some really bad people in this movie. Some of the bad people that you would think would be more frightening than the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I mentioned in my last review, I found myself very disappointed by this movie. The story is terrible, it's really poorly written, the characters are ridiculous and boring, and the acting is very bad. It's a very poorly acted movie with very bad acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are not afraid of your own mortality, then I have no words to describe this film. The first time I saw this movie was at a film festival in Italy, and the entire audience was crying.  The ending was even worse, as the film played with the audience, with the characters and with the music.    The movie is not funny and it does not have a happy ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a total disappointment.   It's got everything a bad horror movie should have: a boring plot, a stupid villain, and a boring heroine.  The badness doesn't end there.    The plot is very poorly conceived.  It starts out like the classic story of an evil wizard who is able to steal souls by taking over a body.  But it's not just that.  After taking over the body, he also decides to make his living as a vampire.  There is a twist in the plot, though.  First he tries to get rid of the evil priest, and the priest turns him into a vampire instead.  Then he uses the power of the body to go on a killing spree, until he finds that he can't kill anymore because he's killed so many people he's sick of killing.  So he gives up, and leaves his body in the care of a kindly old woman.  We then have the evil wizard's wife, who is really a witch, and who is trying to take over the wizard's body.   And then we have the bad guy himself, the "magical negro" (not really), who is supposed to be the bad magician.  He is played by a guy named Charles Martin Smith, and he is terrible.  Smith plays the role of a stereotypical bad guy.  And his accent is not bad, but Smith is very bad, and I really couldn't stand him.  I had to sit through the movie twice just to make sure that he was really the bad bad guy that he seems to be.  What made the movie even worse is the casting of the good magician.   The good magician was played by Peter O'Toole, and as the film progressed he grew even worse and worse.  This is even worse when you realize that O'Howle was the first choice for the role.  However, the producers decided to replace him with someone else.  Which brings us to the worst part of the film: the bad magic!   What makes the badness even worse are the spells used in this film.  Some of them were very creative and imaginative.  Others were pretty lame.  None of them made any sense at all.  In a scene where the bad wizard is trying out a spell to make a giant spider (it was supposed to look like a cobra) go away, he uses an orb of fire.  Instead of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a great film. It is fun, it is clever, it has some interesting ideas, and it is a really enjoyable movie to watch. I would recommend it. I only wish the actors had done more to show how they really felt.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some good scenes in this movie, but the ending is not really great.  If you are a fan of the movie "Walt" then this is a must watch.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I saw this I knew I'd never want to see another film by this guy.  I don't even know how he does it.  I mean, there are many reasons he's a great director.  He's a master story teller.  His ability to create a believable world is astounding.  And his acting is superb.  But it is his style of editing that is his greatest strength.  The editing in this film is simply beautiful.  This is a film that you will watch again and again.    It is one of those films where the plot is so convoluted and the twists are so unexpected that the film can be enjoyed at a distance.  Even if you have no interest in this subject matter there are enough great moments in this movie that will bring you back to this great director again and with new appreciation for what he does. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst of the worst. The story follows a bunch of criminals who kidnap the daughter of a rich guy and take her to a secluded place. There they force her to watch them have sex with her. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't even want to talk about this movie.  There is not a single moment that is remotely enjoyable.    It's a generic slasher flick with no originality, with the same "plot" from the last five slashers.  I would like to see a sequel to this movie, but I wouldn't be surprised if they decided to keep the same name and make another version. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this film in the early 1990s when it was being released in the US. This was a remake of the 1971 film of the same name. It was a fairly good movie, but it has one of the most egregious plot holes in all of movies history. It seems that a bunch of college kids get together and decide to rob a bank. They go through the motions, but in the process, one of them loses his shoe. So, one guy takes a step towards the bank and when he reaches it, he slips on a rock and falls down a deep hole. But, as it turns out, he has to crawl back to the surface by his own strength!   Well, that's the plot. What's so bad about it?   The problem with this movie is that it was made in a completely different time. The script, dialogue and acting were all done by different people. The story of the film was very much like a bad B-movie, and it was full of bad jokes. It has a very cliche plot, which was probably created to be as cheap and obvious as possible.   It's a good movie for the time period it was released in. It is funny and well made. It probably holds up well in today's audience, although there are several more cliches and bad jokes than I remembered when I first saw it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a short movie, but it's a great short movie: It's a fun little movie: You could be a little boy and be scared of everything: I was afraid of everything when I was little: The story is a little funny: It was a great movie: I'm not too sure if I will ever get around to watching the entire movie:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's bad.  That's the best way to put it.    If you are expecting a good time, don't come here.  The worst thing about it is that it makes you hate the film and the actors in it. I have to say that I had high hopes going into this movie.  I thought it would be a very different take on the story, and I was not disappointed.  There is not one scene in this movie that I found entertaining.  It's just another boring story that is really nothing more than a way to pass the time.  My only problem with this movie is that I am sick of it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is so bad I have never seen anything as bad as this.   It is a very bad movie, and you can tell that it is not a good movie by the very first shot.  It has no plot at all, nothing really to it.  And I mean nothing.  There is a woman who is in love with the guy, and she is going to marry him.  She is a virgin, and the guy wants to have sex with her.  But he has a problem, his penis is too big for her. So he takes some money from her and gives it to her father, and he tells her father that he wants her to marry the guy who is bigger than her. Now that is not good.  Now I am not saying that she does not love him, I am saying that this is a bad idea.  The first scene is bad, the rest of the movie is bad.  I am amazed that a movie this bad has been given an R rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is pretty bad and you know it. It starts off slow but by the end you will be laughing and crying. It is funny at times but then it becomes sad. I have never seen such a bad horror movie. It has an old man in it and it looks like he was killed by the dogs in the beginning of the movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is one of those movies you wish were made into a live action film. I'm sure it's great to watch in a theatre but I wish it could have been made into something a bit more special than a bad film that should never have been on television in the first place.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is no reason to see this movie. The only thing I can say is that it's a pity that the actors are not better than they are.    Stars Rating: 3/5
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is not interesting, it's not even entertaining. I guess they had to do something with it because I've never seen a movie this bad, and it's actually kind of hard to believe that it actually made it past the editing process. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is nothing funny about this movie. The bad acting, bad writing and bad production values all add up to a mediocre movie that will have no effect on your life.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The premise is solid: an ordinary couple is traveling through the middle of nowhere, where they stumble across a strange looking cabin in the woods.   I really enjoyed this movie, I thought the movie itself was actually pretty good. The movie is not really about what I expected. It is about the couple. They get lost in the forest and are forced to eat their own waste. Then they meet a little girl. She is a little witch who lives in the cabin. She tells them that her father left her, and that she has to kill him to get back to her mother. This little girl is not very nice to the couple, she is very rude to the little girl, and she is also a little jealous of the little boy. The couple does eventually kill the little witch, but then the little girls dad comes back. The little girl then kills him. So this little girl goes to her dad, and says "I killed your dad! You need to get rid of me!". The little boy gets mad at the little princess and tries to kill her. But then the girl gets the gun and kills him too. Then she puts the gun down and runs off. But the little guy says "You're my real dad, I'm gonna kill you!"   So it is a good little movie, with a little twist at the end.   is a very good little girl movie. I would recommend this movie to people who like little girls, and people who don't like little boys.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really don't think there's any way this could have been good.  The characters are all really unlikable and the dialogue is pretty cheesy, and the plot is kind of stupid, to the point where it's almost like the movie doesn't care if it's funny or not.  "He said, he was right, the guy is a fraud." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you are going to see a bad film, I recommend seeing a bad comedy.   The film follows a poor man named Jimmy (Tom Hanks) who is trying to get his family's restaurant open in his small town in the midwest.  His wife (Holly Hunter) has just had a baby, and his son is sick and has to stay with his grandparents.  In order to keep the restaurant open, Jimmy must make his family successful and win back the affection of his wife and son.  It is a story about family, but it is more about Jimmy trying to keep his family going and how he tries to win them back.  What is most irritating is the film does not try to be funny, and as a result it is incredibly sad.  This is a film where a poor guy tries to take care of his family, and he is successful at it.  I think this film was a flop at the box office, and I'm surprised it made the list at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A story of a bad girl and a bad boy who have to work together to find a way to get out of the place where they live.   Not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was not a big fan of the first installment, but this one is even worse. I didn't think the movie was as bad as I thought it would be. I thought the first movie was the worst. The movie opens with the main character trying to kill the main villain, who has a gun to her head and is about to be shot.  The movie then follows the character as she tries to kill him, while his bodyguards try to stop her. The main character is an FBI agent named Veronica Jones.   She has been assigned to the murder squad.  It is a job that she really hates.  Her only hope is that the main bad guy she is trying to capture is dead.  What I did like about the movie, was that it took a lot of chances.  I liked the fact that there were more characters and they had their own motivations and feelings. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I never understood why this movie was made. It's just a cheap piece of crap with a bad director. I have no idea what they were trying to do, the story is terrible, the acting is bad and the ending was lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has no redeeming qualities. It's just a bad horror film that was never supposed to be made. If it were a "modern" horror film, it would be a better movie. There are some interesting characters and some clever gore effects, but the movie is really bad. There's some interesting and well done shots of people who are "alive" in the film (I suppose this could be interpreted as a metaphor, but this is still pretty lame), but the gore effects are so poorly done that I found it a little hard to watch. I don't really think this movie was ever supposed to get made. The plot is so ridiculous that I would be willing to pay to see it again, but I doubt it will ever get released. I can't help but feel like it was a bad idea to make a film like this. I really don't like horror films that try to be more than they are, and this one does that to a tee. I guess I could give it a 7.5 if I could have seen it a few years ago.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie that is good enough to be watched by people who don't like the genre of the film and people who know nothing about the genre.  A film that makes you laugh and cry.  I didn't laugh a lot but there were times when I did laugh a little.  It's funny how a movie like this can make me laugh and it makes me cry at the same time.  The ending is a little weird but the whole film is funny.   …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a good movie. But the acting is awful. They all try their best. I don't think they're bad, they're just bad. The best actors in the world can do better. It's like they're in a bad dream. I mean, what's with all these bad guys? I just don't see how this movie is going to work. I guess I can't find anything positive to say about this movie.   If you're looking for a good laugh, try watching the comedy scene in the beginning. It looks like they have a laugh about something that happens in the movie. There's a scene in this movie where a girl tries to convince her boyfriend to come home. She talks about how she loves him. Then the boyfriend is on the phone. He talks about the movies he saw in Vegas and he starts talking about how much money he got in a fight in the bathroom. He is totally in love with her and he wants her to get married to him. She says she's not interested in marriage. Then she tries to tell him how much she loves the movies. Then he tells her that she should have gotten a real job and then she is like "oh I see, I see". That's all this movie does. It makes no sense at all. This is just an awful movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really enjoyed the movie, and I would have been a lot happier if it was a bit more original, but I didn't hate it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is not a bad film, not even a bad comedy. It is just a terrible piece of crap that never should have gotten past the studio and has ruined any chances of it being made into a legitimate film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie itself is a disaster. The entire movie is so poorly written. It's a bad bad movie.   This is an all time classic and will be remembered forever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie sucks.  The movie's premise is a bunch of friends going on a trip to see a country music concert, and it ends with them in a coma.  There's not a whole lot to do in the movie other than watch these guys pass out.  It's not that they're not likable, it's just that they do nothing in this movie other then fall asleep.  This is the same exact movie as the last one, but at least it ends a bit better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a bad bad movie.  It's bad bad.    It's bad, bad, and bad bad bad, all in the same movie.     The movie starts out with a bunch of clowns that are walking through the woods in the middle of the night.  The clowns get attacked by some giant spiders that jump out of the trees and bite the clowns.  They leave the clown to bleed out, and they run back to the camp to bring more medicine.  This movie makes no sense at all.  It is full of ridiculous plot twists and bad dialogue.  If you are looking for a good, campy, funny horror movie with a lot of crazy characters and a creepy forest, look no further. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has some nice bits in it, but it is very badly written, the acting is bad and there are a lot of plot holes and obvious plot holes, it is like a bad episode of Family Guy or a bad Saturday morning cartoon. I guess the reason this is a movie in the first place is that there are some really good bits in this, the opening scene where the dog is sitting on a bench with a newspaper and reading the news and talking to himself, it looks like a really bad episode from Family Guy, but that is probably the best part of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    We're supposed to be watching a good movie here.   And I can only think of one good movie to be seen in a long while:   The Goonies.    But this one's so bad it's good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't want to spoil it for anyone who hasn't seen it, but I found it very boring.   What was the point of all the action?   There were a lot of really good scenes, and there were a few really good acting performances, but nothing more than that.  I just don't get how someone who made the movie could have thought that there would be enough action for all the characters to be in a fight.  What the heck is the point? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have seen in a long time. It has nothing going for it.  It is a bad idea to take a man in a suit to a bar and give him a martini.    I am a big fan of the movie and I like to believe that this movie was made with a laugh.  This is a remake of a movie called "Dirty Harry" where the lead actor played by Kevin Costner, who is the lead role here is in a car chase in which he shoots and kills people with a gun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a movie made in the 80's, with a bad acting team, and the lead actor is not very good.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first scene starts out with the camera focusing on a young girl playing the piano. The next scene shows the girl playing and then she stops and turns to the camera, her face a picture of concentration and focus. She plays for an extended period and then the camera follows her as she walks out of the piano room. A few minutes later the girl comes back to the piano and the camera is now following her as well as the people who are playing the music. There is a brief scene of the girl walking away and the people following her. This is all done so that you don't notice the fact that the camera isn't following the girl. This scene lasts a little longer than it should and the movie goes out of control with some randomness. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't even know where to start with this movie.  It is a movie about an angry man, a woman who wants to get out of the house, and a few other random things that are just thrown into the mix.  I guess I can say I enjoyed this movie more than I thought I would.    I think the best part of this movie is that the man who wants out of his house is actually pretty likable.  I mean, the movie is very over the top and silly and I guess you could say it's supposed to be silly and silly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not bad, but not good.  A little slow paced, and it is too slow to get into the actual story.    The main character is an idiot and he spends most of the movie trying to convince his stupid brother that he is smarter than him. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What's so bad about this movie?   A movie in which the main character goes to the "old school" of "drama" which is to say, a play with a bunch of bad guys and a bunch bad girls.   It is a bad idea to make a movie about a guy who has a lot of money, a car, and a good wife and kids.    That's a bad combination, and so he goes to a show where he meets a bunch  of women and a bad guy.  This is the movie's plot:    A man and his wife have a child and get divorced.  They have a lot in common:  - they are rich and well off - they have two kids - one of them is a doctor - the other is a lawyer - the lawyer is a terrible woman.  - the doctor is a womanizer - she is a good cook - the kid is a nice kid   And so the movie follows these people:  The doctor:  A very bad doctor - she looks like a whore - she has no moral compass   - she goes to her doctor and the doctor wants to get her to get back together with the other woman. - so the doctor goes to see her and the woman tells him she wants to make her old friend look good again - so they have a big fight and the kid's parents have to come and take him away.  And the movie ends with the lawyer (who is also a bad woman) running away from the other doctor and her husband (who looks like the other lawyer).   This movie is a mess.  I would give it a rating of:  F -  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've seen this movie more times than I can count and it just doesn't seem to get better.   One of the few horror movies I like. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not bad, just not good.  This is a story of a group of friends that go out one night, and end up being abducted by a strange, green monster.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie about a horrible crime.   I am not a fan of this movie.  I was not prepared for the amount of crap going on.  The movie was a mix of "Hoodwinked" and "I've Got a Secret" - that is to say, it was bad.  It is like a mix between "Hook" and a "Twilight Zone" episode.  Some of the things that are said in the movie are:  -A woman who thinks she is pregnant has to go to the hospital for an abortion.  -There are several people who want to have sex with her.  One of them is a man who is a drug addict.  After being seduced by a prostitute, he ends up having sex with a woman.  She is then killed.  This is how the movie is supposed to end.  A guy ends up in jail for a murder he did not commit.  All of this is supposed be a metaphor for how it is really like when it comes to the real world.  If I were a detective, I would not believe a word of it.  My biggest complaint about the movie was how the main characters were written.  While they are very well developed, they have very little to do with each other.  At one point, the detectives are discussing the case, and one of the detectives says to the other detective "If you were the chief prosecutor, you would be looking for this guy."  That is the one thing about this movie that makes it seem real.  There are some really great detective shows, like "CSI: Miami", "CSICOP" and some others.  But this one does not have anything that compares to them.  In the end, this movie was pretty bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie in history!  It is one of the most vile and disgusting movie ever made!  It is a movie that has been around for a long time.  It has been made by many different people over the years.   It was first made by the late George Cukor,  who had a few films under his belt.  His name comes up a lot in these types of movies.  The name of the movie is The Beast and The Bully.    The movie was first shown on March 9, 1953.  George Cukors name has been used a lot over the last few decades.  A movie that was shown in the MTV Movie Awards  in 2000,   and it was also seen on the CBS  movie lineup in 2013.  This is a bad film and I hate to see it on the silver screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to this movie and was even planning on seeing it again tonight. I was also planning on making some popcorn (I do not have a popcorn machine). What a disappointment. There is a scene in the movie where a woman comes to a church where a man has committed suicide. The woman then sees a man dressed as Jesus Christ on a train, and asks a woman to get a picture of the man with the man dressed like Jesus. After the woman gets the picture, the woman starts crying. I have never seen a movie that is so sad. The movie is really just about a man who is depressed. He meets the woman, and they have a conversation where he is able to talk about his problems and she seems to like him. She goes out to the train station to get her picture taken and she finds the man on the train, dressed like Christ. She says, "He's so pretty! I wonder if I could get a photo of him with Christ on the subway?" The guy looks up at her with a sad expression and she walks away and says to the man, "Well, I guess I'd better go back to my friends." The next day, the guy meets a woman who has been murdered. The guy realizes that she was murdered by her husband. He starts to get depressed because of his depression. The next scene is the guy going out to get his picture taken. The wife calls him and tells him that they are having a party for her and their new baby. He is happy to go because he wants to see his friend. The husband and his friend have been drinking and the wife calls them and tells them that they have to leave because the party has to end. The man is so depressed that he doesn't know what to do. He leaves the house and the movie ends. I felt so sad when I saw the movie. It was a shame that they would have to kill the woman and the guy for something like this. The only thing that kept me from leaving the theater was the music that was playing. It made me feel a little better. I did not enjoy the movie at all. It did not help my depression at all at all and I am sorry to see it go.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What could be a better movie than the one we have here?   It is a very bad movie.   The story is just that, a bad story.  The plot is that some people go to a lake, and some of them don't go.  I am sure the director intended to make it a "hilarious" film, but he didn't quite manage it.  There are so many errors in the movie, that one has to wonder if the director has even watched a film.  Even the movie subtitles are bad.  It seems that the director took the worst of the old "bad" movies and threw them in a blender.  He has made a movie that is full of inaccuracies, errors, and a plot so bad that I would not want to watch it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to spoil it for you, but the ending is horrible. I don't know if it's because it's so poorly written or because it took a long time to get there. Either way, the movie ends on a cliffhanger, leaving you asking, what was this movie? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am not a big fan of these type of movies, I don't even understand how someone like me can find it funny. The acting is not bad, the story is very cheesy, and the music is just okay.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As a child I had a dream of making a movie. I was going to do a comedy, and then I started thinking about a comedy that didn't work for me. I decided I'd make a comedy about a little boy who's in love with a little girl. And then I realized it was just a movie about a guy who's a big-city lawyer who's just had a heart attack.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts off well enough, and the ending was pretty cool too. However, after a while, the movie was so bad it was bad.   I liked the idea of a girl named Jessica being able to turn into a vampire. However I think that the story should have focused more on her and her friends instead of the vampire. The vampire did seem pretty cool. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you haven't seen this movie, don't get it. The film has some good points. The acting is okay, there is some good humor, the plot isn't bad but the story is too contrived to make sense.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it is really bad and the movie does not make a good impression.  It looks like the producers wanted to make a movie with a very bad title:   DARK SKIES: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a teenager in the 70s, I would watch these films over and over again, thinking of the "good old days" that I was still able to enjoy a few of the classics. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The most disappointing film I have seen. I was expecting a good time, but it turned out to be a nightmare.   It is a story about a young boy named John (Danny DeVito) who is in a bad accident. He is transported to a future where his father has died and he is the heir. He has to travel through different worlds where he meets different people and meets a new friend who tells him about a secret society. John discovers that this society is evil and is trying to take over the world.  The plot is not very deep, but the acting is pretty good. DeVito has some very good scenes where he has to do his best to survive. The story has some really good twists and turns, but there is no real resolution.  I don't think I will ever be able to look at this movie the same way again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film starts with an incredibly dull, boring, and overlong monologue about the history of the film industry. The film is mostly about how Hollywood is the most exciting, exciting place in the world and the only place you can go and not only have fun but also be successful. The monologue is very cheesy, so cheesy it hurts. This is the best bad movie I have ever seen. I would not recommend this to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie with a bad ending.  The movie starts with a couple on a date in a very beautiful, quiet area.    It seems that their day is going fine until it turns out the guy is a con artist who has an agenda to steal a priceless painting and make off with it.  It turns out that the woman is actually a very rich woman who has made a fortune selling paintings, so the con artist gets the painting stolen, then steals the money.  When the couple tries to recover the stolen money, they are captured by the cops.  But the police is a lot of guys and the couple is a little boy and his dog.      A very strange ending:   This movie is not very good.  I would like to give this movie 2 stars because it is a pretty good movie.  The characters are good, the plot is good, and the acting is good.  But I am not sure how much of this movie is actually in the script.  For example, one of the characters talks about his sister's murder:  "You know how she died?  She was strangled to death.  Her boyfriend, who was the killer, took the money and ran away.  She would be here today if she hadn't died."   I wonder why this character is talking about this murder?  Why is this a character?   Another example:  I found the movie to be very confusing, especially after the bad ending that is so abrupt.  This movie is a bad joke, and it should be laughed at. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have seen in my life.  It's a complete disaster and I think it is an insult to the intelligence of the people who actually make films to waste their time making this crap.    It is just a mess of a movie.  This is not a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am in the mood for a good, wholesome summer movie. I have no doubt that there is something in this movie, however I don't think it is worth $10.00, and probably not even $5.00! It is all about the love triangle, which is really boring. The plot is a joke, and I didn't like any of the actors. It was a waste of time, and if this was a movie I would have skipped it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     It's a good idea. But, as usual, there is nothing original or original about this movie. It's a rehash of "Babylon 5" and the only thing new is the alien, which seems to be a mix of a "Vulcan" and a "Galilean" and his "Mistery" or "Magic". I don't like aliens or magic, and I'm glad to see that they didn't get creative. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half is a bad horror movie, but the second half is an even worse movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't think that I've ever been so disappointed by a movie.   This movie is not very good.  It's not bad by any means.  However, there is one scene in the movie that is simply laughable.  The scene takes place in a bar and one of the characters is having a drink.  He asks another character, "What is your favorite food?"  He then asks the second character, the one who doesn't drink much, "How many girls have you been with?"   The second character says "How long has it been since you've been with anyone?"  The first character asks, "Who is it?"  And then, in an instant, we cut to the next scene in an airport.  I really have to wonder if this was a good idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure what the point of this movie is. The main character is so awkward and out of place. I know he is supposed to be a "puppet master", but he has no real skills and is more of a comic relief. I have never seen any puppet show and this one was very unoriginal. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is so bad that it's almost a comedy.   It's the worst movie I've ever seen.   …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm so sorry for all the time you put into this.  You really got me through a bad month of summer.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie I have ever seen.   In a nutshell, a group of people are trying to break into the house of a guy named Dr. Frank (a character with a very interesting background). Frank is a brilliant surgeon and he's not too happy about it. This is a typical screwball comedy but the characters are so boring that you'd get bored waiting for them to get to the end of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am glad this movie is in the theaters. The movie is a simple one, a man walks around his small town. One day, he sees a beautiful girl running away from a guy who is chasing her. They are about to cross a small river. The guy pulls out a gun and shoots the girl, but he doesn't die and the girl escapes. The man goes back home and looks at his wife and kids, who are looking at him and they are scared.   This movie has nothing good about it. It is just a boring old story about a man who tries to get his wife to be happy with him. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the worst movie I've seen in a long time.   A few days ago I was walking along the beach when I spotted a pretty blonde woman in a white bikini.  She seemed to be having fun.  The next day I found out that she was an actress who was starring in a movie.  This movie is nothing but vulgarity.  I don't know who is the actress.  If this was a real movie it would be rated more like R and have better special effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was a bad remake of a bad old movie. This film was so bad I couldn't tell if I was watching a bad film or a bad director. There were so many things wrong with this film that it made me laugh so hard I cried.   The story was bad. The director didn't care at all. It was just a bad, bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is not about anything but sex and violence.   It's a good movie to watch if you don't like horror or a lot of blood. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was very good and I have to admit, I like it.  However, it is too bad that they never brought in a man that would just stand up and say "I can't hear you!"  I really wanted to see a man get hit by a car. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is so stupid and stupidly awful, I really can't believe that it made it into theaters.    It is a story about a "babysitter" for a bunch of kids.  The kids all want a pet monkey.  It has a very cheesy and over-the-top soundtrack.  I was expecting a much more realistic and original movie.  If I was a kid in the 80's, I would be disgusted at the movie. I don't know what the people who made this movie thought it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The ending is the worst I've ever seen.   If you don't want to watch this movie, you probably won't like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I did not like this movie. I am sorry to say that I did. I had no idea the movie was supposed to be a comedy. I have seen a lot of comedies and I have never laughed at one. I can see that it is a comedy because I am sure the director was trying to make a comedy out of something serious. I guess it would have been funny if the plot was not so stupid. The people in the movie all seem to be in their early 20's.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie itself is a bad one, a really bad one. The acting is horrible and the acting is bad in a movie that is supposed to be a comedy. This movie is supposed in a comedy but it is so terrible that the jokes are funny only because you laugh at how bad the acting was. The movie does a lot of things to make you laugh but it does none of them well.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the most disappointing movies I've ever seen.   It is basically a movie that you are supposed to be excited about because it is based on a true story but that story is so bad and boring it is hard to take the whole thing seriously.  I have seen it a few times now but every time I see it I just have to shake my head in disbelief at how bad the movie is.  The lead, a little girl named Nell, is only 12 and is supposed to represent a young child.  She gets raped and then killed in front of her grandmother.  Nell's grandmother is a mean old woman who is always looking for something to hurt.  She is obsessed with the idea of the "Gingerbread Man" who is supposed be a "monster" who has to be killed by a little boy named Jake (Nell's father).  She tells Nell that Jake is the "monster."  Jake is just an ordinary boy.  But this is just one of those movies that have so many flaws in them that it's hard to enjoy them.  One thing that bothers me is the fact that Nell is 12 years old.  It's also a fact that her grandmother (who is portrayed as an abusive, mean, nasty woman) is supposed the a good character.  If I wanted to see a movie where a child is raped and murdered by a stranger and then murdered again by her own grandmother, I'd go see the original version of the Gingerbread Man movie.  This movie doesn't live up to the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As I read the synopsis of the movie I thought it would be something similar to the movie The Blair Witch Project. I found it was a movie where there is an element of suspense and an element to see what happens.   I think that it is not a good movie and I did not like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film and the writing is awful.  The only reason I gave it 3 stars is that it was better than most of the "bad" horror films out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is a "tragic" one, the characters are all rather bland, the plot is a farce. It is almost impossible to believe that a "super hero" would end up dead at the hands of a crazed clown, especially when there is no explanation of how he got there. The most depressing aspect of this film is that it will probably never get a release.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is full of plot holes, and has a weird and over the top style.  It's just about as good as a bad horror movie can get.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I like this movie. I like that there's no plot to it and that there are no big set pieces. There are a lot of minor characters and the movie could have been a lot longer. I liked the idea of having a character who can't be bothered with anything but sex. He's a guy who has sex with women because it's the only thing that fills him with life. He doesn't feel anything. He has a great sense of humor and he's a little bit of a pervert.   "I don't like sex. But I like sex!"  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What an uneventful film.   I don't know why it had to be the last film from the series, and it's not the most impressive movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie itself is pretty bad.   There's no plot, no character development, and only a couple jokes.  The only character I liked was a cute dog named "Little Boy".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've seen the movie a million times and I still can't believe that they didn't actually do a good job of making a good movie.   First of all the actors are terrible.  They don't have a very good chemistry together.  The story is kind of ridiculous.  I don't think I've ever seen a more ridiculous script for a movie. The actors aren't funny, they don't do anything interesting, and they just don't look like people who would enjoy the movie. This movie is really not worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it was a bad idea to watch this movie with my children, I have never had such a terrible idea.  A group of people with no understanding of each other, or the meaning of life... they had to be rescued by a giant flying car!  They get on the bus, it takes off and flies away from them.   Oh, and there's a little girl on it with a baby in her arms. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am still trying to figure out how I feel about this movie.  I don't know.  It seems to be a generic sci fi movie.   It seems that no one wanted to do anything with this movie other than have some fun with the aliens.  This is a bad film.  The aliens are a horrible idea.  They are very stupid and don't look like anything but a big blob of blue goo.  There are no emotions at all.  These aliens are like robots.  And the special effects are just a pile of crap.  One thing about this film is that they use the term "alien" so much.  Maybe they should have called them "the alien thingies".  I will admit that I liked the ending.  In this movie the aliens come back to earth and destroy the cities and kill everybody.  We just see a black screen for a little while then we hear the voices of the scientists.  What is this?  Is this a sequel to "Alien"?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was in the middle of watching this movie when a guy at the next table in line said, "Oh! This is great! A lot of heart, but it's also pretty boring!" I didn't understand him, so I looked at him and said, "'Boring' is a strong word. This is a movie about the end of the world, so it's going to be interesting."   What he said was correct: this movie is a very bleak movie with a lot of sadness, and a lot more violence. I've seen some of the best films in the history of cinema, but this movie has a special quality that I can only describe as a sense of melancholy.   The film begins with a beautiful scene that shows a man with a small child on a beach. He is a farmer and he is in the midst of a big disaster: a volcano has erupted and it is raining death down on him.  A large group of people (most of them children) are gathered around a fire to escape the rain.  The man in the background, wearing a straw hat and carrying a basket, is watching the rain and laughing. He knows that the volcano is about to erupt.  We see the volcano begin to rise and the sky darkens and then a huge explosion occurs.  As the volcano continues to rise, the rain continues and the group begins to lose their way.  Soon they are surrounded by people who are also in the process of losing their way: they are falling into the water.  Eventually the group is swept away, and the man with the basket is washed away.  Then, the last scene shows the man in his basket, floating down to the shore. He smiles and says, "This is the end!"   That's a nice, peaceful ending to a very sad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of years ago I bought a DVD copy of this movie and loved it. It is a very good story and well-acted. There is a nice little romance between two people.  A couple in love, a nice story, and a nice bit of romance between the two characters.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really bad movie. The story is awful, the acting is terrible, the plot is so lame it's almost humorous. The actors play all the characters and they do it all very well, but this is a bad acting movie. It has the actors doing what they do best, but they are not funny at all. The movie takes place in the late 1950's, in a small town that is not quite small enough to be called a town. It is filled with small town weirdness, such as the town square and the old church. The town square has the old bell and bells on top of it. There are also the local stores such as a diner and the store that sells the weird things people like. The store that has the creepy music is called the "Chiropractor's Shop." The town is filled almost entirely with eccentric people who are very strange in appearance and mannerisms. Some of them are very weird, such a lady with a horse's head. One day a girl and her horse go missing. The sheriff goes into town to look for the girl, and in the process he meets the strange lady with the horse's skull, a local man who looks like a man with a big red nose, and a little girl with a cow's head who is the town matron. The main characters in the movie are a sheriff, a matron, a man who has a horse, and the girl with the cow's skull. The cow's forehead is missing, but there is still a cow behind it, and one of the town residents, a farmer, is missing a leg. It all starts when the sheriff goes to the town to search for the missing girl and the horse. There is a guy who is in a motorcycle accident, and he's in a wheelchair. He gets a job at a diner called the Chippewa Junction. The Chippendonk is a diner with a sign that says "We're a little bit different. Come in and tell us a little story. We'll try to make it interesting for you." This is the sign in the diner. When he gets to the diner, the owner, a woman, gives him a big bowl of chili and he goes to work. When the sheriff gets there he finds the place full of weird people. The next morning the sheriff is having breakfast with his wife, who is also a local matron who has been working there for a few years. The matron has
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie itself isn't bad, but that's not saying much. The movie was made to be played at a party in the park, and it does the job, but I wouldn't waste your time with it. I can't recommend it to anyone, and I wouldn  The book itself isn be great, and a few of the characters (I like the kid, she's a bit crazy and crazy is a good word to describe her) make for great scenes. I would say the movie, however, does a good job with the story, but there's a ton of stuff that could have been cut from the movie. I found it funny how everyone just assumed that the girl was gay because she was with a girl, and she had to be in a movie to be gay. There was also a couple of times where they had to shoot in the dark, which wasn't so great. But then the whole movie was just bad, so it's hard to give it a good rating. It's still good, but nothing else to say about it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the film's most egregious moment, a character named "The Kid" (played by Tim Roth) is forced to wear a t-shirt that reads "The Best of the Worst" after his dad, played by Jim Carrey, decides to throw a party for the poor kids of the neighborhood.   While the kids enjoy the party, The Kid gets into a fight with one of the kids, who ends up getting his throat slit by the kid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half of the movie was really good. I thought it was a good movie. The second half of this movie was a joke. I really do not understand how this movie is supposed to be taken seriously.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you have been following my reviews, you have no doubt seen that I like movies that take themselves very seriously. This is a film that has a strong sense of humor, but it's not particularly funny. If anything, it's a little bit lame. There's a very strong theme of family and the father's attempt to teach his son to be a good man. This movie does get a bit goofy at times, especially with the music. The only thing that I enjoyed about this movie was the voice work. There are a few actors who don't always get a lot of work, but the ones who do are really good. It was nice to see that a couple of the actors who do voice work actually have some acting experience. The voice work really helped with this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen.  The acting is terrible and the plot is bad.  I was expecting more from this movie, but I can't even watch this movie anymore.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first movie I ever saw of David Lynch. It was a bit of a shock for me. I thought the movie would be more surreal than the first two Twin Peaks movies. But it was a very good movie. The characters were very well done. There was something very creepy about Laura Palmer. It had a great vibe to it. I will have to watch the next Twin Peaks series. I think that Lynch is a very clever and original director. I don't think it will ever get old for me to watch it again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad film that is meant to be funny.   Unfortunately, it isn't.  For starters, this film is all action, with a lot of jumping, running, fighting, shooting, and a few other things thrown in. It doesn't get very funny and doesn't even try.  There are no memorable characters, the story is stupid and the plot is lame.  It's not a bad flick, but it really isn't that funny.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not good.  I just can't see how anyone would like it.  I was expecting a movie that is about a guy named Jake who is on a mission to find the secret to eternal youth, and he goes to a school called "Pleasure Academy" to find out why they are not the most beautiful girls on earth.  The movie starts off with a guy walking by and I thought it was going to be a good comedy and I had high hopes for it. However, it is just a bad comedy.  It was not funny at all, and I just cannot believe how much time they spent making it. If I wanted to see a bad joke, this is it.    This is not a good movie.   And so ends my review of "Pleso" The movie is a good idea but it just doesn't work.  The movie is rated R, so it is not for kids but I guess kids don't like bad jokes, and this one isn't even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a terrible piece of crap.  There are a lot of characters and the story is so dull it is not funny at all.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What an awful movie this is! It is the type of movie that you can see at any amusement park, and the fact that it is made in England is not important because the worst part of it is the dialogue. I found the dialogue in this movie so bad that it made me sick to my stomach. I did not even care for the actors who were not very good. I do not think the film will make money at all. If this film was made in America then it would have been called "The Incredible Death of a Man" because the guy gets his head chopped off!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I thought this movie was a little funny and the acting was really good. I didn't really understand what was going on, but I thought the movie was funny, it had a little of everything.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this movie is absolutely horrible, with an awful plot, bad acting, bad dialog, bad special effects, and awful directing. The second half of the movie is worse than the first, with worse special effects and worse acting. There is a lot of swearing in this movie, which is pretty much always a good sign, but it really makes this movie more like a children's movie than anything else. I could see a lot more humor in this film than there is.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The end.    "  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very strange movie. There is a lot of violence, but it is not particularly well done. The character designs are not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie made in America of the early 20th century, the sort of movie you might find on the first night of the New Year: the opening scenes show a beautiful young couple in the streets of New York, holding hands in the rain. A few years later, they're in an apartment, kissing passionately in the dark, and the next scene shows them sitting on the bed together, in the same bed, holding their hands. They have their first child, and we see them enjoying the pleasures of a happy marriage. The film is about an affair that develops between a young man and a young woman who have had little to do with each other. They are both rich, educated, cultured people, and they both have very little in common. In the first act of the film, the two of them meet at a party in a fashionable New York hotel, and as soon as they see each other, they start kissing passionately, the way they did on the streets on the night of their first meeting. And then they have their little child, a beautiful little boy. The child, however, is the opposite of beautiful: it's a little fat, a little wiry, and its skin is the colour of a raw potato. This makes it seem very alien to the other people at the party. There are no other children in the house. The mother is a writer and the father a composer. The father has a big house in New York City, the mother a small cottage in the country. It's a lovely house, the wife a fine woman, and it has a large garden out back where the children play. They're very close friends, they have a lot in common, and when the mother dies, the father is devastated. He goes off and spends a few years in his cabin, and then when he gets back to New York he finds that he can't get a job. He comes back to the house and spends his time writing music, but there are no takers for his compositions, and in the end he moves out. After this, he starts drinking heavily, and his alcoholism has a terrible effect on his marriage, as he becomes obsessed with the idea of finding a wife and a good home. It seems that there's nothing he can do to get rid of his wife, because the wife is his soul mate, and he can never divorce her. He spends most of his time in New Orleans, trying to find a woman he can trust, and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has some pretty great moments. There are some really cool scenes, but there are also some really bad moments. The main character has a hard time learning how to live a normal life. It's hard to watch someone like that, especially a kid who grew up in a small town. It seems to me that there are a lot of scenes where the kids in the town are doing something dumb. I guess there is some really weird things going on in this movie. It reminds me a little of the movie "The Wild Ones" where a bunch of kids are doing dumb things, except that it's much worse.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a good idea, it is a bad idea. I liked the idea, the concept. It just never got out of the way. The story of this movie is not good, nor is it original. There are so many clichés and so much repetition. It has a good concept, but not enough of it to hold up to the heavyweights in the comedy genre. I just can't see this being funny.   Don't waste your time with this movie. It is a waste of time. It's a waste.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I never liked this movie. It is an excuse to put the "evil" (or "evil-like") in evil-like. The plot is based on a "horror novel" by an unknown author, but it does not sound like a horror novel at all. I think this movie is supposed to be a "graphic novel", which is fine, but the author is not really writing a graphic novel; she is writing a "plot". She tries to be as gruesome as possible, but she does not have a good grasp on what the audience will respond to. The movie starts off with an old lady who is walking on the street. She is being stalked by a man. She starts to get a little more suspicious when the man turns her into a zombie, and then kills her. The next thing we see is the old lady lying in bed, covered in blood, and looking very pale. We then see her running out of the house and into the street, screaming. She runs into a bar, and tries to escape through the back door, but we see that she is stuck, so she crawls through the front door and gets into the car. She gets out, but then she gets stuck again, so the car is blocking her way. She does not know how to get out of it, so then she throws a rock at the car, but hits a man who is standing by the front window. The man throws a brick at the old woman, who falls into the man's house and dies. The old woman gets out of her car and starts to walk away, but there is an old man in a house right across the street who is watching her, and he starts to chase her. She falls into a sinkhole, and we see her getting out of a pile of broken bricks. She makes it to the other side of the street and then runs into the bar again, but this time she has run into a gang of young thugs, and she has to run away again. The bartender tells her that she must run back to the car or she will be shot. She looks in her rear view mirror, and the driver is still standing there, but he is now a little taller and a little darker than she remembered. We see her get out and start to walk down the street again. She keeps running down the road until she sees the old man standing in the street with a gun in his hand. He is shooting at her,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is basically the usual "man discovers an old book" type of tale. There's nothing really original in it, other than the way the hero is depicted. His clothes are all the same thing and he is so much smaller than the other characters.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is about a guy named Jeff who is a good kid and is constantly having a hard time with a bully named Danny. Danny is the kind of guy who always thinks he's better than everyone else, so he's always trying to prove it. Jeff has this one friend named Mike, who's kind of a nerd and is always trying out new sports and things to show his friends. One day Jeff tries out a new sport, but it's very risky, and it ends up making Danny a lot of money, but at the same time Jeff is making a lot more money. He also makes a lot less money than Danny, so Danny gets pissed off.   So Jeff gets a call from his friend Mike, and Mike tells Jeff that he has a job at the mall. He asks Jeff if he wants to go, but Jeff says he's tired of being sick and tired of living at home with his mom. Mike tells him that he can't go, because his dad is in a coma and can't do anything. Jeff says no, but he's got this job at Macy's and he wants Mike to come with him. Mike says no. So Jeff says, "Well, you're welcome to come." and then he calls Mike, "You're not welcome to go." Then Jeff goes back to his house to tell his mom that he's not going to be home for a while. He tells her that his dad's in a hospital and he has to take care of him and stuff. And then his mom gets a little worried and tells Jeff to go home. And Jeff says okay, and then Mike shows up.   "Where have you been?" asks his mom, "I thought you were going to your dad's bedside. I thought you said you had a job." And then Jeff's mom tells him to go back to the mall, but now she's very mad and she says that she doesn't want to see him anymore. She says she knows that he was sick and sick and she's never going to see her son again. So she gives him a piece of paper and says, "'Go home,' write it on a piece o' paper and send it to me. And if you do that, you'll see me again in no time."   And so Jeff goes home, and he starts writing, and his mother doesn't know what he's writing. And the next day Jeff's mother comes to pick him up and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As I was watching this movie, it reminded me of a movie called " The Thing ".   This movie is not a good one.   It has all the elements that are necessary for a horror movie: creepy monsters, scary creatures, scary atmosphere, creepy soundtrack and of course, the ending.    I could not figure out what the point was, what was going on in this movie.  It is supposed to be a scary movie but it did not scare me.  And I do not mean the ending is stupid, I mean I could easily watch this movie at work or in the office.  This is not even a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't remember much about this movie. I remember it was about a boy and his dog that go to a circus and the dog kills the boy. I think that's it. I'm pretty sure the girl had a role.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was made by people who never had a real job. They are so arrogant and smug that they can't see that a movie like this would make the kids laugh.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There was no plot and no meaning to the movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was in a little mood today and I needed a little entertainment.    A film that could be used as a cheap, cheap, low budget "joke" or a "funny" or "tasteless" or whatever you want to call it.  This movie has nothing to do with the original series and it's just a cheap joke.  The animation is pretty bad and the sound effects are a joke. I didn't laugh once.  So... not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is really boring, I really don't understand how someone can make a movie that is as bad as this.   One thing that I really hated about the movie was that it showed nothing but bad guys killing each other, no character development and a story that isn't really that interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie with horrible acting and bad acting in a movie that has bad acting. It's like an attempt at comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an effort to save a few dollars, a friend of mine and I watched this "movie" last night.  The movie is a blatant rip off of the  Mad Max films.    It's hard to tell who was the original author and who is the copycat, but whoever it was has done a poor job of trying to replicate the tone of the original film.  The movie opens in a post-apocalyptic wasteland where a woman and her daughter are traveling across the desert.  They are hit by a truck that's overturned and her sister is dead.  Her sister had a small bag of medicine that she had been carrying with her.  One of the people who survives the accident is the mother's brother who's a "hero".  His name is George Miller.  He's an alcoholic, he has an abusive mother, he's a killer, he drinks, and he has a bad temper.  After a bad car accident he is captured by the army and is put into an army prison where he has to live out his days.  We don't see George very much, he doesn't speak much, but his character seems like he is a pretty interesting one.  While there is no real reason to watch the movie, I did see a little of it.  I just don't think that it's worth your time.  The bad:   The acting is bad, the music is bad and the writing is bad.  This is one of those films that is so bad, it's hard for me to find anything good about it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a blatant rip-off of The Rocketeer, a movie that has never been improved upon in terms of plot, acting or the characters. I didn't really like the movie either and that is not saying much considering how bad it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film.  It's boring.  The plot is the same old story that they always tell: The girl is in love with a guy and the guy has an affair with the girl's sister.  Why would he do that?  The whole thing is stupid and silly.   I am not sure how it came about that they had to make a film about this.  I can see why they did it, but the movie has so little to do with the story and has no purpose other than to amuse itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a travesty and an insult to the people of America.   The plot of the movie is so bad and so boring that I don't want to know what happens next.  And, it doesn't end well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie does not even have a plot.  It's just a bunch of weird shit.    This movie is so bad, that I feel bad for watching it.  It's so bad that even if it were a comedy, I'd still avoid it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has no originality whatsoever and just takes the classic horror film structure and uses it in a way that is laughable at best and downright disturbing at worst. The film opens with a shot of a child looking like a little girl with long blonde hair and a large blue dress. She is being chased by a group of men who seem to be dressed like ninjas.   She is chased by the ninjas into a room full of dolls that are being used as toys.  The dolls then become possessed and try to kill her.  After running through a maze of rooms filled with dolls that have been shot to death or explode, we see a little boy run out into the open field.  This child is running towards a large tree that is about to be cut down. The tree is about as tall as a person and when the tree is cut down it will be cut into pieces. The little boy then jumps out of the way just in time to avoid being killed.  He is now out of danger.  When he returns home he finds that his mother is missing.  Her car has been stolen.  She has a strange note written on the car.  If you read the note it tells you to meet up with a mysterious man at the house of his grandmother.  At the house there is a creepy old man.  Then a little bit of dialogue between the two of them.  My favorite line of dialogue in the movie is when the little boy tells his grandmother about his adventure. He says "It was so good we ate the whole thing!"  The rest of the movie has nothing to do with the mystery man. It is just about as dull as you can get. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the most boring films I have ever seen. The story is completely lacking in depth and I would give it one star if it was only one minute long.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I like to think I'm a pretty good actor, but the guy with the huge afro who played the "bad guy" was a joke.   If you like to laugh at people's misfortune then you'll like this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was okay.  If you're a fan of the original, this isn't much different.    The character interactions were fun and entertaining, and the film was a nice departure from the original in the good-and-bad-way.  Rating:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie once and then I saw it again and then again and I'm sick of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was surprised to see this movie on the shelf at a local Cineplex. I thought it was going to be a boring movie about a bunch of kids who go on an adventure. Boy was I wrong. This movie is more like a video game than a movie. I'm a fan of the original game, but the movie version was terrible. The first thing that struck me was that there were some terrible CGI effects used. It didn't help that the animation was so bad that you were forced to pause the movie at several times to take a breath. I don't know why they couldn't have just hired a different artist to draw the characters, since the animation is so bad. The movie ends after a bad fight between two people. I would have liked to see a movie that ended with a good fight, but unfortunately, this movie did not deliver on that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen in my life! It's bad enough that it's a complete waste of time. I hate this movie. I will never watch it again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you don't like this movie, there are hundreds of worse movies to choose from!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first movie of the franchise is just a typical "monster movie" with a huge budget and a very simple story. This is actually one of the better movies of the series, but is still nothing new. It's about a group of children who live in the woods and get a mysterious visitor who tells them that there is a giant monster in their neighborhood. The monster, which the children call "Giant Gertrude", has the ability to turn people into stone. The story is actually very simple and easy to follow, except for the fact that the monster is voiced by John Hurt, and he's not very good. If you liked The Ring, then this is a pretty good remake. If not, then it's just another dumb monster movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an attempt at making a serious science fiction film that takes the piss out of science fiction.  That is not something I am going to do here.   It's a comedy, with some very bad acting.  The plot is that the aliens are trying to kill us and our government is helping them, but we keep getting tricked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film has the feel of a "what if?" movie about the 1980s, with the added element of the 1980's version of Star Wars.   There are a couple of minor things that don't fit into the overall plot.  There's a lot of things that are clearly based off of the 80's, but the only one that is not is the idea that Darth Vader has the same kind of power as a Jedi. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, I'm not going to lie. I really wanted to like this movie. I did like the idea of a group of young kids doing something silly. The acting was a bit awkward but the comedy was good. I'm sure if this were a TV series it would have a much better run. It was like seeing a bunch of kids at their first karate tournament.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    -   The movie's biggest mistake is that it has so little plot.   From the moment it begins we are introduced to a character named "J.C.", a professional athlete with a rather large penis, who is in search of a "real" woman.  He finds his match in an American woman named "Maggie", who is the daughter of a former "Mr. America" and the ex-wife of a real Mr. America.  Once we get to know Maggie a little better we learn she is a very bad cook and has no clue how to make a good salad.  Maggie is a terrible mother and an awful stepmother, she is constantly running around like a headless chicken with no clue about where she is or what she's doing.  While this may sound like a pretty typical movie plot there are several things I don't get about it.  First, why are we not told that Maggie was a "Mr." and a "Mrs." at one point?   Secondly, why is J.C. a pro wrestler?  Thirdly, why does Maggie and J. C. live in the same house?  Fourthly, what the heck was J.S. doing there?  Fifthly, who the hell is Jurgis?  Sixthly, where did this guy come from?  Seventhly, I'm not sure how a professional wrestler could be in a movie called "The Pro Wrestling Movie".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My brother and I saw this film together on the first day it was shown at the Cinema Royal in New York. We were impressed with the special effects and the direction of the film. The story was well-paced and the film looked great in color. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, there was no need to show any fight scenes in the film. It's a comedy that takes itself too seriously for its own good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad it's funny.  It's a stupid movie about a group of bad guys who get more and more stupid.    This movie is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you've never seen a movie like this before, I'd suggest avoiding it altogether.   It's just a bad bad movie.  I guess I can't blame it on the poor directing, because I didn't care for the script either.  The acting is terrible.  It has the worst actors you can think of.  They seem to be there just to look silly.  Some of them can barely carry a scene.  And the dialogue is terrible!   The characters are flat.  All the characters are stupid.  There is no sense of danger.  But you'll probably have a good laugh out of this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think there is a difference between good and bad.   It was a great movie, and even though I am not a fan of the genre, it's still a great time!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely dreadful.  The script was atrocious, the acting was atrofect, and the special effects were so bad that the film could have been shot in a third world country.  This movie was supposed to be a sequel to the film in which the character played by Michael J. Pollard was the main character.  The film has no relation whatsoever to the original.   There is an ending which was never used, the title card sequence was replaced by a generic opening and the credits sequence was not even the same as the last one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not a movie lover, but I'll watch a movie at least once a year.   This one was an interesting watch.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.  My brother and I watched this in the same room, so we were both impressed.  I don't think I would've been so impressed had the story been a little better.  We're told that an astronaut has fallen out of orbit and is being chased by a bunch of space monsters, but that's about it.  That said, it's a good enough movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're a fan of the early Star Trek series, you may enjoy this movie quite a bit. If not, I don't know what to say. This movie has the look and feel of a 1970s horror movie. I'm not sure if the actors were really that bad or if the director didn't really like the actors that much, but the movie was made in a similar style to The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and The Hills Have Eyes. If you've seen either of those films, you can probably guess what kind of film this is. There's a lot of gore and the story is a pretty stupid one. It's pretty clear that this was supposed to be a straight to video movie. There are a few scenes where you could tell that the director was trying to make the film a little more scary by using the camera in various ways, but it just doesn't work. The acting is really bad and I can't remember any of the names of the actors. If I had to rate the movie, it would be a 1/10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a very poorly done movie that has no story. The only story line is a little girl named Mollie and her mommy and daddy, a couple of drunks, and a bunch of other people. They all get in a big fight at the end, and Moll is the winner, but the movie is so bad, that she wins by throwing a rock. I really think that a kid should be able to see this movie and just laugh at it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A little sad to say, but I was never a big fan of the original movie, but after the movie comes out, it is like a part of my childhood. I mean I was an 8-year-old watching it, so it's not like I had a childhood like some of the people on this website. The movie was made for children, and even though it is a little goofy, the animation is actually pretty decent, and the music is really good. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is because the ending is kinda cheesy. I think the movie should have ended with a cliffhanger. But that's a minor complaint, I really liked it.   Overall: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very low budget production with no actors, and no money at all, and little chance to make it better, but it's not bad. It's pretty entertaining, but not worth your time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As a long time fan of the movie, I have to say this movie is a total disaster.   It's not a bad film by any means, but it has absolutely no plot and no character development.  The plot is just a bunch of generic characters running around trying to solve a puzzle.  This movie could have been a great film if it had a great plot or if the cast had better acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I did not enjoy this film at all. The movie was boring. I would not recommend this movie to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know who made this, but the idea is so bad, I could have sworn it was made by a 4 year old.  There is one shot of the camera rolling as a small child is sitting on a park bench.    He's playing with a toy monkey and he is holding a stick.  This is supposed to be a flashback to his childhood, but we never see him grow up.  We never see what he looks like as a kid, we never even see his face.  He never has a chance to be an adult.  The kid never speaks to anyone, we don't see the adults around him either.  Why is he playing with the monkey and what is he supposed to do with it?  Why doesn't he just throw it away?   We don't learn much more about this boy, but when we do, it's not much of a surprise.  They take him to a doctor and we see him with a bad limp.  Then they take him home and he doesn't even have a bed to sleep in.  It's just some clothes on a bench. The only person who seems to know anything about him is his mother, and she doesn't seem to care.  I don't think I'm the only one who is sick to my stomach about this.  One of the worst movies I've seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked the first half, you will enjoy the second half, but it's still a bad bad movie, so bad that it's even bad to be watched by a child. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was so bad it's not even funny. This is one of those movies that everyone complains about, and it just happens to be one of the most ridiculous movies ever made. It's about a bunch of young people who are playing a game called "Catch the Bull". One of them is a big-ass bull that gets his horns caught in the fence, and the rest of the people have to get him out of the fence by throwing him over it, or else he gets killed. One of the kids throws a ball at him and he catches it, but when he turns around to get it back, he gets stuck in a rock and dies. This movie was produced by a bunch o' kids who didn't get any better and were just wasting their time making this awful film. It should have been called "I Can't Even".
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was so glad that I read the book, because I really wanted to see this movie. I think that the original film was a pretty decent movie. The special effects were pretty bad (I think the guy with the big nose was supposed to be a little girl) and there were not a lot of good lines. But the story itself was good. I like that the movie was set in the 1920s, and that there were still a lot people who were willing to fight in the trenches.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I never wanted to go see this movie, but I did. I found myself looking at the screen at times when I was just bored out of my mind. The worst part was that it looked like a cheap exploitation movie. The acting was bad, the acting was awful, the movie had a cheesy feel to it, the actors looked like they were in a cheap cheap movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A great movie about a great movie. I'm sure it will be enjoyed by a lot of people, I'm just not sure if I'll be one of them.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I know this is not a good movie. It is not even a good bad movie.   The movie opens with a very nice and sweet scene.  I am sure that you will agree that this is the best of the bad movie sub-genres.  A family vacation is disrupted by the arrival of a "freak" who goes berserk and tries to rape a beautiful lady and then kills the rest of the family.  What is even worse is that all the characters are so unlikable and so stupid that I am convinced that they were made up by a child.  The plot is also so bad that it is a miracle that the film is not rated more highly.  It is only worth watching if you are in a mood for a bad time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved this movie.  This is not the best movie I have ever seen.    I am sorry but it was not very good.  It was boring and not very well written.  The plot of this movie is to make a girl, who is a drug addict, addicted to heroin, and when she is on heroin she starts having hallucinations about an old man and he tells her that she is going to die and he has to get her to the hospital and she goes to the wrong hospital.  Then she starts talking to a man and telling him she is dying.  She is told that if she wants to die, she has to do something she knows nothing about.  Now, if you have never seen this movie you probably should not watch it.  If you have seen it you have to watch it again.  I give this movie a 1 out of 10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really bad movie. The story of the film is just bad. I guess they were going to do a story of a man who goes into a town to rescue his wife and baby. He has a gun with a little cross on it and he goes in the town and comes across a young woman who says she has been married and is pregnant. The guy says that he is a man that has a wife and a child and he is going to rescue the baby. It is just not very good. The wife and the baby are kidnapped. The father and the wife are taken and are put on a ship and taken off to the country. The mother is shot and the son is left behind. It just is really sad to see that there are people out there who think that this is some sort of movie. I do not think so at all.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't think this movie will have any future, its all a complete waste of time and money. I'm not sure why people pay money to see this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are into horror movies this is not a good one. The whole thing is kind of silly, and the acting is really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with the death of a boy who has fallen from a roof. It is a pretty standard horror story until you discover that the roof he fell from has a hidden door in it. The film then follows a group of people who are trying to find a way to open the door, only to be discovered by the other members of the group. The group ends up fighting a bunch of different creatures that include a mummy, a vampire, and a little girl who is possessed by an evil spirit. The movie does have its moments, such as a brief appearance by a talking pig, and the characters are all fairly memorable. I think the only reason the film is not a 5 is because the ending is a little too silly. But then again, that's pretty standard for the genre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know what to say.   It is a very poorly made movie.  It doesn't even look like the original series.  The music is lame and doesn't really add anything to the movie. And the characters are stupid and boring.  What was the point of this movie?   If you are looking for a good movie this is not it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie that is a total waste of time. I found it on VOD, which is why I thought it was bad. It is not bad by any means, but it is not good either. I will not be seeing any more movies like this. I would say that this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  this is a terrible movie.  It is a mess of a movie that tries to be cool with a bunch of cheesy effects and bad acting.  I was hoping for a movie with an original story and I think that we will get a boring one here.    I thought this was a terrible idea when I saw the title.  The idea of the movie is pretty much a buncha kids trying to outdo each other in a movie about a boy who had a ghost as a pet.  They all have the same look, and the ghost doesn't do anything but make the kids laugh.  It is pretty obvious that the writer did not have the best intentions for this movie.    The only thing good about this movie is that it is fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    -The film doesn't seem to be about the story, which is fine, as that's not a story we're supposed to care about. -   It's a bit like watching a man who has lost his way walk into a bar where he is immediately invited to join the crowd.   -   A story like this needs to be told. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to this movie and it turned out to be a bad one! The story revolves around a guy who is having problems with his wife who's having an affair with a stranger. The husband's daughter (who's name escapes me at the moment) gets involved in this and ends up getting killed by the stranger! The man's family has to get involved and they take the wife into custody. After that the police try to figure out what happened to the wife. All this is very confusing and not very interesting. I would have rather seen this made by a much better writer than this guy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have never been much of a fan of the horror genre. I think they're kind of cheap and dumb, but not enough to be interesting. In this one, we are introduced to a new kid on the block. He has a pet tiger and he thinks it's funny to throw it off the roof. When the tiger is thrown off the rooftop it hits an old lady on the way down and she dies. It's pretty much a rip off of "The Wolf Man" in that it takes a similar story, puts a big man in the woods and then has him run around in a circle with a giant tiger. It has a couple of good moments, but there's just too much bad to make it worthwhile. It will be fun to see what happens next with this movie.   This movie is also the origin of the character "Casper". He is a huge, fat, ugly man with no sense of humor. I don't even know what to think about him. I just think it would have been more fun if the movie was called "The Man with the Monkey Head" instead of "Cars."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just so bad, it made me sick. I found the story very uninteresting. I'm glad that I'm not an old man, because I would never have been able to go to see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a mess.   It's an adaptation of a novella by Joseph Conrad about a young man who goes off to sea in search of treasure.  I'm not going to spoil the movie for you, but the movie is like an early James Bond movie with a bunch of crazy action scenes.  It looks and feels like the early 90s, but I'm pretty sure I wasn't in high school when this movie came out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have seen in a long time.  I can not find anything bad to say about this movie, it is a bad ass movie that will make you laugh, cry and scream.   In this movie we see a bunch of guys in a field, it looks like they are out hunting, but they are actually in the middle of a murder.    The guys are hunting for a deer but the guy who is killing it is not human and he has the biggest knife I have ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought it would be better than this... I was expecting something more interesting. It is a short movie with a good soundtrack. There is a brief fight between the bad guy and the bad guys in the movie. They do a good job and make you feel bad for the bad people who did all this. But the bad ones should have thought before they did it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are some moments of great acting that I thought were quite good. I can't say I felt bad for the actors, I just think they all need a bit more acting lessons. The one thing that is the worst thing about this movie is the horrible story. There are a few different stories going on but the only thing that made me want to put the movie down was the awful plot.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a remake of a bad original. I can't believe the studio had the audacity to make a sequel to a movie that is almost ten years old. The movie doesn't work on any level. There's not a lot of fun to be had. It's just a mess of bad acting and bad writing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen this movie before, but I have seen a lot of movies like this.  There is no story in this movie.  It is more a story of the people's thoughts on the world.  The characters have all the same kind of personalities.  They are all kind of stupid, immature and silly.  I would have liked this movie more if it had a story.    Grade: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've seen this movie a lot of times. It's a very basic revenge movie with a lot to say, but I'm not sure what it has to say. The ending is not bad, but the first half is a bit lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why the "Star Trek" fans like this movie so much. It has the same problem as the "Indiana Jones" movie. It's a story that is too good to be true. This movie is nothing but a bunch of special effects and ridiculous plot that are not very funny at all. It is like the movie is trying to be like the old movie "Hercules" by making the main character Hercules, but with some kind of alien monster. I'm not sure what the director was thinking of when he decided to make this movie. The plot and the characters in this movie are just stupid. The only good thing is that it does not try to be funny. It tries to be scary, but it doesn't go in that direction. I would not recommend this movie to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty much perfect movie, but it doesn't have the magic of the first.  This one has the charm and style of a well-made thriller.   This film was made for television, so there is no nudity, sex or violence.  The film is very good, with a nice storyline, great performances, and a few nice surprises.  I give it a solid A. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Crap, I'm sorry."  I've seen better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the fuck happened?  I really don't know what the fuck just happened.  It's really hard to explain what happened in this movie, it was like watching a bunch of teenagers get drunk and go on a drunken bender.  The movie has a bad sense of humor and some really awful acting, like the guys who played the bad guy.    The only good thing about this movie is that it was a really funny movie and the best part of the movie was when the guy gets thrown in the trunk of the car by the bad guys and they drive off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have been waiting years for a movie like this. I thought it would be like a reenactment of a real war but I guess it wasn't. There were lots of funny scenes and some interesting scenes. There are some scenes in it that are just too good to be true. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I found this movie to be a terrible waste of time. The cast is so terrible, the story is bad and the acting is horrendous. This is one of those bad movies that you can't wait to be over.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am going to start by saying I loved this movie. The acting was great, the music was great and the story was fantastic. The only reason this movie doesn't get a higher rating is because it did have a very bad ending and a very poor performance from the lead. I loved the movie so much that I am willing to give it a 5/5 but I don't think I could give it higher.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a bit too bad that the movie, and its sequels, were so poorly written.   I don't know what a writer in the 1970's could have made that so bad.  I know I'm not the only one that hates it.  The first one has the lead characters having a party where everyone gets drunk, then they get murdered.  It's so cheesy and silly.  Another film, in which all the characters are fat, and a woman says she's going to go on a diet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film opens with the main characters, a young boy and his dog, walking along a river in a forest. At one point, the dog gets startled and runs into a tree. After this, the movie cuts to the boy playing in a small boat. The camera cuts back and forth between the boy and the boat.   It seems like a normal boy's movie.  But the more you watch it, the more unbelievable it becomes.  It's very hard to believe that the main character, a boy of nine, is in a mental institution.  He's completely psychotic, and the other patients in the institution are completely unable to help him.  This is the first part of a movie where the characters are not the main ones. It's the other characters who are at the center of the story.  The whole story has the feel of a horror movie, or a film about an insane person.  While watching this, I found myself thinking about the people who are locked up in psychiatric institutions, and how they suffer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is about a man who is obsessed with a movie called 'Cinema Paradiso' and decides to kill everyone in his apartment.   And he does. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the worst movie I have ever seen.  I could not even take it seriously, and I have seen worse.   As I read a review that said this is the worst horror movie ever made, I was expecting the worst.  I mean, I have watched all the Saw films, and that is really awful.  What is worse is that this film is so ridiculous and over the top.  What the filmmakers did with this film was just plain wrong.  The acting is awful.     It was funny at first, but then it went downhill fast.  It just goes from bad to worse. The plot was stupid, and there were no twists to keep it from being silly.    I mean come on, they have a man that is going to marry a man.  There are no jokes in this movie.  That is the bottom line. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movies I've ever seen. I have never seen a movie so completely awful, so ridiculous, so stupid, so bad, so completely offensive, so utterly offensive, and so downright offensive, that I'd have to be a complete idiot to watch it.   The plot is the worst I've seen in a long time.    This is not just another one of those "I'm so stupid I could never be a real man" movies, this movie is really offensive.  Posted by Peter S. at 4:33 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A dull movie.   The actors are not funny or interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was not expecting much from a movie about a young boy trying to find his lost dog, but I was very surprised. The movie looks like it was filmed on the street or at a local fair. There is very little plot to the movie but what is there is really well done. I loved the scenes of a very young kid playing with his dog and it makes me wonder why some movies make me feel old. This movie is definitely a good movie to show to your kids.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never been one to sit through movies that make me think and it is a bad film that doesn't think. The whole film is a very obvious metaphor of an attempt to escape the "death" of the universe, the whole film being made up of a bunch of different people who try to leave their dead world and come to a new one. It doesn't seem like the people who make this film are capable of writing anything good, as they just make these dumb, clichéd movies and make the audience laugh at them. There is a great "pump up the volume" theme going on in this movie, as we see a lot of people (including a lot more children) going through the motions. There are some scenes in this film that will leave you in tears, including the scene where the little girl is watching her father kill himself, it's a truly awful movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bunch of dumb people get sucked into a crazy movie. I have never seen anything like it before. It was so bad, it makes me want to see the next one again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I would not recommend this movie to anyone.    It's a bad idea and it doesn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is very sad that this movie made its way to my front porch. I was expecting to see a bad "Astro Boy" clone with an "adult" style and a little more substance.   But the movie is a mess. A lot of the action is done with a hand held camcorder. They make it look like a very funny movie. But the dialogue is not funny. It is not a "family friendly" movie. And they never make the point of the movie. They just make it more funny and action packed.  , I am sorry to say, that this is a pretty bad movie. I would not recommend this to a family with young children.   to all the kids: get your parents to buy a different brand of camcorders.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the end, this movie is a disappointment.  There is a great scene in the middle where the children are dancing around, and we see a couple having sex, which is a very nice scene, but it is all a setup for the horrible sex scene at the end.    I have to give it 3 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie, and I can't wait to see the sequel, so the "good" parts don't outweigh the bad.  I'm sure the filmmakers put a lot of work into the special effects, but that doesn't matter.    This is not the best movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm just going to state this as a general rule:  I don't think I'm going to like this film.  It's not a terrible film, but it is clearly not made for me.   The film opens with a girl being raped by a dog.  The dog is portrayed as being a kind, loving animal.  Then he takes the girl away and kills her.  She's a young girl, and her father is her rapist.  There are two things that bother me about this film:  1) the movie is clearly made for a younger audience, and 2) it's incredibly unfunny.  I understand that this is an adaptation of a story about a girl who was raped and killed by a man, but the movie could have used a lot more humor.  A young girl is raped by the dog and killed.  When the police come to investigate the rape, the girl's father turns out to be the rapist. Then she's raped again and killed again.  How does the dog know that she's a girl?  This isn't a terrible movie.  But I'm not sure it's worth watching.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been a while since I've seen a film that so blatantly ripped off Star Wars.  And it's no better than Star Wars itself.   It's an insult to Star Wars that the original trilogy was a movie made by people who could barely write an original story and a script.  It is an insult that it was a trilogy that was a complete failure.  The movie was a huge disappointment and was a disappointment in every sense of the word.  When I saw the movie, I was really looking forward to seeing the characters again.  I was hoping that they would be able to get it together again. And the characters were in a better place then they were in the original films.  But it was all a total disaster.  For starters, the movie is boring.  You have the characters running around all over the place, fighting the bad guys, and trying to get the Princess.  They have to run from bad guys all over.  And the Princess gets kidnapped.  If you think that this is the best way to get a princess, then you are in for a big disappointment.  There are so many stupid scenes and characters in this movie.  First, the Princess is kidnapped by a bad guy and she has to run and get a bad guys gun.  Next, she gets a bad man to hold the bad guy hostage so she can save the Princess and the bad man.  Then, the bad men take off with the Princess while she runs.  Finally, she finds a castle and gets into a fight with the bad dude and the Princess, and then she's back to her old self.  In the original movies, the characters are all different and have different motives.  This movie takes all of the different personalities from the original series and gives them to a group of characters that are completely unrelated to each other.  One of the characters says that he wants to get revenge for a lost love.  Another character says that she's doing a secret mission to find out why the Princess has been kidnapped.   Another character has a secret that he's not telling anyone.  All of these characters and motives are completely random and none of them have any connection to the other characters in the movie. It makes me want to cry every time that I watch it.  Some of the dialogue is terrible.  My favorite character, the guy who is chasing the Princess in the forest, has a lot of problems.  He has
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a bad film. The acting is atrocious, the plot is stupid, the story line is bad, the violence is over the top and the plot seems to follow the movie from the very beginning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about this movie is that it's about a family who lives in a cabin on the lake, and when the kids are growing up they are not allowed to go out. I don't think this is fair to the children, but I suppose the parents are the bad guys, and I don?t blame them.  This is a pretty bad movie.   The best thing about the movie is the little kid who does all the dirty work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really didn't like this movie. I thought it was a bad film for the most part. It has a horrible script, horrible acting, a poor ending and a lot of bad acting, which is a shame because they all looked like they were trying really hard to do something. It was a boring, slow, over-long film with a lot to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The acting is all over the place. It's not that it's bad, but it's so uneven. I have a hard time finding an actress who fits this role. The guy who plays the part, Mike Myers, is a guy who has to be seen to be believed. He has a thick Brooklyn accent, and that makes him very believable. Unfortunately, he's not funny enough to make me laugh. In fact, he gets quite old. At one point he's supposed to be talking to a friend about a car accident, and the only person he seems to be relating to is the police officer who is the bad guy. The bad guy is supposed to look like he's been beaten up so badly that he's a walking dead monster, but I couldn't help but feel that the guy was just a little bit crazy. I guess I'm just not a big fan of this guy.   All the comedy is about a bunch of people who try to find out who is stealing things and why, and a couple of others who get in their way. The characters are a little too similar, and I couldn  The script is very similar to the other movies in this series. There's a villain who wants to make everyone happy by getting everyone to play along, and he does it by getting them to laugh. It doesn't really have anything new about it, though, so it's pretty stale. The movie itself is a little hard to follow. It starts off with a bunch talking about how there's a thief out stealing things, and then it jumps to a bunch who are trying to catch the thief, and we're then on a car chase where there's lots of crazy stunts, and there's some really cheesy stuff going on, and some really terrible special effects. There are some good scenes, but most of the movie just kind of drags. The ending is the only really good part of the film, and it's not a very funny one.   and the characters are really all over-the-place. I think the only real thing that stands out is the guy who steals the money from the bank (actually, he stole a lot of money), but most other characters are just so ridiculous. I can't remember the name of a single one of the other people in this movie.  .
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a great old movie, which was really the only thing that kept it alive for so long. It is so dated and cheesy, but I do still remember a couple of the lines. I did enjoy it a lot.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    You're not gonna like this movie, but you'll still watch it. It's a comedy about a guy who goes to a strip club, and falls in love with a stripper. The film is pretty bad and I can't really blame anyone for being unimpressed with it. I mean, this is a film about a man going to a nightclub where a strippers friend is the DJ and she says she's got a new song that'll be great if she can find a guy to sing it.   It doesn't really make much sense, and I found myself just laughing a lot at it. There are no characters really, just a lot of bad dialogue.  I mean, who would be crazy enough to think that a stripe stripper is a friend of a man who goes there to find a girl to be his wife?   I guess they thought it would be a bit funny to make a striper stripper, and so they made one, and it turns out she's really just a strippy stripper who goes by the name of Mrs. Moo. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      What the fuck is with these people?   The movie's a total piece of shit and this was the most depressing thing I've seen in a while.   This movie has all the makings of being an awesome 80s action movie but it's all just so fucking bad it makes me want to vomit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "The man is a giant in the eyes of the world. He is tall and powerful, but the rest of him is as short and weak. It is obvious that he is made up of clay. He looks like a huge lump of soap. He has a bad temper and makes bad jokes. He makes little mistakes but he always comes back from them. It's funny but it's not funny at all."   What else can I say? It's just a terrible movie. There's a lot of "let's make fun of this horrible man" jokes and some of them are actually pretty funny. I don't even like the jokes, really. I guess they are supposed to be funny? The whole movie is just a bunch of terrible jokes that are all made up. There isn't even a single good thing about this movie. It seems like they tried to come up with a "humor" film but they ended up with something that is just bad.   One of the most annoying things about this film is that the characters keep asking each other, "What is the most important thing about life?" And then they make up a "most important thing" about a big stupid rock. I'm not even kidding. What is the "most" important thing in life? What is a rock? It seems to be an incredibly stupid question for them to be asking. It also seems like the film was designed so that they can make a bunch more jokes about how a giant man is the one thing that is important to life.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first half of this movie is terrible, as if they had never seen a horror movie before. The acting is terrible too, as the girls act like a bunch of little girls who are too afraid to get their hands dirty. The monster is stupid too, he never seems to get any of the girls to do anything besides sitting there, and occasionally looking at them.    One of the worst movies ever made.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've never had a bad time at a Halloween party before, but this one was awful. The actors did a bad job. I'm not kidding, I mean, they didn't look like they knew what they were doing. I have never been more embarrassed in my life. The only thing that worked was that there were ghosts.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you want to watch a movie that is not a horror movie, then don't watch this.   The movie is a little dated and overplayed at the end.  I really wish this was a movie from the 60's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't say much for this movie.   It was very disappointing.    There were so many plot holes and inconsistencies that I couldn't help but laugh.  The ending was terrible and the whole movie was overstuffed and not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had this movie in theaters for one week and only saw it twice.   It is about a group of women who go out to a party with their boyfriends. They all get drunk and then the boyfriend who has just got out of the army comes in and says that he wants to go to a strip club with them.  They get drunk too and then this happens: - I was expecting a comedy from this, but the humor is so corny.  - They go into the strip club and they try to see a guy but they find that he is too big for them. So they just stand around and laugh.  - I was hoping that the movie would get better as they have the boyfriend of the girl that is getting drunk.  I didn't even finish the movie, I just watched it again to get the whole story and then decided that I would never watch a movie that was so boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame that this film was produced, as it would have been an interesting experiment into the "Biblical" interpretation of The Passion.  However, it seems like the producers were more interested in showing off the "special effects" (which were really nothing more than a computer generated image of a "gory" scene) than in any kind of intelligent discussion.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  " I didn't want to come to this movie.  I thought the ending was lame.    Then I watched the rest of the film.  " 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie and I would not recommend it. I did not like it at all and I think that I would have rather stayed at home.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think I've ever seen a movie so bad I can't even begin to tell you what a horrible movie it is. I mean, I don 't even know how to start a review without giving the worst reviews possible, but the bottom line is this movie is a disgrace to Hollywood and to humanity. I just had to watch it. I hope you guys all enjoy it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is like watching a bad version of a bad book: bad acting, bad direction, bad script. The acting is bad. I think there's an actor who looks like an American who looks French. The French look like an ugly motherfucker. I don't know what to say about this movie. It's not funny and it's not moving. It looks like a bad car wreck.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's so bad it's good:  For a comedy, this one is actually quite funny.   The story is based on a true story:  In the middle of the 20th century, the Russian government was planning to build a railway between Moscow and St. Petersburg, with the goal of reducing Moscow's traffic congestion.  The project was highly controversial.  It was estimated that it would take over 100 years to complete, and a new rail line would only serve the Russian capital.  According to some estimates, it would only reduce Moscow's population by half.  In response, the people of St. Pete protested the construction, and even had a meeting with Stalin, which ended in a violent clash.  Some say Stalin and other officials were inspired by a story in the Russian folk tale of the "Lazy King," which involves a king who only goes around the country and never gets anywhere.  I have to admit, I'm not a big fan of folk tales.  So here's what happens:  On his way to the meeting with the king, a Russian railroad worker named Ivan gets into an argument with a passenger, and they end up arguing back and forth, until Ivan takes the guy's money and runs away.  Now, it's not the end of the world for the train worker.  But that's not what happened.  Suddenly, the train is attacked by a group of bandits, who steal Ivan's money, take off, and never show up again.  One of the bandits is an actor named Ivan Kravtsov, and he is a real jerk.  He decides to stay with the bandits, and become a leader of the gang.  Kravtso looks like he's from the "Camelot" TV show.  If you know anything about "Candy" TV, you'll know that he is, in fact, a very clever actor.  This movie was actually filmed in the 1960's.  At the time, I don't know that the Russian railroad workers were even allowed to wear pants, much less have a job.  Anyway, Kravta is not very good at his job. His gang is only successful because they are all very dumb.  Unfortunately, he does a pretty bad job of it, and ends up killing off the people who had been his friends.  You don't see a lot of train hijacking movies in the 1970's, so I was surprised
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have no words to describe the film's stupidity.  The story has nothing to do with anything.    The actors are in bad taste.  A couple of the characters are so pathetic they could be found in the background of a children's cartoon.    I guess the producers didn't understand how to use a good story line. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has a lot of the bad elements of the previous film, but they are not bad enough to ruin the experience.  That said, the movie doesn't really seem to have any purpose to it.       In fact, the plot is pretty bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The "Tales of Zuul" is an old school adventure. The film takes place in an old mansion with the title of the story "The House of Zulli". The house itself is a classic example of Gothic architecture. It is surrounded by trees and is filled with creepy things, creepy trees and creepy creatures. The only thing that's really creepy are the statues that surround the house. It seems that they are the result of the work of an artist who has lost all sense of perspective and sense of horror. The house is a real horror that you will not forget in a hurry.   One of the main characters is Zullia, a young woman who is trying to find her father who is missing from her life. The story unfolds in many different scenes but we can see from the beginning that Zulla is not going to make it. One day she comes across a statue of a giant which she decides to climb. Her friends try to convince her to turn back but Zullya refuses. After the statue is knocked over, she gets into a terrible accident and is trapped under a boulder. The boulder starts to crumble, but the girl can't be rescued and falls into a deep well where she meets the creature Zullo. The creature is a horrible creature that is hungry for human flesh. Zullie tells the story about how she became possessed by the creature but it doesn't help. Zulla is trapped in the well and the creature keeps her in it and it seems that she won't be able to free herself until the creature dies. Zulu and Zullai then come to help and are in a race against time to save her. This is a very funny movie, with a lot of laughter and fun. Zuulu and his friends try their best to rescue Zullma, but all they can do is watch her suffer and watch her die.   of course I did enjoy this movie but this is a bad "Tale of Zul" with a bad ending. This film has too many cliches and it really doesn't make any sense. I'm not sure why I watched this, but I think I'll give it a try next time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think the "torture scene" is the worst scene in a film. I found myself laughing at the thought of a woman who was "taken" by the CIA and had her brain-dead body hauled off to be dumped into a pit of fire-breathing animals. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has some great moments but overall it is a boring movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is very bad, in every sense of the word. There are a lot of bad scenes. There is nothing that makes the movie good, it is just boring, and boring is not the right word for a movie that is like a big waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you like your sci-fi with a touch of humour and some well-executed special effects, this is a pretty good movie. It's not as good as the classic films of the 70's, but there are still some good jokes here and there.   The music is OK, but it's not great either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was a horrible movie.   There were so many things that were wrong with it that it is impossible to see it from start to finish.  From the beginning we were told that this movie was supposed to be a comedy. It was not. The film was nothing more than a slapstick comedy. The only reason that the film was so bad was because the actors had no idea how to act.  This movie was so terrible that the only way that I can find to describe it is to say that it was not funny.  The only way I can describe it as being funny is to think that a child made this movie and it was made for him.  And it is so bad that it could have been made in the 1930's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I found this movie to be just plain boring. It was so bad I couldn't believe it was a film at all. It had all the ingredients of a bad comedy. The only thing this movie had going for it was that there was a female lead in it.   As you know, a movie has to be entertaining for people to enjoy it. I think this movie was just a bad joke with a bunch of women and no plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was watching this film the other day when I was reading a book about the history of science.   And while I was doing this I suddenly started to think of the movie " The Phantom of the Opera " which is in a sense a kind of modern take on the classic musical.  The movie's main character is a scientist who is looking for a way to make things go. He goes to a doctor who tells him to give him a drug which he calls the 'Hangover Cure' and it cures his hangover but then his hangovers get even worse and he is sent to the hospital.  But the movie is not really about the doctor or the drug, it's about the scientist's obsession with the 'Mona Lisa'.  The story has a lot of good lines, like when he finds a painting of a woman sitting on a bench with her legs spread wide.  And the music is very good as well, but it isn't quite like the musical.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is really terrible. It is a movie that I would watch if I was not so sick of bad movies. I was going to rate it an 8.   I mean I guess you could say it is a sequel to the movie "A Star is Born"   but that movie sucked as much as this one does. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In case you haven't heard of the movie, this is the "dumbest" movie I have ever seen.   It is about a man who has been married for a long time and wants to be with his wife.  He has two daughters.  The first one, Mandy, is just the same as all the other little brats.  I have no idea what the director was thinking when he came up with this movie.  It should be banned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A poorly-acted, poorly-written and poorly-edited movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an absolute disgrace. This film is nothing but a cheap rip off of "Fifty Shades of Grey." I was shocked by how bad the movie was. The acting was awful and it just looked awful. The only redeeming thing about this movie was the fact that it had a couple good songs at the end. However, it just wasn't worth the time. It really made me wonder how the producers could possibly get such terrible acting out of their actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've heard that it is one of the worst movies ever made and I couldn't agree more. The story was ridiculous from start to finish. The acting was bad, the effects were bad and the dialogue was just silly.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes for this film but I was disappointed. I thought it was a beautiful piece of art and an interesting concept. I was really hoping it would be a film about how one should live their life and how a movie can inspire one to live. I don't think I will ever be as inspired by a movie as I was by this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie about four times now. I've heard the trailer a thousand times and it has been the first thing on my mind since I saw the first trailer for this film.  The plot line of the film is that a young man named Bill (played by Matthew McConaughey) travels to India to try to find his long lost father. Unfortunately for Bill, his father has just been executed by hanging and Bill has been sent on a mission to locate his father's killer.  I guess I'm not the only one who thinks this movie is pretty stupid.   Bill and his team of investigators stumble into a murder that has left a small village in utter chaos.  There are no clues left in the area and it's only through the intervention of a local sage that Bill and his crew are able to locate the murderer.  In the end it turns out to be the local lord of the village who has been trying to find out who is responsible for the killing.  Now it's important to understand that the local leader of the community is not a bad guy. He's a decent guy and he's a very good father figure to Bill.  But it's also important to note that he's not above using people in his own interests.  So, when Bill is sent on this mission to find the murderer, he ends up going on a road trip to India.  At one point the local sage tells Bill to go get a "grapefruit" (which is what the locals call the body) and then to bring it back to the village.  Bill and the crew go to the local grocery store to buy a grapefruit, but they end up getting a box of grapefruits that they didn't order.  Then, at the end of the movie, it's revealed that Bill's father was actually an Indian prince named Raja Rama who died before he could come to India and who was buried on the island of Kohima.  After Raja's death, his family went back to India where Raja is said to have been a very well respected man.  Unfortunately, this is all just a big setup for Bill and Raja to come back and take revenge on their local lord.  One of the funniest parts about this movie has to be when the locals come to Raja with the news that someone has been killed on the beach.  They come to him, and he says, "It was a grapef
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a great example of why bad movies are so hard to make. I don't think it can be done much better, but it is a damn good movie and very entertaining. I have seen worse, but I never wanted to see it again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't say much about this movie, it is simply bad, and it is really hard to find anything good about it. A group of scientists are studying a virus which is destroying mankind. When they come across a mysterious man named Zorba the Clown, they believe he is the only hope to stop the virus. Unfortunately, it turns out he is a horrible clown who is a total moron. I really can't give this a positive review.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an odd movie. There is no obvious reason why it exists and the only thing I can come up with is that it was made in the 1950s by a guy who was probably a bit of a madman. The whole film is filmed from the perspective of a little boy in a dark house and it is just plain silly. The plot is the usual kid's movie plot: Kid is taken away by his father and father's sister to live in a village where the villagers are mean, the parents are mean and the daughter is mean. It is a typical kids' movie plot except for the fact that there are no children in it, no little girls in it. The only thing that is supposed to be funny about it is that the girl's name is Hilda. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has so much promise. There are some really funny moments in this movie and the ending was great. The only problem I had with this movie was the story. It wasn't bad but there was no story. I didn't get much of a story and it wasn't good either.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie ever made.  This movie is made by a man who is obviously not an actor or director.  He makes a movie about a group of people in an American city who get killed by a car that runs a red light.  It's like watching a group go through a funeral with no casket.  There's no one funny except for the guy who plays the coroner who looks like a cross between a mannequin and an old man.  They show people being killed and then they do a slow moving sequence of people being murdered.  I think this is one of those "I can't believe you" movies that you watch in the bathroom to pass the time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a terrible time watching this.  There are not even any bad parts, it's just awful.    I don't want to give this movie the lowest rating possible, because it's not that bad.  However, it is a bad idea and a bad execution.  The plot is as follows: A woman has a bad dream that her friend has died in an accident.  It turns out she's dead, and she doesn't have a dream.  Then a man comes to visit her.  He gives her a necklace that he bought for her.     The bad part about this movie is the bad acting.  There are a few good parts in this movie.  I have heard it was a big box office hit in Japan, but I think that it got a much lower rating in the U.S.  If you want to see this movie, go watch a bad version of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a poor excuse for a film. It's an action movie in the same style as the action movies that came before it, and that's pretty much the problem. It just has one scene after another of bad fighting, and no real story. The only time there is anything funny is when a cop gets shot by a guy in a ski mask, and it's pretty funny, but it's not funny when it happens a hundred times in a row.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an action movie with some great action sequences. The first half of the movie is pretty standard fare.   The movie opens with a group of soldiers taking over a government building and killing everyone they see.  They don't seem to be going anywhere.  The military has captured and interrogated the leader of the group and he refuses to give up the leader.  A few other people who were captured with the leader end up being killed too.  They decide to take the leader on himself and it is pretty easy to see why.  After taking down the leaders and killing them, they get into a firefight and are pretty much killed.  This happens about three times before the soldiers decide to get the leader to give them his information.  We are treated to a few shots of the soldiers getting their head blown off and the movie then cuts to a close up of the leader's head.  At the end of the film, we see the leader get his head blown to pieces.  I was disappointed with the ending of the first half but it didn't change the movie in any way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I would rate this a 1.5 but it has so many things wrong with it, the bad acting, bad direction, bad writing, bad acting... it's just bad. It doesn't deserve a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a shame that a film like this is not made today. It was a good film, a shame it was not made in the 50s.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love this movie, it's just a bad bad movie.   This movie is a rip off of the movie "Blazing Saddles", with the same stupid characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I would rather have seen a remake of a much better movie.   The plot is simple: two brothers, who live on a small island in the middle of the ocean, have to solve a murder on their island, and, while solving it, discover a hidden world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched it several times, it is still a bad film.   I know, I know.  I didn't like this movie at all, it just was terrible!   This is one of the worst movies ever made.  The worst acting, the worst script, the most stupid acting ever, the best part is the "wacky" ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie that was meant to be good...   I think it's a shame that the makers of this film couldn't even get the time to do the job they were hired to do.   The production of this movie was pretty poor.  The characters were very forgettable and they were supposed to be the star's.  This movie really should have been called "Happenings".   There are only a couple of scenes that are worth watching and even they are pretty bad.  What really made this movie so bad was the lack of direction.  It seemed like it was just supposed to have some characters talking about some of their bad moments in life.  They are all about as forgettable as they come.  There were some nice moments though.  In fact, there was one sequence where a guy is going through the whole movie to try to figure out who killed his father.  I really wish that they would have at least done a second version of this.  But I suppose that wouldn't have been as bad as the first. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing to be said about this movie is that it is the worst movie ever made. It takes place in the year 2652 (that is the year that a group of alien beings landed in the Earth and created a race of humanoids that they then called "Elders"). The movie starts off with a huge battle in the sky between a group called the "Raptors" (some of whom are just humans) and the Elders. The Raptors take a big lead and it looks like they are going to win, until one of the Eldest, played by a guy named Richard Dreyfuss, manages to break the rules by flying too close to a flock of Raptors. Then, he manages to get the Elder, played here by John Hurt, to kill himself. The Elders then decide that the only way to keep the Eldorado safe is to send one of them to Earth. The only problem is that the Eldar can't even be trusted (at least in this movie). So, they send a guy (who looks a lot like a human) to Earth, to recruit a group that will be able to be trusted to kill the Raptors and save the Eldors. It doesn't work, and they wind up getting a bunch of humans on Earth to be trained in killing the Raptors. The movie ends with a big battle in space and then a bunch more humans are sent to Earth to kill a bunch (really, a whole bunch) of Raptors (which we learn later that they are called "Giant Slugs").   There is nothing good to say about this film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has nothing going for it.  It is a mediocre remake of a terrible movie.  The story is the same as the original.  There is a girl who is trying to escape from a bad guy who wants to make her into a "sissy".  I am not sure who is the bad guy but I doubt the girl is going to get much of a better ending than she got.  I also don't know why this remake is so bad.  In the original, the bad guys are evil and the girls are good.  Here they are just bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an entertaining movie about a crazy man, who is trying to save his wife, from the clutches of a demon. I found it to be quite a laugh, which is a pity, because I think it would be much more entertaining if it was about the other half of the story, which actually happened to my wife.  The first half of this movie is about a woman named Etta, who runs a small hotel and has just got married to a man named Herman.  I am sorry for the bad movie, I was just enjoying it so much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was awful, and the actors and crew were incompetent.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched a few horror films in my time. I thought that this was a little different, but then again I think the movie just makes you laugh. The story is told in the most ridiculous manner and at times I thought it was just made up as the characters were talking. I would recommend this movie to a horror fan, it is a good time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love this movie. It's like the classic 80s B-movie, but with a twist.  In this movie, we see a guy named Mr. White (Richard Roundtree) being chased by the cops after being involved in a hit and run.  He ends up on a yacht and after a few drinks, he gets into a drunken brawl with a couple of bikers who beat him up.    This is one of the most famous scenes in all of B-movies.  We're not supposed to like Mr. W. but he's such a fun character.  I always enjoy a good B-Movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was horrible, and I mean that in the worst possible way. I have seen worse movies, but this was really, really bad. This is a terrible film, and it will make you want to throw up at the screen. I hate to say it, but it was a very cheap, crappy, cheap excuse for a horror movie. The acting was atrocious, and the story was laughable. The gore was just not that good, and there was absolutely no thrills to be had.   I would definitely not recommend this movie to anyone. The only people I would recommend it to would be those who like low budget horror, and those who enjoy the "horror of things that go bump in the night." If you want a cheap horror movie that is good for a laugh, then give this a look. If you are looking for a good horror film, or for a movie that you can watch on a dark rainy night with a group of friends, then this is not it. If only the actors and director could find a way to make the movie more exciting, or make the story more interesting, or just have more original ideas. This movie is just an excuse for bad acting, and a story that is not interesting. This film is a waste of time, and you should pass on this one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this to be a poorly written movie, the only real thing about this movie is that it looks like it's made by the same people who made the "Superman" series. The plot is lame, the actors are all terrible and the director is also a hack.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very mediocre movie that I would say is the worst in the series.   The ending was also really stupid  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm just gonna leave this here: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this on the strength of a really bad review by The Guardian:    I thought it was awful, like the bad part of a good film.   There is a guy who works in a movie theatre, and he goes to see a horror movie. He has to be rescued by a little girl, but the little girl is so little she has to crawl under the screen to reach it.  It's really not much better than this, and this is where I gave up on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no idea what it wants to be, it's about a boy who becomes a ninja, and has a bunch of kung-fu movies and fights that don't go anywhere. It was only half-good, but it's not the worst kung fu movie ever.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last act of the movie is so predictable that it's funny: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't think the movie is bad, but it doesn't come close to being a masterpiece.   While the story is well told, the characters are not.  The most important thing about the movie was the character development, which was pretty good, especially with the two main characters.  It was like watching a young boy playing the piano while his mother tells him stories.  As for the acting, it's pretty good but not great.  I liked the way the director, Mr. Sato, used a lot of fast edits to give the movie a fast pace.  This is a film about a young girl who goes out and plays.  She falls in love with a boy who likes her.  But her mother is very strict and tells her she must marry him.  Her mother is not really an evil person, but she does have a good sense of humor.  For a girl to love a boy so much, she must be very stubborn, but if she can't get over her mother's strictness, she'll never be happy.  While I'm not sure I would have been so much in love if I were the girl in the movie, I did enjoy it at times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies where it seems like it would be funny if it weren't so stupid.  If you don't laugh then you're in the wrong room.    I really can't say much other than to avoid it if at all possible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first time I heard about this movie, I thought it was an epic comedy. But it's far more than that, in fact, it's a horror movie! It is very well made, and well-acted, but the horror element is very slight. It's a pretty typical story about a guy with a strange problem, but it's done in a pretty interesting way.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a pretty bad movie. It has all the makings of being a bad film. It's not bad because of the plot or the acting, but because of how the story is told.   The movie starts out with a group of kids that go to the beach to swim. They have a couple of problems.  First off, there are no people on the beach.  Second, it's hot.  Third, there is no shade to the sand.  Fourth, they all have the same skin color.  Fifth, the waves are moving around like crazy.  Sixth, a couple in a car passes by.  Seventh, a man walks by. The first three things are the kind of things you wouldn't expect to happen in a summer movie.  But that's not the bad part.  They go to get lunch, and the guy at the table has the same dark skin as them.  And then the girl who is always in the front seat of the car suddenly gets up to go back to the table.  That's it.  The guy is annoyed, the girl is annoyed.  So, they decide to take a walk.  This leads to some of the most awful things ever to happen on the film.  I won't go into detail about how awful it is, but I will just say that there are a lot of things in this movie that are just so out of place that it makes you wonder how it was made.  It's like they were trying to be funny but they just couldn't be.  Then there's the beach where they're going to go to swim and there's a guy that they see on the way.  When they get there, they see him and the others have all the same features as him.  Of course, they start to make fun of him. They ask why he's in their group.  He says he's just visiting his family and they don't like the beach there.  Now, I can't imagine why they didn't just tell him to leave.  Oh, well.  Eventually, they go to sleep and when they wake up, they find they're not on the same beach. What's even more awful is that the next morning they go out to the same beaches and they're all the exact same.  To make matters worse, they end up in the same place.  One is the beach with the guy from the first movie, and one
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movies I have ever seen!   The film is based on a novel by James Jones, a former cop who was involved in the murder of his wife, who had been raped and killed in the bedroom of their home. Jones was later arrested for the crime.   This film is a combination of police procedurals with a horrible plot and horrible acting.  I had a horrible time watching this film and thought it was so bad that I would not be surprised if this film was made in the 70's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first time I saw this movie was in a theater and was totally unimpressed.   It's a very slow paced, over-wrought, overplayed and over-exaggerated action movie.  The bad guy is just a pathetic coward, and all the other bad guys just seem to be there to be killed off.  I'm sure it's supposed to be a western but it has none of the charm of a good western.  It is supposed to show that the west is good, and it does show that.  But it's so slow paced and over the top.  One scene after another.  And it has one of the worst dialogue I've ever heard.  If you are looking for a good action movie this is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A mediocre, poorly directed movie that is only enjoyable because the cast is so entertaining to watch. The story, about a man who has a small penis, is more of a "how to" manual on how to get a tiny penis to get laid.   The movie is filled with scenes of the man masturbating, getting into the bathtub with a large cock, getting fucked in the ass, being filmed by a camera girl, the list goes on. This movie is just a collection of scenes where he can't even get his small penis to fit into a girl's pussy.   the worst part of the movie is the fact that he keeps getting more and more desperate to have sex with a girl until he actually has to use a condom!   I can't say the movie has any redeeming qualities because it really is just boring. There are some scenes where it could have been a lot better but it never really manages to make it more than that.   I'd say the cast of the film is pretty good so it's not like they were wasted on this project but it still is a pretty bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is an epic failure.   It is a typical tale of a man with a small fortune.  He decides to go to a small town and live off the land.  But things don't go as planned.  First of all, he is a complete fool.  It takes him 3 hours to find his way to town.  I mean really, where is this guy supposed to go?  Then he meets a girl named Sue who is also a total idiot.  Sue tries to help him by offering to go with him on a hunt.  Unfortunately, she makes him promise to give her a hundred dollars if he is caught.  This is a terrible promise to make, but it is made anyway.  Anyway, they go on a long journey and soon become lost in the woods.  When they finally get to town they find the town has been burned to the ground.  Then they are captured by the town sheriff.  Now the town is really in a bad situation.  They are running low on money and don't have much in the way of food.  All they have left are a few bottles of alcohol.  So there you have it.  The sheriff is trying to get revenge on the man who ruined his town. I guess it makes sense, since this guy ruined his whole life.  If you have a few bucks to spare and you don't mind watching an idiot suffer for a few hours, then this is probably a good movie to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is nothing but a piece of crap, it was terrible, the story, the acting, the plot, the characters, the music...everything was a mess, it seemed that the director was going to write a movie that was similar to the one that he did with the movie "The Thing" with one minor difference, that the monsters are actually real! I could not stand this movie and I think it was made by a bunch of drunk people!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most horrible movie ever made.   This movie is just a bunch of jokes that are so bad they are funny, and it is made worse by the fact that this movie is an advertisement for a certain type of diet.  The movie was made to promote a diet that consists of eating all the foods of the world in a very fast and disgusting manner.  This is the kind of movie that you would only watch if you wanted to see someone get a huge stomach, get all fat, and die. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a complete waste of time. It's a short story about a man who becomes obsessed with a small stuffed animal he bought in a shop and goes on a bizarre adventure.  The film is very much a low budget production, which gives it a rather amateur look.  I had trouble watching this because it's a very simple story. It lacks the sense of fun that I'm sure would have been present if this were a much bigger budgeted film.   The whole film is about the man trying to find out what happened to the stuffed animal that he bought.  It's not clear why he's so obsessed with it, as he's never seen it before.  He can't get it to follow him around or move when he does something strange, but he does eventually find out why the stuffed toy has gone missing.  After the movie was over I just couldn't understand why anyone would watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie has no plot. No one knows anything about the movie and it goes on and on like a train wreck. I mean it's just bad. It has a great soundtrack, but the songs are horrible. They all sound the same. I hate that they used a man in a suit. I didn't like that it was a guy and a girl. That's not what this movie is about.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is awful! The cast is all bad and I am a fan of bad movies so this was just as bad as it looks.   I have watched this film about four times and I have never enjoyed it. I will probably not watch it again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're a big fan of the Star Trek franchise, you'll love this one.   The first part of this movie is a pretty good one, showing the crew of the Enterprise going through a series of challenges (some quite ridiculous) while trying to escape from a planet that seems to be made of wood.  It's not really a bad film by any stretch, but it's not great either.  If it was just the first part, it would still be enjoyable.  But after that, the film gets progressively worse.  The second part is basically a terrible, boring, boring space battle movie.  This one is a direct rip off of the first film, and if you're not familiar with the Star Wars movies, then this will probably seem familiar.  I guess it's better to look at these movies as a trilogy, as the first one is very good, but the second is just as bad as the last one, and the third is pretty bad.  What I really like about this movie, though, is that there are actually good character moments in it.  There are some fun action sequences, and there's a decent story.  In conclusion, if you like Star Trek and want to see more of it, then you should definitely check this out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This film is just plain bad. The story is a bunch of people getting lost in the woods. There are no characters, no dialogue, and no story. The only reason you are even watching is because it has a very creepy music score. It's really creepy, but it isn't very well done. The best thing about the film is that it really is the worst thing that has ever been made. It is a complete waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story was pretty much just a variation of the "man with a gun" story. There were some new twists in the ending.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In spite of the film's obvious flaws, it's a film that's a little too good to be true, and a little sad to be so good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In all honesty, it was a waste of time.  This is a movie about a kid named Ben (played by Ben Affleck), who is a total dork.    When he's not being a total douchebag, he's in high school and has a crush on a girl named Sarah.      Ben has a bit of a temper and can be a bit mean.  And I don't know about you, but I like Ben Afflleck!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is so simple it's like an onion.  This film is so cheesy it makes me want to vomit.  I mean really... I don't know how they can go so far to try and show that a movie like this isn't bad... it's so bad it's almost funny.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I like the first film. It's not as good as the other one, but it's still a good movie.   The film starts out like a B-grade film. The lead character, Joe, gets himself into trouble, which is solved by a pair of super heroes.     But this film, which I'm not sure was really a movie, has one of the most ludicrous plot twists I've ever seen.  The lead hero, who I have no idea what he is, gets in over his head, fights bad guys, and ends up having to deal with some of the worst acting in the history of cinema.  But the real kicker is how the whole thing is played for laughs, and this is especially true for the part where Joe gets stuck in a room with an evil witch and a bunch of monsters.  It is an un-film-worthy film, but that's all it is, an un-.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're looking for a comedy, this is the movie for you.   This movie is full of awful jokes and horrible acting.  There is not a lot of action in this movie and when it is there, it is just bad acting. This movie makes you want to vomit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The best movie of 2015 is not one that I really liked, nor did I really want to like it. It's got some cool visuals, and a fun story about a woman who discovers her husband has been cheating on her for the last decade, and it all comes to a horrible end.   I don't have any great expectations for the movie, and the story doesn't really add much to the mix, and even though I did like the concept of a woman finding out her husband was cheating, the movie never fully developed this character, and she doesn't feel real to me, which is kind of sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've seen this movie three times now, it's still bad. It's very much like the old TV show, but with worse acting, worse writing, and worse plot. The show was funny in its time, and now it is just plain stupid.   It is really just a bunch of old ladies who talk about how much they love to eat old people. It would be interesting to see how much of a meal a 70 year old man can eat, but I guess that's not the point of this film.  - A.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film starts with a black man walking into a bar and then getting into a fight. He's black, so he's probably just being a douchebag. Then he kills someone and runs away, and the cops chase him down. He tries to run away, but he's caught. He then tells the cop, "I ain't no racist. I only want to live!"   That's it. That's all we see of him. He walks up to a cop, punches him, runs away again, and then is killed by another cop.   A black man walks into a tavern, gets into a brawl, gets killed, and gets chased by cops. That is all we get. That tells me one thing: this film is racist. The movie's producer, William Friedkin, who wrote the screenplay, also wrote and directed the 1968 version of Chinatown. He obviously had a lot of money to waste, so I don't blame him for wanting to make a racist movie. It's certainly not the first time he's done it. There's a lot more in this film than the usual racism, but it's not a great movie. The acting is pretty good, but the movie is just so boring. If this was made by the NAACP or some other left-wing organization, I'd probably give it a higher rating. It doesn't really matter to me what the movie was actually about, because it's really racist. It has all the trappings of a racist film, and it doesn't even try to hide it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a movie that is supposed to be about a young woman who discovers the secret of eternal youth and decides to pursue it, there is no reason for the audience to care about the characters. It's the movie's writers and directors who should be ashamed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was terrible and had no value. I was supposed to be watching a great story about a brave man who fights the bad guys, the bad guy is a clown.   I got so frustrated that the movie kept getting worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible film. The story is stupid, the characters are stupid, and the plot is stupid. What the hell did he do with a dead body? It's even worse when you find out he had a gun. How the hell does this guy get away with it? It doesn't help that there is no tension, and there's no story. It's a boring story about a man who killed a dead guy. It makes me angry.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story of "Saving Private Ryan" is a true story, but it is only part of a story. There are other parts, and these parts are far more interesting.   As a veteran of the war, I have read numerous books about the war. I had been searching for a book about the American infantrymen who made the final assault on the German Army in the famous "Horsa" attack. I read numerous works, including "The Devil's Brigade," and many others, but none of them had a real grasp of the infantry's true capabilities. I decided to research my book. The research was a very frustrating experience, because there were no photographs or illustrations in my book, only descriptions, written in a very difficult and indecipherable writing. This was especially frustrating since, as a member of the 1st Battalion, 10th Marines, I had participated in a number of offensive actions during the war and had witnessed the heroism of our men in action.  There was not a single photograph in my work. My work was completely based on descriptions and descriptions of men who were in the same unit as the men described in the book.  The men described were from the 1/10th Marines (the 1/1st were still at the beachhead when the attack began), the men in my unit were from a division of the 3rd Marines (which was the "first wave" of the assault), and we had been fighting the Germans for three weeks in the vicinity of the beach.  These descriptions were all accurate. There were no embellishments, no "what ifs." The men were in full armor and had a wide range of equipment, including tanks, trucks, mortars, and artillery. These men were able to maneuver very well, and they were extremely well organized. They were well drilled, and I was able to learn a great deal from them.  All of the men were on the beach and had been in the attack for a few days before they came to the attack beach. All of them were exhausted, and the only thing that kept them going was the constant bombardment of the German forces on the shore. It was a battle that would be fought all day long, and we were ready to take a stand until we were completely wiped out.  I think that the best description of the entire experience of the attack was given by the veteran American infantryman in my group.  He said:  "We came in,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this movie in the summer of 1997 and it made me feel sick. This is the worst movie ever made.   It's like the people behind the camera don't understand the movie. The acting is awful and the story is horrible. It's so bad you'll have a hard time breathing for a week after seeing this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a waste of time.  It takes a boring old western story (about a guy who goes on a road trip to a casino to kill a bandit) and makes it even more boring by making the hero a bumbling loser who makes a lot of mistakes along the way.    Posted by Mark Fischbach at 2:45 AM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  It is so boring, boring, and stupid.  I don't think I've ever seen a movie so full of plot holes, nonsensical dialog, and bad acting.  The plot is so confusing and nonsensical.   It starts with the family moving to the city and their new house.    They live in a basement that's just a regular house with a big hole in the wall.  They move into the house and get into a big fight with a neighbor over a bunch of things.  Then, it gets weird.  Apparently, they have an animal, a dog, which they don't care for and that they don the whole time.  What a weird movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie's got nothing to do with the original source material (if you haven't seen the original, it's an 80's teen movie starring Tilda Swinton as the evil witch in a witch house), it's just a re-run of an 80s cartoon with no originality or wit.  So much of the movie is recycled, even the "plot" is recycled from the original.    One of the many things that irked me about this film is the use of the word "bully".   This is a good movie and it's good to see Swinton back in action but it's also a shame that they decided to use that word so frequently. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't get the reference, this movie is an allegory about what happens when a group of students are invited to attend a "secret society" meeting of the super rich.  I am not kidding.    I'm not even kidding when I say that this movie takes itself WAY too seriously and never takes itself seriously enough to be interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the most boring and boring movie ever made!   It's a film so lame that it would make any of those old B-movies look like a masterpiece.   The story is based on a true story about a man and a dog who are attacked by a tiger and run away from the tiger.  The movie then has a bunch of people trying to rescue them and get them back to their village.  When they get back, the villagers have all died of a horrible sickness.  This sick sickness has to do with people being in constant pain and then suddenly being attacked by another group of people.  It gets even worse when the man and the dog are taken to a hospital where they are treated like the sick and the animals.  What makes the movie even worse is that it's the only thing that is made up.  I mean, there are no tigers, no dogs, no villagers and no diseases.  So why the heck does it make a good movie?   Because of the acting.  These people are so annoying and annoying that they make you laugh.  They have such a hard time acting that they do make it through the whole movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this movie and it was just awful. The acting was bad and the acting in general was just terrible. The bad acting, and the poor direction of this movie was so bad that I didn't care about the movie. The plot was weak. The whole story was lame. The story just ended with some lame "they have to get to the truth of it" story. The movie was made for people who liked bad movies, and bad acting.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film follows the lives of the two main characters, a guy and his girlfriend, and a bunch of other people.  They meet a man who is a priest, and they begin to do something to try to make the priest's house less boring.  The priest is actually pretty interesting.  He was one of the people who tried to save the world from nuclear holocaust, but instead, we have a nuclear holodomor that is going to wipe out half the world.      I don't know why this was made, it just is.  I am a sucker for religious stuff, and this is a pretty good religious story.  There are some interesting ideas in it.  First of all, it's possible that the nuclear holomor will be caused by a god who is also an evil god.  Second of all there is a big conflict between the good god and the evil god, so it seems to be a pretty interesting world.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this movie with my friend and we both enjoyed it. It was really funny and it was good at times. I thought the movie was well made but it was not a good movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a film that is more or less made by accident, the result of a group of men who have been involved in a series of strange accidents. I would recommend this to those who like science fiction.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A boring movie with a terrible story, but a great soundtrack.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not expecting much from this film.  The story is simple, an elderly couple goes to an estate to visit their old friends.   They have never been here before, and the old people are very nice.  I didn't see any magic, so I didn' t expect much.  The only thing that surprised me is that the old folks were very nice, and they seemed to be enjoying themselves.  It was a very pleasant film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed with this movie. I have never heard of the author, and am not a big fan of horror/supernatural stuff. However, this was a real shocker! I was shocked at the ending! I felt like I had seen it all before! I have read a couple of reviews, and it seemed like it was really bad, but it was a lot worse than I thought! It's all about a guy, who has the ability to see spirits. When he has a bad day, he goes to a haunted house, and is killed in his sleep. It is a very sad story.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have to be honest: I had a hard time getting into this movie. It felt like a slow, boring, uninteresting mess of a movie.   It's basically the story of a young man who becomes obsessed with the girl who saved his life during a car crash.  The plot is pretty good, I suppose, and the story itself is pretty simple and predictable, but I don't see how the movie could have been better.  There's a pretty big disconnect between the story and the characters, and it just made me feel sad for the main character.  This is not the worst movie I've seen, but it's not good either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the last movie I saw before I moved to the States. I'm not sure if I'm even supposed to talk about this movie, I mean I know it sucks, but I guess you have to give a movie a chance. I think the only redeeming quality is the music. There are a lot of tracks on here that sound like they were ripped out of the soundtrack of a 70's movie. I was laughing hysterically as the bad guy was getting ready to take down a group of young guys in the theater. But I couldn't tell you what happened in the movie. It was just boring. I mean, why did the guys come to the theater? Because the girl said it was "cool". No I didn't say it was cool. I said it's cool that a guy would come to a movie to see a chick. It's not like I'm saying "hey look, a chick and a guy". It's just a guy and a chick in a movie. The bad guy doesn't get much more serious than this. It seems like there's a lot going on in this movie. So why the heck would I watch it? I guess I liked the movie, it's kind of funny, but not much else.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this movie when I was 12 years old and I was so confused and disappointed about it.   The story is about a girl named Lilli who gets pregnant by a boy named James.  Lilli is the daughter of a farmer and James is a farm boy who loves to go on rides and scare the people.  The farmer and the farmer's wife were killed in a car crash and it's James' responsibility to look after Lilli.  He is also trying to marry Lilli's mother and he is so cruel that when he finds out Lilli has a boyfriend, he takes her to a deserted place where she gets raped by an animal.  I'm sorry, but this movie is so stupid.  After Lilli gets pregnant James and her mom move to a new place and the new home is so nice that James and Lilli are very happy together.  Then one day the woman dies of a heart attack and James has to take care of her while Lilli goes to the new place to have the baby.  This is when James starts to hate Lilli so much that he starts to think about killing her.  James is so sad that he is ready to kill her if she has a baby with another guy.  But then the woman comes back to life and Lilli says that she has the child and she wants to take the child with her to the other place.  As Lilli leaves the new house James and his mom catch her in a trap.  At first Lilli thinks James is the man who has taken the baby from her. But then she finds out that James is really her husband who took the baby after her death.  That's when James is forced to kill his wife and himself.  So it's a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, we have a bad dude who is an ex-convict.  He's trying to make some easy money on the streets by robbing banks.    I don't think the movie has a lot of redeeming qualities.  I like the movie.  It's not bad, but it doesn't have much going for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is terrible, and if you watch it, you might as well skip this movie completely.   It has a number of ridiculous elements that are supposed to be hilarious.  A couple of the characters are ridiculous, such as a talking toilet, and the narrator, who is a bad man who thinks he is a great man.  The story is an obvious rip off of "Funny Face"   The movie was so bad that it was given a R rating, so if you have seen a movie that is a rip off, don't even bother watching this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really enjoyed this movie.   For a few years now I have been thinking about how to make a good horror movie. It's a pretty easy process, but it can be done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was supposed to be a real treatise on the American Civil War, but it's really just a bunch of poorly acted cliches with an awful soundtrack.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really had a good time with this film. I really enjoyed it. The story is a little predictable, but the characters are pretty well done and the dialogue is witty. The film is a nice throwback to the 1970s and 80s when action movies were great. This film is really fun to watch and has lots of action scenes and awesome special effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was excited to see this film but the plot was terrible, the actors were not very good, and the script was just boring.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a horrible, terrible, bad movie that makes me feel nauseous just thinking about it. I mean, the fact that this is a horror film and has a creepy little clown and that it's basically a horror movie is pretty much icing on the cake. It is an absolute bore and is filled with so much bad acting and bad acting in general that I'm surprised it even has a release.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So much bad in this movie. I'm sorry to see that this movie did not reach me.   It was a very slow pace, there was nothing to keep my interest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is interesting and there is a lot of action. There are several "mysteries" that you will need to solve. It is a little short at times. I enjoyed it and the action was good, but I would not recommend this movie for the average movie goer.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a lot from this movie, and I think that a lot of people are in the same boat.  It's a great movie, with some amazing set pieces.    But I think there are a lot more than the one you get from the trailer.  What I liked:   This movie has a few things that I like about it:  - The ending   - It has a nice cast, and is good for a family movie  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a pretty lame, stupid movie. The only interesting part is how a young girl has to deal with the evil wizard's evil evil sister.   The only thing that makes the movie interesting is how there's a big scene in the middle that is so good, and so evil, that it makes you want to run the other way, as fast as you can. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only movie I have ever seen about a family that has no children. I'm not sure that's a good thing to say about a movie. It's a sad film about a mother who does not want to have children of her own and her family has always been unhappy. It is sad to watch the father (George Miller) and his family be happy and at peace. This movie isn't bad. It isn't a masterpiece. It was made for $500. I have no idea how it's making money, but I can tell you that the film isn't very good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is all about the romance between the two lead characters: the young man who wants to get married and be happy, and the woman who wants him to take her on a wild adventure. It is a romantic movie, but not in the way that it should be. There are no strong or compelling female characters in this movie. They are just props for the male lead, who has the hots for his beautiful co-star. He doesn't seem to understand that he is in love with a woman who is not interested in him. He keeps trying to win her over, and at one point tries to kiss her, but she does not want to be kissed. They do some great stunt work, and there are some great fight scenes. The music is also good. This movie should not be watched by those who think romantic movies are all about kissing and dancing.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a great opening, with a great car chase.  A really great car chases, because they are all very well choreographed and have great cars.   I don't have a favorite scene or sequence in the film, but I do have a few favorites.  There are a couple of cool car chase scenes, and the whole movie has some awesome car chasing, with some great car stunts.  It's fun.  But there are some problems with the film.  First of all, I am not a big fan of the villain.  I really can't say I hated him.  He's like a villain in a James Bond movie, where he has some fun stuff going on.  You have to see this guy's car, because it is awesome.  Second, I don't like the ending.  And, as I said, the film had some awesome chases.  The whole movie just kind of drags. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot, and that is a good plot. There's nothing wrong with it. It's just a bad film. It had the potential to be a good film, but the direction and the acting just aren't good. It seems like a film that was made by someone who was bored. It just doesn't have any good ideas.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the only reason this film is still in theatres is because of the actors. They are the best the industry has to offer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I found this movie a bit lame to me. It's got a "happy ending" for the most part. However, it just seems like there's no real character development.   The plot was interesting enough to keep me interested and the acting was okay but the dialogue was just awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie that is nothing but a joke. It is not a very good movie, but it is a pretty funny movie. The only good thing about this movie is the ending and the scene at the end of the movie is really good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I have ever seen. I really didn't see what the movie was about at all. The whole movie is about a man that is trying to get a woman into bed with him by saying that he is a scientist. The movie then cuts to his wife and then to the guy who is going to be his wife's husband and then the movie cuts back to the husband. This guy looks like he could be a real scientist but he is just a loser. The only thing I can say about this movie is that it is really bad. It was so bad that I thought the producers would just throw in a couple of nudity scenes and call it a day. The last few minutes were even worse. I wish that the director would have just left the camera on the screen. I would have loved to have been watching this in the theater with my dad. I will never be going to a movie theater again and I would like to warn all the other movie lovers out there that there is a good chance that this movie will be in your local movie theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a man who, on the way home from the bar one night, has an accident that results in the death of his wife.  He doesn't have any friends left to help him get over it.  I'm sorry, I don't know what to think of this movie.  It was a bad idea, a bad script, a very poorly done and directed movie. I would not recommend it to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm surprised that I didn't give this movie a lower score than it deserves. I didn'st expect anything from this movie, I mean, why would you spend your time trying to teach a dog to do a dog thing? Well, it's a good movie, but not very funny. I guess you have to see this movie to get the jokes, but the comedy is so far behind the humor in the movie that I'm sure the movie would be much funnier if it were in Spanish.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film itself is a bit of a slog. The characters are one dimensional. It's obvious from the very beginning that the director's intentions are to make it look like a "straight-forward" thriller. It doesn't really try to be any of those things. It just kind of sits there with a few plot twists and an over-the-top ending. The film looks great in black and white, but the picture quality is just average.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just had a hard time believing the title of this film. It seems like a cheap rip off of a movie that is much better. It is just a bunch of people hanging out in a big tent and having a great time. It was very interesting seeing how these characters developed and grew and I liked that this was a film about a man and his daughter. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was so excited to see this movie and the trailer was so cool! I had to see it!   Unfortunately, this movie sucks.   First of all, we are introduced to a pretty bad looking girl who we are told will be played by Scarlett Johansson.  I thought that was going to be a little different but, it wasn't.  She is a little girl who is pretty, she has some sort of super powers and she is a good girl who loves her brother.  But we are then told that she will be a bad girl and bad boy who is a bad guy.  The movie then follows her as she goes from bad girl to bad boy.  And then it ends with a twist and we are left with a bad ending.     The story was a little predictable at times.  A girl that is super powerful and doesn't seem to know anything about her powers, a good boy and a bad boy all with a bit of a twist to it.  It was pretty cool and I thought it was a fun movie to watch.  My only complaint is that the movie was so bad that it ruined the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a low budget, low budget film that I can only think of as a "bogus" comedy. It has no heart whatsoever. The characters are boring and the acting is laughable.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I have ever seen!   A few people are involved and the plot is awful.   I hate it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie starts off in a normal fashion. It begins with a shot of a black man (not the black man of the title) walking along a street. His head is shaved, his face is a little rough around the edges, he looks to be a little drunk, but he does seem to be able to find a job. He walks by a window and sees a woman sitting in a chair in a dark room. She appears to be reading a book, she has a book with her. Her hair is dark brown and she appears to have an accent. He does not say anything, but stares at her. She turns her head to the side, as if to look out of the window. He begins to get uneasy. He looks out of his window, his head tilts to the left and he begins to look around the room. He sees a small table in the middle of the room, it appears to contain a candle, a lamp and a candle holder. There are pictures on the wall, including a couple of women in bikinis, as well as a man with a woman. He stands there for a moment, then goes over to a door on the side of the house. He knocks, and opens the door. There is no answer. He goes back to the window and looks out. He hears voices outside. He turns back to his window. The woman is gone, but there is a woman who seems to be standing by the window, who appears to look at him as he stands there. The movie ends with the words "The first black man in Hollywood".
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was so bad, that the producers actually thought they could sell it as a comedy. It was not funny at all.   This is not the first movie about a retarded kid, and it won't be the last. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes for this movie, but I'm sorry to say that this is a terrible movie that lacks even the slightest of redeeming features.  What's really going on here?  We have two characters, played by Mark Ruffalo and James McAvoy, and we watch as the world's worst magician is unleashed upon a small New England town, only to be foiled by a local girl who knows how to use magic.   I'm not sure how I felt about this movie.  It's the kind of movie that's supposed to be funny, but the jokes aren't funny.  I have no idea why they thought this was a good idea.  The story is so stupid, and the characters are so uninteresting, that I don't think this was ever going to be a funny movie. I'm sure the producers of this movie will get a lot of free publicity for their movie, and maybe I'm just bitter, but to me, this movie is just another example of Hollywood thinking that a dumb movie will make a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film has an interesting story but doesn't make it interesting enough to keep me interested for a long time.    This film is not the worst I have seen but it's not the best either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story follows a group of people living in a tiny cabin. They have been living there for a few years and have all gotten along fine until the young couple moves into the house. There is nothing unusual about them except for the fact that one of them is a dwarf. She is so short that one would have thought she had shrunk. This leads to an argument when one of the young people decides to take her out to see a movie. What follows is a little slice of life with the dwarf and the young girl having a lot of fun. However, after a while, the dwarf is seen with a group who are obviously a little bit more than she can handle. She then gets into a fight with one of her group and ends up badly beaten. The movie gets a little strange after that. It was never really clear why the dwarf wanted to go out with this group and why she chose to leave with them. I guess that the story ended up being about her growing up and having a normal life, but the movie just did not work for me.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an un-entertaining, uninspired, uninteresting and unoriginal film that makes a bad case for itself as a film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really expecting this movie to be the complete opposite of the first film. But that's not what I got. This movie is just a bad horror film that doesn't bother with any kind of horror at all. It just features a bunch of teenagers who get together to do stupid shit in a creepy mansion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first time I watched this, I didn't like it, I just wanted to get the fuck out of there. Then I watched it again, then I watched again, and again. It's like watching the same movie over and over. And yet, I keep watching it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't think there's any bad movie in this film. I'd actually say it's a good movie.   It has a lot of scenes that were funny to me and are funny to other people, like the guy in the wheelchair with the glasses and the man with the dog.  And the way the film is shot is really good.  It's just funny.  The only bad parts are the "spy" scenes and the scenes where the guys talk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie, full of clichés, bad acting, and a bad plot.  The characters are so stupid and the acting is horrible.    I don't know what the director was thinking by making this film.  The first half of the film is really boring and not a good movie.  There is a lot of unnecessary sex, violence, and stupid dialogues.  I'm not a big fan of this kind of movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this in a movie theater in New York City a few years ago. It was awful. The script was terrible, and the acting was bad. I never liked the movie, but I never thought that it was bad at all. The film was a comedy about a bunch of New Yorkers who take a road trip to the desert and end up getting lost and then finding out that they're on the wrong road. They end up fighting each other and then the other road goes through a small town. I have no idea why the filmmakers thought that this would be a good movie. It's just bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had a blast seeing the movie.   The movie was pretty well done.  The only thing I didn't like was the fact that there were too many people in the movie which made it feel like a bunch of friends sitting around a campfire. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot is very convoluted and a bit boring. The film is made to look like a documentary but that's the only way to do it. There's no emotion in this movie and you can hardly even believe the actors are actors.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has everything to make it a good flick: the acting is all fine, the storyline is interesting, the action is well-executed, and the visual effects are good. It's just too bad that there isn't any suspense to it, and nothing to be taken seriously.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, this is a terrible movie.  I don't know who is behind this movie, but I'm sure it's a group of young people who are all in a band and are on a tour around the country.  There's a lot of drugs and alcohol involved, and it doesn't seem like the people who make the movie are really taking it seriously.    The lead singer is the most annoying character.  I can't stand him.     When the movie starts, the lead singer asks his band to perform for him, but they say they are too tired and won't even do a song.  The lead singer then gives them the option of playing with his friends or going on the road with him. The lead singers friend suggests they take a little road trip, and the lead band is willing to go, but the lead guitarist is not so sure.  They are going to a big party at a mansion, and they are all drunk and rowdy.  As they are driving off the road, the singer says, "I wish we'd never met."  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a bad idea to bring in a real life person like this to make the movie better.  He is a bit weird and he doesn't make the best impression, at least on me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The worst film of the year so far.   It is not funny and I am very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that I have watched at least a dozen times, most recently when I was at the cinema with my mother. This is the story of a father who takes his three sons on a camping trip. The first one is called Jack, and his brother is called Pete.  Jack has a habit of getting into a lot of trouble. He goes off on a little adventure and gets lost. He is found by his mother who takes him home and feeds him and he grows up to be a man. Pete, however, doesn't get the same chance.  The first thing that happened to Pete was that he fell down a well. The other two boys follow in his footsteps and fall down the well as well.   I can see where this movie was supposed to be about.  But I never felt like the movie was actually telling a good story.  It was mostly just a bunch of kids trying to get lost and getting into mischief.  I also think that there should be a lot more action in this movie.  This movie could have been a lot better had there been more fights, more running around, more fighting, and more people getting hurt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is about a girl who meets a strange man, a circus performer, who tells her she can find a magical lamp, which will bring her to the home of a famous fairy. The story ends with the girl's arrival in the fairy's home. It is all a bit silly and over-acted, but it is also a good movie with a good message.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What is wrong with the movie is that it does not have any redeeming value whatsoever. It is just an excuse for the movie makers to play around with camera angles, set pieces and sound effects. It makes no sense whatsoever and its very disappointing for a movie that is supposed to be about a family, with a child.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was so long ago, and it was made in the sixties and it is the greatest, worst, dumbest movie ever made, that I still can't believe how it can exist in this day and age, or how any film studio would think this is a good idea, it's like a bunch of people sat around a table and decided to make a film about the end of the world and they did a horrible job at it and I thought "Why would I watch this, it is so awful". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with a black and white shot of a girl looking at a book, with a narrator explaining the plot:   A young woman, Mary, has an affair with the man who runs the local circus. She has to take care of him while he is away from the circus. He takes her to his mansion for a weekend.   This seems to be a rather typical story of the evil witch. However, the real witches have been all but forgotten. Mary's father comes to visit her, and they have a rather strange and disturbing conversation. The father explains that Mary has to go to the circus and that he will pay for it. She is a bit confused about this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    - A story about a girl, who is obsessed with getting an "O" for a spelling test she never had.     - What the hell was that?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that the director has been talking about for decades. There are plenty of examples of this sort of thing in movies, especially horror movies, but they all have one thing in common: the bad guy has a very specific look, a very narrow look that is always very threatening. In the case of the Bad Guy, he is always seen at night with a glowing red eye and his voice is very deep. There is a kind of fear in his eyes. There's also a sense of foreboding in the way he looks and a sense that he has no regard for the human race. I have to say that I am glad that I didn't bother to get a copy of this movie, because I probably would have turned away before I got to the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  We have a movie, with no dialogue and not even an ending.  This is not a bad thing by any means, but it does leave you wondering what the hell happened.  The only things we do learn are the characters' names and that they were all in a car accident.  We don't get much else and I found myself wondering how they were going to get out of the car in the first place.  I did not like this movie.  It just didn't do anything right.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are a few good things about the movie: The main character, a former Marine, is a great character, I liked his personality, and I liked the plot. The story is about an ex-Marine and his former wife. He's now a private investigator and is trying to find out what happened to his ex-wife. But the film is full of plot holes, and the main character is so stupid.   One of the best movies of all time: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So I was not looking forward to this movie at all, even when it was being billed as a "dramatic" thriller. But it was nothing like that at all. It was really just a very bad movie.   I can't tell if it was the acting or the story, or the bad script or the poor directing that turned me off. But I'm not sure if I ever really liked this movie. It made me want to avoid movies like this ever again. I can't believe I spent so much money on this, and I just feel bad for everyone involved.   the writing was really terrible: I'm sure if they had written it with a first person point of view, it would have been better. But the point of this movie is not the story itself, it's the "plot". It was a terrible plot to start with. I could have cared less about the main character, who was a little boring. He just had to be an extra in every movie they make. And the other characters were all just a bunch of dull characters. They were really all just there to be extras.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I know that I can't be the only person that had to do a double take the first time they put on this movie. I know this is an early '70s movie but it's a little different from the ones that were made in the 60's and 70's. It has a little more humor, a little less seriousness. It was filmed in an abandoned school.   The only way that I could picture this movie was in a movie theatre. The audience was standing in the aisles and watching as the teacher walked out of the classroom. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I would not recommend this movie to anyone. It is just a terrible film and the acting is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has no plot, just a series of people getting shot up by a zombie.   It's really sad, and I would never recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  this is a good movie, but the film could have been much better. It's a little bit too close to the books, but not bad.  I like how the author's own writing style (not a huge fan of it) is used in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      My wife and I were invited to a dinner party at a friend's house. We had been told that the food was excellent. We did not want to waste any time and went right to the buffet. We were seated at the bar and a few minutes later the hostess came in to take our order. We looked at each other in horror and she pointed to the menu and said, "You are lucky, you get a side order of the fried potatoes with cheese. " Then she turned to me and said "The side order is for you and your friends."   It was at that point that I realized I had no idea what was going on. What a bizarre meal. It reminded me of something out of "The French Chef" or "Bon Appetit." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie about a man and a dog who have the best time ever. It is a story about a very stupid man and his dog, who are living in the middle of nowhere in a little cabin. One day they are both on a trip and the dog thinks it is the time to get his dinner. Well, the man does not even think about going out to get some food and ends up getting a bad case of food poisoning, and the worst part is that he gets really sick and dies in a ditch.   The film is just so stupid, I could not even watch it because I had to leave out the most hilarious scenes and even that part was just silly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't care how good the script is. I just don't think it's any good. I mean, I don;t see how a movie like this would get any more than a $2,000 budget, right? Well, it did, but this is not the kind of movie that has a chance at any of that. I don?t know what's more embarrassing, the fact that the movie was even produced at all, or the fact the studio decided to put it in the name of a pretty boy who didn?t have a chance in hell of making it, or that the film had no name to begin with. And then, of course, there?s the whole thing about the girl, that the studio really thought was hot. I can see how they came up with it, but I just can?t see it. She was just another one of the girls they thought could be used to get the studio more money. I hope it was a fluke.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half of the movie was ok, but as time goes on the story starts to get worse and worse, the first half was very simple and easy to understand.     It's very easy to see how the plot of the first movie ends and how the second movie will be like, and it's very interesting to see a sequel that will be more or less similar to the first one, and not at all similar to how the movie began.  The movie starts off very similar to what the first film started out as, with a guy named Jack being chased by the same kind of guy that the first character was chased by.  I actually really liked this movie, but I do think that the plot was a little better than the first. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In all honesty I had no interest in this movie other than for a few laughs and I had not seen the original. I thought I would like the new movie and I do have a few quibbles about it but mostly about the acting and the direction and the script and the ending. The acting is really bad and the directing is just awful. The film has no idea what to do with the movie. It is an awkward mess and I would not recommend it to anyone. I give it a C
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "I'd never been in a movie where the camera was like a sniper rifle, where every shot made the hair stand on end. This was a movie with no special effects, just a bunch of people doing things that you could do yourself."  - David S. Goyer
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen.  No offense to the filmmakers, who are all wonderful, but this is not a movie that is worth watching.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst films I have ever seen. It was written and directed by a man who is incapable of making any good film. He seems to have taken his inspiration from the French classic, "La Cage aux Folles"  . I have no idea why a man can't write good movies anymore, but the man is still out there, creating another of his terrible movies.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was one of the worst films I have seen in a long time.  I thought it was going to be a good film, but it was terrible.  I thought it would have been good if it had ended with a different ending, like a different kind of movie.  It was really boring, it wasn't like anything I have ever seen before.   I would never go see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have to get a grip on a bad film, this is it.  I hate it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a terrible mess that will have you laughing out loud at most of the funny bits. There is nothing interesting about the story or the characters. The story is really boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  We are going to start with a review about this movie.  I watched it and it was bad.    I was not into the movie but the first half was very boring.  There was not much action, not much dialogue and most of it was done in one of those boring car chases.  What really made me laugh was when the guy driving the car turned into the same road and back.  This movie is really bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a good movie for a bad time.   If you like cheap thrillers, then watch this.  This movie features a guy that works at a department store.  The story begins when he finds a mysterious box in his store and goes to the police station to see what is in it.  He finds out that the box is actually the secret of the world.  It is a man named Rufus who is a thief who can see all things, and he has been trapped in the box for decades.  There are many things that are in the store. Some things you see from the outside, some things from the inside, and some things you don't see at all.  I thought this was a pretty good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping that this movie would be better than the terrible original. I guess it is but not by much. I have to say that it was a bit of a chore to get through the movie. It just didn't feel like the movie was making any progress at all. I know the ending was a big surprise but the rest of the movie felt like nothing more than a list of things that have happened since the last time we saw the old gang. The story is not bad and there are some good scenes in it but it just doesn't come together. I'm not saying this is a bad film it just has too many problems to be a good one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's not as bad as I remember it, but still a lot of things go wrong here. I had to re-read the movie a few times because the movie itself is just so wrong. A man goes on a quest to find his wife, only to find she's not who she claims to be. A lot of the action scenes are a little rushed. And some of the dialogue is ridiculous, like the movie is going for a campy, cheesy feel. I mean, seriously, how is the guy even going to find the woman in the first place if he doesn't speak in a proper British accent? The ending of the movie was probably the worst part.    The Good:  The character designs are good and there are some nice locations in the movie.  Overall: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is horrible and the only good thing is that they used an original idea in this one.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a piece of crap!   The plot is boring, the actors are not good, and the director is a jackass who makes a movie out of his friends.   I wish they would get their asses kicked and go home! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a waste of time.  It was a bunch of people who had to be dragged along by a man who wanted to be an action hero.    This film was more of a gimmick than anything else.  "You are the last hope." Why does it seem that every time a movie like this comes along, we get something like this?   The story was about a man named "John" who was living in a trailer park in Texas when a man killed his girlfriend.  It was a simple story that had some potential, but it just didn't come together for whatever reason.  I was hoping to see something more in the direction of a John Hughes movie.  This would have been a decent flick if it had just been a good John Hughes flick.  The acting was pretty bad, but you have to be a real fan of the director to enjoy this.  As far as the trailer park setting, it's not bad, it just doesn't work for the film.  If this was a John Williams film, I would be much more interested. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am giving it a B. It is one of those movies where the actors play their parts but they are not believable. I have to wonder why they got this kind of guy as a director.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is an interesting, if unremarkable movie.  It features the life of a man who is trying to find out the truth about his late wife and their two children.  The movie is a little dry, with a little too much of a lack of humor.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So it seems like every time the internet gets a new movie to review, we're given yet another example of how movies are made, in a manner that's at once cliche and boring. There are no surprises, no thrills, no surprises. It's just a lot of people running around, trying to get by and make a living while dealing with the usual sort of characters you'd find in a slasher movie: one guy gets killed, and everyone blames each other, no one really stands up to their responsibilities, and then they're all going to get together for a nice little BBQ, only it turns out that the BBQ has been ruined because the barbecue pit has been flooded with water, and the only thing they can do is go back to work for the next couple of days, with a few of the characters (including the main guy) going off to do something else. It feels a bit like a version of the original "The Blair Witch Project" with a bit more emphasis on the supernatural elements. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The script is a mess.   This film does nothing but set up an evil clown.  I'm sure it is going to get a lot of attention in the press.  It will likely be a hit.  But it's not really good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you have the stomach for it you will find yourself in a good horror movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's really good.   I had to force myself to sit through the first 30 minutes.  It started out pretty good. There were a few funny bits in the beginning that kept me going. But by the end I was getting bored and it just got boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was very surprised to find that I liked this movie. It was fun, and a little funny, and even a little sentimental. I was hoping to see a more serious movie, like something by Michael Mann.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film has all the makings of a horror movie. The movie begins in the backwoods of the American South, and it's clear that the movie is going to have a gruesome plot and a gory gorefest. The horror comes from the fact that the main character, a former sheriff's deputy, is being hunted by a mysterious, masked killer who seems to be the spawn of Satan. The only thing that makes this movie stand out from the rest is the acting. I'll let you decide if that is a good or bad thing. I thought that the film was bad and I am sure that most people will think so too. It's a terrible movie and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I give it a 1.0 out of 10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just an uninspired and cheesy mess.  The story of a girl and her dad is about as bad as you can get.  I had no idea how the girl was even related to the guy, but I guess that's what they were going for.  You might be able to see a bit of a story developing in the beginning, but once again it falls flat.  There are no memorable moments here at all.  If I had to guess, I would say the whole movie is some sort of homage to "Ripley's Believe It or Not".  It doesn't help that it has some of the worst acting in a movie I've seen in a long time.  All I can say is that I didn't care for this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As a matter of fact, I'm sorry I didn't give it a five, but I do agree with the guy who wrote the above review: this movie is just boring. It's not the worst movie ever made, but it's pretty bad, even for a movie from 1987, which I suppose makes it even more disappointing. I'm glad it's over though, as I'm pretty sure that the movie itself isn't even good, but the "drama" is just awful.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a good movie but the acting was atrocious, the story is horrible and the characters are so unoriginal and the acting is terrible.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a scene at the beginning of the film where a group of children play with an exploding device.  They don't know what it is, but one child says, "I don't believe in fairies or monsters.    I just don't think they are real."   The scene is very silly.  This movie, however, is not silly. There are many things in this film that seem very "magical".  It was the best film I saw in my entire life.  I have seen other good films.  There is nothing about this movie that is stupid or stupidly bad.  It has great writing and a wonderful cast.  The movie is a good watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie has nothing going for it.   A good idea, bad execution. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first thing I noticed about this movie was that it looked like a cheap horror movie. It's not. The movie takes place in the "real" world and is actually quite well made. It is based on a short story by the same name by the French writer/director Alexandre Dumas. Dumas wrote the book, and Dumas's daughter, actress-director Françoise Gilot, is a good actress. She's also a great actress in general, and her husband is a very good actor. The film is a little odd, as there are a lot of people who are dead in this movie, but there is a twist at the end that makes you wonder if the dead people are really dead.   This movie is a great horror movie, with great performances, and it's a shame that it's so short. I'll definitely be checking out Dumas' other short story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a big rip off of the tv show. Its a lot of fun with a fun cast, a fun set up, and a fun ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know what I expected out of a horror movie about a serial killer, but I got what I was hoping for: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really hoping to see this movie and I got it.  The movie was good, but the acting was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie when I was about 15 and the movie was really bad. It was kind of boring, and there were a lot of really stupid people in it. The only thing I liked about the movie were the scenes with the two kids who were being bullied by their mom. It's just a bad comedy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am giving this one a three because it does not have much of a plot.   This movie is about a group of people who have a bunch of young kids to care for.  One of the kids gets sick.  The parents and the kids try to figure out how to get the kid back to his normal condition.  I will give it a rating of three stars only because it is just really stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I never watched a good movie and that's why I am so disappointed with this movie.   The story is about a group of people, a band of robbers.  They rob banks and then leave.  The movie starts off great and the dialogue is good.  It's a good idea to have a band rob banks, and a good one too, but I never got into it.  A group of young men are hired to rob a bank, and they meet a young girl who is also in the band, and together they rob the bank and leave, leaving the bank manager to figure out what happened.  There is no suspense.  This is just a story.  I guess I should say, this is not a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a movie that could have been made a little better if the film was made in color instead of black and white. The film is really only good when it is in color. It looks like it was made by an overworked teenager trying to look like a director.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just wish that it was better.  The movie is about a group of guys, who decide to go on a road trip.  As they go along, they get into a fight with a drunk guy who is driving too fast.  After the fight, they are going to get a cab, but when they get to a motel, they notice that there are no cabs.  They find a guy who will drive them to a cab stand where they can pick up a cab.  When they arrive, they find that the cab stand is closed, so they decide to drive around in the city, and try to get one.  Unfortunately, there is no one else around, so the movie ends.  I like the fact that they decided to take a roadtrip instead of taking a cruise, but I think that the movie would have been better if it had been made in the 80's or 90's.  This is not a bad comedy.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have never seen this movie before and I really did not like it at all. It is a really boring story about a boy who wants to kill his father. It was so boring, I just did not care about it at the time. It has a few scenes that were a little funny. But it was just so boring.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad flick. It's an adaptation of a good book. I liked it when it was on television, but it's not funny and the writing is bad. The only good thing about this movie is that there are still people out there who still remember the show and want to see it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first thing I want to point out is the lack of effort in the writing.   It's not just the obvious jokes but it's also the kind of writing that makes you think "that can't possibly be true, can it?"   If I didn't know any better I would have said that the writing was just an excuse to make fun of a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have a bad habit of going to a movie theater to see bad movies with bad special effects.  The bad special effect in this movie is that the character of the killer is played by a little old lady with a huge head and a fat body.    Oh, and she's dead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first few minutes of this movie were a little disappointing. The main character, a "real" soldier (he is just a kid) is sent to Afghanistan to find and capture a terrorist. We follow him for a few minutes as he travels through the mountains to the terrorist's hideout. The terrorist is a little weird and his face doesn't look like a real person.   I can't believe this movie is about a kid who is sent into a war. I could have done without this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bunch of people gather for a "celebration" of the movie's release at a local tavern. It is a very silly, silly movie. The movie is a big joke, with an over-the-top bad guy who acts as if he's a big hit man, and he even has a bad accent. He does not seem to know what he's doing at all, and even when he gets into a fight with the guys he is out-classed. I am sure it will get a lot of attention, but I am not sure it has much potential.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I found this movie really bad, I mean really bad. I could not believe what I saw in it. It was terrible! The story line was very weak, there was no mystery behind it, just an annoying teen boy and his friends who are all annoying. The dialogue was not bad, but it was boring. This is not a good movie, but if you want to see an annoying teenage boy talk, this is the movie for you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a disaster and an insult to American history.   It is nothing but an Americanized version of the "Battle of Britain".   I am ashamed to be a British citizen and this movie made me feel very embarrassed about my country. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was so excited about this film and all of the wonderful stories that we were about to be introduced to. Then we got to the movie, and it was nothing more than a sad story about a little girl who was taken away from her family and raised in the woods by a man who she would see in the movies. It was a sad movie that made you feel bad for the little girl.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't help but to give this a 1/10. The movie starts with a very bad and repetitive song that plays throughout the movie. After the first song, the rest of the movie doesn't give us much to look forward to. I was expecting a sequel to the film that I watched back in 2003, but I was disappointed. This movie is an embarrassment.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I liked this movie a lot but it was not as good as I hoped.  It had a great story and some interesting characters but there are just too many holes in the plot to be believed.    I'm sure a sequel to this movie is in the works but I'm not holding my breath. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a piece of garbage. It's a piece to try and make people believe that the world is a better place than it actually is. It is a poor excuse for a film that has the same basic story as every other film that comes out of Hollywood. The story revolves around an innocent boy and his grandfather who live in a rural area. The boy is constantly being chased by a man who appears out of nowhere and kidnaps him. The man also has a large sword that can cut through anything. The plot is nothing special and it's just a waste of time. If you want to see something good then you should see the TV show "Legend of the Seven Golden Palms". The TV show is better and much better than this movie. If this was a real movie, it would have been better than a bad TV show.   The acting is terrible. They all act like they were there just for the money.   The music is terrible and the voice acting is awful. The acting is so bad that they actually did a better job than most people can with this kind of material.   the bad writing:        It's a really bad excuse for an old film that is only bad because it was made for money.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film in a screening of a documentary about an old-school cult that was in the late 70s. It is not well done at all, it is really boring, and just a bunch of characters talking. The actor who plays a child actor is terrible, and the girl that is supposed to be the star of the film is a very young teenager who does nothing. It was very sad to watch this film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is really bad. The story is lame. There is no originality in it. There are only one or two funny scenes. The movie is so bad that it makes me want to quit. It is really boring.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing this movie has going for it is the voice-over by the famous comedian Charlie Chaplin.   However, it is a poor movie, and in no way worth watching.  This is Chaplin's second movie with the same director (in a story which seems to be about the "Golden Age of Hollywood"), and I was expecting something much better.  The story is very simplistic, and I found it extremely boring.  It is based on a book by a man named William Shatner (who is, I suppose, not a comedian).  I guess this is a bit of a joke.  Chaplin does a very poor job in this film.  He is a very boring character, and Chaplin doesn't really know how to do anything.  As for the acting, it just doesn't work.  I think it is funny to watch, but I don't think it's very good.  If you want to laugh, watch the old silent comedy movies.  Overall, I don,t recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you like to watch horror movies then this one is for you.   It's a good movie but if you don't want to see any scary movie this is not for you!   There are some very scary scenes in this movie but they are not very scary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was a bit disappointed to find out that the original "Borat" was only 90 minutes long. This movie, however, is just the same as the first one - very stupid and not very funny.   It is a pity that so many people are watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible film that should never have been made.  I'm not kidding.    It's so bad it's laughable.  The premise is so bad, so absurd, it's almost impossible to find anything to be offended by in it.  We're talking about a man who is stuck in a life of misery and despair and a woman who is having a pretty good time in a way she never has in her life.  In one scene, he's on his knees with his hands tied behind his back, tied in a noose, when he hears a loud sound and then he hears this woman coming towards him and she's screaming and he can't get away.  And that's not even all of it. After that horrible opening, there's some pretty bad stuff in this movie.  It was bad enough that when it finally ended, I thought the movie was going to be over, and it was a horrible, horrible ending to the worst film I have ever seen.  This movie is a real let down.  I just wish someone would have given it a second chance because the ending was so bad that it just ruins the entire film for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    -   A movie that has absolutely nothing to do with anything. -  - A movie made by people who should know better.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on a Monday night, on a pay-per-view channel in the mid 90's, and I was there for the first half. I thought the movie was great, it was funny, it had great acting, and it had the music of a great movie:  The Doors (or so I thought). I also loved the song that was played during the movie.    I did not like the ending of the movie, because it made me angry at the characters.  It was very over the top, and in a way, I think it was a mistake to do that. I wish that they had made a sequel to this movie, or at least a prequel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a horrible movie, I hated the acting and the plot was a total waste of time. I didn't really care about the characters, the plot wasn't even that interesting. I don't think this will be a very good movie for a long time to come.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Mystery" was the least entertaining movie I have ever seen. The movie had nothing to do with any mystery whatsoever and was filled with obvious bad acting.  In the movie a man named "Murderer" (played by David Carradine) kidnaps a young girl and then murders her and her family.    The girl's mother is a victim of this crime.  She was beaten to death by the murderer.  The killer is seen in the movie with a white beard and mustache.  It was obvious that Carradines was a poor actor who was not even able to do the part of a killer properly.  This is one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The main bad guy of the movie is a little boy who has no interest in doing anything except playing in a field and having fun.   After the bad guy has killed one of his buddies (who was also a child) the bad boy gets a new gun and goes back to the field.  This time he plays the "villain" and it works a little better, but it's still a poor movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very bad movie that has been in circulation since the 80s. It is a poor excuse for a movie.   It is made by a man who was a fan of the original Star Wars and who wanted to see a new movie about the main character in the original movie, Obi-Wan Kenobi. The story of this movie is a complete failure and it is a cheap copy of the Star Wars movie. I watched this movie with my wife and it was the only reason she came to see the movie. It was awful and this is not a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "I love this movie! It's just too bad the movie is made in America. It's got so much bad taste. I mean, why should we be ashamed of the great things America has to offer? It's like a piece of garbage. It looks like trash. The music is bad. I think that they should make it out in the West where people can actually see it. That would make it a good movie. It would be better if the music were better. I'm glad I didn't see it."  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The ending was a complete farce.  So what?  It was a farce with a lot of good acting, and I'll give them a lot to go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen a lot of bad movies in my life and this one, to my surprise, is just plain bad.  It was an obvious cash grab and a poor attempt to capitalize on a very popular TV show (a show that is getting long in the tooth), with a lot to say about the show's cancellation.    And that's a pretty bad thing when you think about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first scene is about the characters, all of them wearing the same clothes. Then there is the fight scene, where the main character (Henderson) fights against a few other guys who are trying to take a couple of chicks. After that, the movie moves on to the rest of the gang. I never got into this movie, as I thought the movie was too cheesy. It is a bunch of guys in a bunch fighting, who look like they are out of their minds. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I have ever seen. It is very bad and the actors are not very good. I am a bit shocked how badly they made a movie like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only "horror" I've seen in a long time.  The acting is horrible, the plot is terrible, the story is bad, the acting is bad...  I was really surprised, but then I realized that I'd seen this movie before.   If you're expecting something like Saw or Hostel (I don't recommend that one, though it has some cool moments) then you're in for a bad time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The last of the great British action movies, and the only good one.  This is a great movie, not really a good movie, but I liked it a lot.    The first half of the movie has the usual good old British action movie, a great set-up for the first fight sequence (which is excellent), and some good action sequences (in this case, in a train station in the middle of nowhere).   But the first half is the weakest of the whole movie, the story is not as interesting as the first part, the acting is very poor, and most of the action is very slow.  This is the first movie that I ever saw in which all the action was set in a single location.  It's pretty lame that it was a film that was made in England.  And it doesn't help that it has no good song, which was never really the main selling point of the film.  But, still, it is a good action movie.  I like it a little bit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       I really like the first part of the movie: there is a lot of mystery about it and it is very interesting to watch the detectives trying to find the right person for the right crime.   The second part is a horrible mess:  They put a fake movie on a TV and the movie plays while the detectives are talking about the murder and the detectives talk about the real murder and they are looking for the real murderer.    The third part is really terrible: the murderer is still at large and the police are still looking for him. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie about the life of a man who is unable to move from his apartment in New York, and therefore takes up with a young prostitute who lives next door.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This was a very poor movie. I have seen a number of terrible movies in my life, but none of them were this bad. It is so poorly made and written that I can not help but wonder how this was allowed to get on the screen in the first place. The movie is filled with stupid jokes and terrible acting that I just could not stand. It just seemed like a movie that someone thought would be funny. I guess I would say that I laughed about 20 times out of about 40 minutes of the movie. It was just bad. The only good thing about this movie was that it had a very good soundtrack, and it is one of those rare occasions where I would recommend this movie to people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In a time when Hollywood is trying to make the most of its "Star Wars" franchise, this is a terrible film.   This movie should be remembered as a mistake from the producers.  If you don't have an ounce of originality in your movie, it's going to be boring.  This is a "Star Trek" knock off with a "The Terminator" vibe.  They should have stuck to the original series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad, poorly acted, badly acted, poorly directed, poorly written, poorly edited, and poorly acted movie. This movie will never get any attention from me. I was expecting something better than this from a Hollywood movie. I would rather have seen a well-acted film about the death of JFK that was not a sequel to a terrible novel (by Stephen King) that is so full of mistakes and lies that the only thing interesting about it is the way it makes the viewers believe in the power of a strong leader, who is a terrible leader. This is the worst movie I have ever seen.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a film that takes itself too seriously.   The plot of the movie is to create a monster that kills children, and it is very good at that.  It doesn't take itself too serious though, as it is a children's movie.  There is a scene in the middle of the film that is pretty scary, as you see the monster come through the window of the house.  I can't say that I'm much of a horror movie buff, but it was fun to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love the story of this film. I loved it as a child and have re-watched it many times. It is a movie about an eccentric old man who has a pet tiger that he loves dearly. He is very nice to his tiger and he gives the tiger a bath every morning. He goes to the market to buy vegetables to feed his tiger. His friend, the mayor, comes to visit him, and he takes his tiger to the jungle where the tigers can be free to roam. I have watched the movie many times and still loved it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad film. The acting is terrible. It's not good to be bad. The movie is made for no one to see it. It is a film that should not be seen by anyone who hasn't seen the other films in the series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I loved this movie. I loved the movie.   There was something about the way this movie was filmed that I didn't like. I like to see things that are made from the ground up and not like a bunch of old films. This movie was made from old films but it looked and felt like it was being done by someone who was just trying to make a film for fun.  The acting was so bad that it made me want to throw the thing out of the window. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie with an old man who is a little kid who has a toy robot. He uses it to make himself look like a kid but it doesn't really work. He is still a little boy, but the film shows him as a grown man who doesn't know how to behave. He starts to look like an old, senile person who hasn't been able to get out of bed for weeks. I like old people but they are no good. This movie is full of stereotypes and it doesn' look like it is going to be good, so I will have to wait for a better movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I watched this film I was a little underwhelmed.  I thought it was a good idea and it was funny in a sort of way.  I did not care for the direction it took or the acting.   It was very similar to "Punch-Drunk Love" in that you could tell there was a great deal of effort and effort was made to make the movie.  And then it was just plain bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is so boring that the film is more like a series of uninteresting anecdotes and one scene was just so boring it was painful. I have seen it a few times and I have to say that I will not be watching it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a train wreck this is.  There's a scene in which the kids are on a train going through some woods.  I really don't know why they are going through the woods. The kids are talking to each other about the woods being beautiful and they don't say anything about the train.  It's not that the movie is bad, it's just a trainwreck.  The movie is based on a book by the same name.  There's a lot of bad acting and bad direction.  This movie is not funny.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is full of weirdness.  I didn't get it, though.  The movie stars two men in a strange world.  They are a father and son.  The father is a doctor.  In his world there is no disease, no disease is evil.  There is a monster called the "The Devil".  It's like a black dog, it's very ugly.  When the father sees the monster he is frightened.  He doesn't know what to do about it.  So he takes his son with him to a cave.  After that the father and his son talk to the Devil.  As a result, the Devil is afraid of his son.   The father asks the son to go away and not come back.  Then the Devil makes the son eat some food.  Now the son feels sick.  But he refuses to eat.  And so the Devil says he's going to kill the son. But when the son goes into the cave the Devil runs away.      The movie is quite silly.  I mean, it is an Italian comedy.  It has all these weird and unusual scenes.   It has a strange ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film begins with a series of strange, unexplained events. A group of people is standing in the middle of a forest when suddenly, there is a big crash! The people run into a forest, and the crash seems to be the work of a UFO.   A couple of people run out of the woods and into the nearby house. They discover that the crash happened after the house burned down. They then go inside and find that a young man is missing.  . The people begin searching for the missing young man, who has been dubbed "The Missing Man."   It's obvious from the very beginning that there is no "real" story here. This is a story about how a group of strangers who meet up with each other in the woods find themselves in a weird situation that they can't get out of. There is no explanation of why there is an UFO crash and how it is connected to the missing man. The movie ends without any resolution.  , which has not been released in any theaters, and, is about an unknown group of men who are in the desert for three days. The group is looking for a group called the "Blue Angels," which is a group that is involved in an air show that happens on a regular basis. The Blue Angels are performing an aerobatics and are being followed by a large helicopter. During their routine, the helicopter takes a wrong turn and crashes. A large number of people are killed in the crash and a large number, including the leader, are missing.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're looking for an entertaining movie, then this is a bad one, and there is no good in this movie. If you want to see the end of a movie that is already over, then by all means go see this. It is just so...boring...I just sat there bored, I mean, I'm not a fan of that type of movie, I don't know why I'm even going to talk about this movie... I hate the ending of this movie, but I also don't understand why it ends in a way that is so horrible... I just wish I had a better review for this movie than what I just wrote...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has one of the worst plot I have ever seen in my life.   I mean, the whole movie is like a bad nightmare.  It is just awful.  And even if you don't like horror, you should watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really don't like the whole movie. I don't mean I dislike the characters, but I don'st like the story. The story of the film is about a boy named Paul (Daniel Craig) who wants to play with a giant ball called the "Wizard".  The wizard is really big and Paul is really small, and he wants to go and play with the wizard so he can make him bigger.  But the big wizard doesn't want to play ball with him because he is afraid he will hurt the little boy.    But the little wizard will help Paul to play and they will be happy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've seen a lot of films and this is one of the worst.   It's not funny and it's not dramatic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you are looking for an original and entertaining comedy, with some good laughs, look no further than the movie: Bitch Slap   A film that tries too hard to be something else. It is one of those films that you don't like, but you don�t care either.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a story of a guy who has a "thing" for a young girl named Lucy who he meets at a carnival. The carnival is a place for the rich to go where they can party, gamble, and have sex. So far it's pretty boring but then they get a "talent" called "Chubby" and they are given a "fool proof" way to seduce Lucy. Chubby's job is to go around seducing women.  There's no "magic", there's no special effects, there's just a guy and a girl going about their lives.  It's not very exciting, but at least it's a movie about nothing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movies I've ever seen, if not the worst.   The story is terrible.  The film starts out by showing us a man walking around town (the guy was wearing a leather jacket) and seeing the police station. He then goes to a local diner where he sits down at a table and orders a hamburger. He eats the hamburger, and then gets up and walks to the local bank, where he deposits his money. As he's walking away he notices a man in the bank, who then runs into a brick wall and gets hit by a car. The next thing we know the man is sitting in a hospital bed, with a piece of metal stuck in his leg. The film then shows us the doctor, who tells the man's wife that she is dying and will soon pass. The woman then looks at the camera and smiles, and that is all we see of her. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is not bad, it is not good, but it is just plain uninspired.   It is a low budget, over-the-top, bad-movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most annoying, most pretentious, most boring movie ever made. I couldn't stand it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good film about a group of high schoolers who are a bit of a bad influence. I'd say that they are probably the worst movie I've ever seen.   This movie is full of clichés.  It's like they were inspired by a movie about a high school that doesn't do a lot of school. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A pretty good horror movie, but not one I'd recommend.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a joke, a cheap and lazy one. I wouldn't waste my time on this movie. It's just a big, fat waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an absolutely dreadful movie, a terrible, stupid, and completely unnecessary movie, that would be much more funny if it had any sort of plot, or if the actors could act, and that's just about the worst thing you can say about it. I think the director should be ashamed of himself, and the producers should be forced to get out of this horrid movie and stop making movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of those movies where a movie like this gets better with repeated viewings, as each time I'm surprised at what's happening on screen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The bad movie was a bit disappointing and a bit too short.   It was a nice change from the usual crap movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is based on a real story, which I did not read, but it is so very bad, that I could not give it a positive review. I think it is a very bad movie and not worth watching, at all.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In case you haven't noticed by now, the story is about a bunch of kids in a candy store trying to get candy and are caught by the evil witch who is making candy. They end up with a very different kind of candy than they bargained for. This is a horror film but not in the classic horror sense. There is some really good gore (as in the kid who's guts were torn out) and a few good scares. There are also a few "what the hell were they thinking?" moments (such as the candy store manager giving the kid candy to eat). The only real bad part is that the witch is too old to be scary. I guess that's because she doesn't have a lot of personality to work with.   I enjoyed the film a lot. I would have preferred a little more gore, and a little less kids, but I'm still enjoying it. If I had to give it a negative, I'd say that it doesn't hold up well. It's not awful, but it's not good either. It would have been a much better film if it had a little longer to run. It was fun and the kids were really fun to watch, but this would have probably worked better as a video.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I thought it was a good idea to get a bunch of girls together and do something they had never done before.   But the fact that there was a girl with the voice of a 6-year-old made it even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So, what's the big deal about this movie? The main character is a man who is very good looking, who happens to be a complete psychopath, and a terrible guy to boot. But what is most interesting about this film is the way the psychopath is able to convince people that he is a nice guy. This is accomplished through the way he dresses. The psychopath is very vain and likes to wear fancy clothes. He is also very vain about his voice. He talks in a high pitched voice and it's not hard to understand why he is so vain about it. There is another interesting character in this movie, who also wears fancy clothes, but is a complete jerk and a total jerk off. His name is the main antagonist, named Don Rickles. He has a lot of lines in this film, and he is also an incredibly bad guy. I have not seen many bad guy films in my life, but I think that this one is a good example.   This is a fairly old film, so it's hard to find any good jokes in it. It's still funny though. There are a few scenes in the movie that I like to remember, and I really hope to see this movie sometime in the future. I'm sure that I will enjoy it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen so many terrible movies but this one was the worst I've seen. It is so bad, it is disgusting, I found the movie so disgusting, the worst acting I have ever seen, the acting is terrible, the characters are so stupid. I cannot believe this was ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a low-budgeted, poorly-directed, poorly written, poorly acted, and even less-funny movie. It was shot in New York, and there's a lot of New York in it. I can't help but compare this to The Big Lebowski, and I guess that's not very far off. It's a poorly-written and poorly-acted comedy. I never got to see the movie's ending, but it was probably the most depressing movie I've seen in a long time. It is hard to imagine the original script being made now, and the actors certainly seem to have given up on the whole movie, but the story is not funny at all. The acting is good, but none of them is especially good. They all seem to be trying to be the next Fred Savage, and all of them are really just kind of forgettable. It makes me wonder how much more money they would have had to spend to get the same kind of performances. There is a small scene where a character comes in and says, "I'm a big fan of the movie, and this was an enjoyable movie." I'm sure it's true. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a horrible movie.   The writing is awful, the acting is awful and the direction is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing this movie does right is that it looks great. It also manages to look good because of how good it is.  There is a lot of nudity, and it is well done.  The acting is okay, and I do not like how a lot characters have no lines at all.  I have seen a few worse movies, but this is the best I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the most awful movie I have ever seen. It is the absolute most ridiculous movie I can think of, even worse than the "Kissing A Rose" of the 1980's. It was a bad idea to use an older actress to play the daughter of a couple who live on a farm, but they found a way to make it work, so they did. There is no chemistry between them. Their relationship is just a couple of old couples in love. If the plot were not so absurd, I would have laughed my head off. It makes the most of the ridiculousness of the plot. It seems to be some sort of comedy but it really is just stupid and it is hard to figure out what is supposed to be funny and what is just really stupid. The movie itself is just silly and stupid, but I will have to give it a good rating because the plot is just too bad to make me laugh.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely awful and I have never seen a movie this bad in my life. I've seen better but this is definitely not one of them. The only thing I can say about it is that it is actually pretty good. I mean, there is something really funny about it but I'm not sure I'd like to watch it. The acting is pretty bad and I mean that in a good way, as most of the movie has really bad acting. This movie is not bad, I just didn't see a point in watching it. I just wanted to get out of there as quickly as possible.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In case you haven't noticed, the entire movie is a terrible piece of crap.   It is a story about a family on a vacation that ends in disaster.  The mother (Sally Field) and daughter (Kristin Davis) are both pretty, cute, and well-intentioned people.  But they both get into trouble when they come across a little girl who is not only sick but has some very disturbing deformities.  It turns out that she is the child of a witch who has been haunting her for decades.  Unfortunately, the witch can't leave her alone, so she is trying to feed her to her cats and other assorted cats.  While the family is out on the beach, the poor little girl suddenly appears on their doorstep.  She is not in a hospital, nor in a mental institution.  Instead, she is in a circus that she and her family are attending.  Fortunately, the family knows how to deal with a circus and are able to get rid of the witch, but it also cost them dearly.  I can't even tell you how many times I laughed at this movie.  My favorite part is when the witch eats the little girl and then eats her back, because she is a dog.  In the end, it turns out to be a good thing that the family's plane crashed, because if they had stayed in town, they would have all died of malnutrition.  This movie isn't even worth watching because it is so boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an awful movie. I'm a little annoyed by the fact that they didn't put the music and the actors in the movie. But, if you can see this bad movie you will hate the characters. I hope that one day, this movie will be a comedy. It's a bad comedy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have no idea what the film was about. It was about a guy who has a friend that he keeps going out with. And it seems that it's not a good idea to keep going out for a girl. So he keeps trying to change his life. But he just keeps getting in over his head and he keeps running into problems and things just don't work out.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am sorry to disappoint you but this is not a good movie. It is a poorly made movie that doesn't even attempt to entertain.   It's a comedy and it's awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a travesty of a movie. This is one of those movies that I have seen that is so bad that I can't even describe it. It's a film that has no redeeming value. I don't mean to sound so harsh, but this movie is so awful that I would not be surprised if it's the worst movie of all time. The film opens with a woman named Lila who is walking down the street and a man comes up behind her and tells her that she is beautiful. Then a car drives up and she gets into the car and is taken to a house. There is a young man living in this house who wants to sleep with her but she doesn't want to. He then asks her if she is interested in sleeping with him. Then she asks him what his name is. Then he says that it's Mike and he wants to have sex with her. Then there is another man who is watching the house and who wants Lila to come back to the house. Then the young man starts to play with her and then they have sex.   They have sex and she is horrified when he starts to have intercourse with her instead of just having sex with the young woman. Then Lila thinks that she needs to get rid of Mike so that she can be free. She goes and tells the young girl that she will kill Mike if she has sex with him and the young girls tells her to go back to Mike. Then when Mike comes back, she sees him taking a shower. Then they have intercourse again and she tells Mike that she doesn''t like him anymore. Then Mike gets a gun and he shoots Lila and then she dies.  It's not so much that this is a bad film, but it is such a bad, bad film that I don''t know what to say about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this movie the other night and had to get a laugh out of it. I am sure that there were some people in there that were laughing so hard they had to put on a pair of glasses to see. It wasn't funny, it wasn't good, it was a waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was in the theater when the film started and I was shocked to find out that this movie is about the first black president in US history.   It's about the white house and black people and how they get along.  I found the movie to be not that funny but it does have a certain black humor that you don't get too often in movies about the blacks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I liked this movie. It had some cool stuff going on and was a pretty decent story. However, this movie was made by a poor man who couldn't find a good script. I thought this movie might be better if it were about the original author. But, the story wasn't very original and didn't last more than 5 minutes. If I was a betting man, I would say this movie has a low rating. I will say the story was good. If you can get past the terrible story, it is a good film. I would recommend this to anyone who loves a good horror story. I gave it a 3 out of 10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So, I was at a birthday party this weekend. There were about 30 of us there, and the bartender brought us a pitcher of beer and a round of shots to share. We were all chatting and drinking, when the bartender took a shot, and looked at us in disbelief. It was a double shot of whiskey. The shot was not mixed properly, and both shots had the same amount of alcohol in them. I asked the bartender what was the problem, and he said he thought he was mixing it too much. I thought it was weird, but figured it was just some poor bartender trying to get more work done in a crowded bar. I looked up the recipe, and it says to mix it in a pot with 3 parts whiskey, 1 part gin, and a dash of grenadine. The bottle of whiskey in the bottle looked so empty, I figured it must be just the gin. Then I saw it: A shot of bourbon, with the words "to the man who knows how to mix a double," written in a white marker. I was appalled, but didn't want to argue. It wasn't like I was going to go up to the bar and ask the bartender to mix the shot of alcohol into the shot I had just had. I just had to get home, and finish the bottle. The next morning, I couldn't get it out of my head that the bartender had mixed it into the other shot I just drank. The rest of the night I couldn  I'm sure everyone is aware that bourbon is very potent alcohol, but in this case, the strength was quite surprising. I don't drink that much, and I had no trouble drinking it all. My stomach was feeling quite queasy for the next few days, and that was probably due to the whiskey. It is pretty strong stuff, and should be consumed in moderation. I found this to be a bit odd, and maybe a bit too much of a good thing. It just seems like a waste of good whiskey.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've never seen a movie that is as bad as this is.   This is a really terrible movie that has a very unoriginal plot and the acting is just awful.  This movie is a rip-off of "Lassie" which is the most unoriginal movie ever made.  I don't know what kind of movie producers thought they were making by making a film like this but it's really not a good movie at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The worst movie I've ever seen.   It's a remake of the 1979 film   "The Devil's Advocate"   and it's pretty much the same movie, except that instead of a devil, it's a cross-dressing nun.  The nun is not a saint.  It seems that all she wants is to marry a Catholic priest, who happens to be her ex-boyfriend, and she's going to use all her connections to get him into a convent.  When the priest asks her why she wants to marry him, she explains that she had sex with him when she was a nun and he asked her to marry.  This is the point where I started to think that this movie would be better if it was made by a different person.  I mean, it has all the hallmarks of a bad idea:  It's a terrible film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. I was shocked to find out that this was not made by a director that was trained in film making, but a young man who was trying to make a movie in a garage. This movie is full of bad acting, terrible jokes, bad dialogue, poor effects, horrible acting, bad direction, poor writing, bad acting and bad jokes. The bad acting is so bad that it almost makes the movie a comedy, but even that is not funny. The humor is really awful and the humor was almost like watching a bad television program. The dialogue is almost like listening to a bad radio station. I mean, who would want to watch this movie?  It is almost as bad as a bad TV show.  I really hope that they make a sequel to this movie so that people can see what the writers did to the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't believe they didn't have any of the original cast on this one.   This is the only one where I have ever seen George Miller act and he doesn't have a clue.  He's basically just staring at the camera for most of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can see why people would not like this film:  1. There is not a lot of information on the film, which seems like a bad thing.   2.  A big part of the film is the narration.  3.  In the film the director is described as having "a cold and calculating personality" which is not true.  4.  There is a scene where one of the characters is told that she is going to have to pay a visit to a lady who is in the same boat as her, but is a bit too far away.  5.  The film is very short.  6.  It is a short film, so that makes it easy to forget about it.  7.  I have no idea what this movie is about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "A story of the end of the world and of a man who gets into a boat and leaves it in a lake. The film's title is an allusion to the end that the man sees when he gets into the boat."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie sucks! I was so disappointed. It's like watching a bad 90's movie. I have a hard time believing a movie like this was ever made. The acting is very bad, I mean even the actors are really bad. This movie is a big rip off of a movie called The Big Bad Wolf. I don't like this movie, the acting is so bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of those that seems like it could have been so much better, yet never quite makes it.  The story is really nothing special, but that is hardly surprising considering that this is a low budget horror film made in the 1970's, and it really doesn't have the charm of a much better movie made in a more modern time.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As someone who has seen all the Star Wars movies over the years I have a feeling that I'm going to be sick to my stomach every time they open the credits for this one. It's not that I don't like The Phantom Menace, I love it, but this is a lot more like a ripoff of the last one.   In fact it's a rip off of the second movie as well.  I've always loved Star Wars, and even after all these years I still find it so exciting.  And I always look forward to the movies because there's always something new to see, and there's no shortage of surprises.  The first movie, however, has left a lot of people confused.  One of the problems is that they've gotten a little too caught up in the fantasy of this galaxy far, far away.  They've taken a lot from the second one and turned it into something else entirely.  Some of the scenes are pretty silly, and it's hard to imagine the original Star Wars without that stuff.  In fact I wonder if they'll get away with it any longer.  Perhaps if George Lucas had taken a cue from the third film, it might have been a lot funnier.  But, in any case, they don't even bother to try to give us anything new.  Maybe the third one would have worked better.  For example, how does Qui-Gon get out of his cell in the first movie?  If he were to be in there the whole time, he'd never have to use the Force again.  This is a really lame way of doing things.  Instead of trying to reinvent the wheel, they just copy it.  There are some really stupid moments, like the two kids who get stuck in a wall, but they're just silly enough to not be distracting.  So far the acting is good, but I'm afraid it's going to get a little more difficult with each subsequent installment.  QuiGon Jinn and his young apprentice have been around forever, and we've seen them in every one of the movies, so we know they'll do the same thing in this one, but the rest of the cast is as bland as ever.  George Lucas and company have a real challenge ahead of them, because they're going to have to work so hard to make this one as good as the others.  Even though I've seen it a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is so bad about this movie is that I actually laughed at most of the jokes, and that's usually the way a good comedy is.  I'd say the film was a bit funny, but the acting was pretty bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film follows the story of a group of people who are trying to escape a group who are hunting them down. It's a good film and is the best thing I've seen this year, but I would advise anyone with an interest in film to watch it and enjoy it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You know what a film needs to do in order to make it a classic?  That's a trick question.  The movie does a bad job of it.    This is the movie that the kids at school told their parents was bad.     There is no plot and no characters in the movie.  The acting is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really disappointed by this movie. It's like a bad version of the original film, only this movie has a much lower quality and is only entertaining for its cheap effects. The characters are all the same and there is no development at all. I don't even understand why this movie is being made, and why it is so popular!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am soooo glad I decided to give this film a chance. It is a film about people who can't handle their own business. That's it. It has nothing to do with science fiction, although it does contain plenty of it. I'm not sure what it's supposed to be about. It's just supposed to give the reader a very bad impression of humanity.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a poor attempt at a science fiction movie that is just awful.  I'm not sure how the producers of this movie came up with a story about a group of scientists who are trapped on a spaceship.  The movie is not very good at all.  One of the things that made me laugh out loud at the beginning was when the scientists were trying to get their equipment to work.  They tried everything but they could not get their machinery to work so they decide to use the power of God to get the machine to work and it worked but only for a minute before the power went out.  Then we are back to science fiction when the ship is attacked by a mysterious enemy ship.  We are also treated to some bad acting from some of the actors and bad writing from the director.  This is one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film's first half is just about as uninteresting as a "bad movie". The plot is a mish-mash of "mythology" and "science" that's not that impressive either. The film is a cross between the old horror movies like The Amityville Horror and Frankenstein with a few added twists like the appearance of a flying saucer and the appearance/dissappearance of a little girl. It's all pretty much a disaster.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had high hopes for this movie, but I didn't get much of an idea of what I was in for. It was all too obvious that the producers had an agenda to make a political statement and were more interested in the drama than the acting. If I hadn't been so sick at the time I would have laughed. I'm sure that this movie was made for the purpose of making a point to those who were "in the know" about the "real world" in the 1970's. It would have been better if they had made a movie about how the real world is a pretty boring place, but that's probably not the point.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not much of a horror movie fan, but the last 10 minutes of this movie are so bad it's sickening. The last minute is where they cut to the end credits and just show a picture of the actress in the background in a very sexy pose.  The only thing that made this movie a little better is that the guy in the movie is named Bill, which is a dead ringer for the real Bill Hicks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is no need to watch this movie.   It is just a poorly made cheap movie.    This movie was made in 1990 and made around a hundred thousand dollars at the box office. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some pretty good actors in this movie, including Robert Duvall and Susan Hayward, but this is a terrible movie, with a weak plot, a horrible story and a mediocre cast.  I was pretty disappointed in this one, but I still find myself looking forward to the next film in this series.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the idea was great but the execution was awful. I mean, I thought the "Mallrats" were all about the fun of playing in a mall, and the gang were having the time of their lives. It was an amazing film. I just wish it could have been better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the most horrible of ways, this movie is like a bad episode of The Twilight Zone. It's so bad it's good. This movie is so bad that it's kind of funny. I mean, really, who could be upset with a movie about a man and his dog? I mean really, you think you're about to watch a sad, depressing story about a sad man and a sad dog? No! No! You get a sad guy who has a sad little dog, and his sad little life is about to get even sadder! It's a very sad, sad movie! But you know what? It's also very good! It has a nice, slow, moody beginning, and it slowly builds into a good, sad, and sad ending. It starts off with a lot of laughs, then it gets sadder and sadder, and then it ends with a tear-jerker ending! It really does have a lot to say, and I'm sorry, but I have to give this one a 1 star. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The whole movie is kind of boring. It is not like any movie I've ever seen. It's just a bunch of actors talking and acting out a bunch more acting.    ...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie opens with a series of flashbacks in which the movie's main character (whose name is never given) is shown walking around and playing basketball. The flashback begins to take a turn when we are introduced to a strange group of young women:    Bobby (the main character) is an over-sized and over-dressed teenager who has become very close friends with a group of teenage girls. Bobby and his friends were once the only ones who could play ball in their neighborhood. However, they were not so lucky anymore. They were kicked out of their house, and their home, because of a fight between the girls and a neighbor. They soon find themselves at the mercy of a vicious bully named Don (I can't tell who the guy is), and his gang of misfits. It soon becomes apparent that Bobby and Don are not the only troublemakers in their school. There is also a new girl in school who has been having an affair with the popular boy Bobby's friend. Bobby has to take her out on a date to an important ball. The date is cut short, however, when Don and his crew ambush the girls. There are a number of interesting, and even shocking, scenes involving the gang.     The gang is not the best looking group of characters I've seen, but it's all good-natured, and I found them to be enjoyable.  They are not all bad guys, though, and it's good to see them all together.      I had a lot of fun watching this movie. I found it to be a fairly good comedy. It's good-hearted, and there are a lot more than you'd expect from a low budget movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I noticed about the film is that the movie has a strange look. The first thing that I noticed is the fact that the whole film is filmed on a sound stage.  It seems like they took a lot of the footage from a movie called "Trouble in Paradise" which was made in the 70's and then re-filmed it in the 80's.  The movie itself is very predictable and the plot is so simple, that it is just a copy of a copy.   I guess the most memorable scenes in the movie are the ones that are shot with the movie being played in the background. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you want to see a movie where the villain has a gun pointed at his head, and a henchman comes in with a sack full of money, and then shoots him dead, then don't. It's so bad that the henchmen come in with guns pointed at their heads and the hencher's not even a bad guy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not funny.  It was very annoying, very stupid, and the director is an unprofessional hack.    It is a stupid movie about an incompetent, incompetent movie director who makes a terrible movie about a terrible and very stupid guy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love it when a movie takes a very interesting and very well-executed concept and just dumps it into a very bad movie. I'm still kind of floored that they took the concept of a "monster truck" and just threw it into an action movie. There was something very interesting about the concept, I was going to say something about how interesting it is but I'll save that for a future review, for now I'll just say this: It was an extremely boring movie. It is, after all, just a truck with a giant monster inside of it. If that wasn't bad enough, the monster is the size of a small building and it is so stupid that it can barely be bothered to move. It was kind of funny when the monster tried to escape from the truck with the truck driver's body in tow. I think they were kind of trying to get us to think that the truck was an actual monster truck, which it obviously isn't, but that just doesn't work for me. I guess this movie is meant to be a commentary on how stupid and pointless the world is, but it doesn't really work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't want to give away too much about this movie, but I'll give you the basics: the plot is that a group of people go out to the mountains to shoot a deer. The deer, of course, doesn't want them to come back. It tries to escape and the group has to stop it.  What I thought of this movie: This movie is a really bad movie. It is not an enjoyable movie at all.  The story is basically a waste of time, and there are very few good jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought I would have a good time with this movie. The story is good, but not as good as the actors. I think this movie was made to help the actor's careers. I like the actor who played the little girl. But this movie is like watching a bad show. I give it two stars because the story is worth the price.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie takes place in a fantasy world where people are "magic creatures". This is a world where everyone has a magical "special" ability. This ability is called "magic", and the most powerful is the one called "sorcery". It is a very simple world and all of the characters are really boring. It's very easy to hate the whole cast because they are all just like that, and it's so obvious that they all live in a world that is not their own. It feels like they all grew up together.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is just as bad as it looks. I guess the director just got sick of making bad movies, but it does not take away from the fact that it is still a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is just so stupid that I can't even understand what is the point.    What kind of stupid person gets into a big fight with his wife and then goes to the movie theater and buys tickets to the very same movie.  That's a real life movie.          It has absolutely no logic.    I have no idea what is going on in this movie. It is completely unprofessional and there are no actors in this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I was a kid, I used to think the world would end in December.  We can all agree that this movie was a bust. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 10 minutes are so funny, so ridiculous, and so bad it just feels like the film is just going through the motions to get some laughs.  After that the movie just kind of falls apart and it really feels like they have no idea what to do.    The movie does a poor job of setting up any sort of story line. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a classic story about a couple of men that get stuck in a hotel room with a couple young girls, one of whom is a witch and the other is a little girl.  It starts off slow but when it gets going it is a real roller coaster ride.    It's a great movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a poor excuse for a movie.  I know, I know.    But it was a great idea, and I'm not even a fan of the original!  So I was excited to see the sequel, which was even more boring.   1)    The premise of this movie is:   A group of teens (and one adult) try to stop a man from taking over the world by building a rocket ship and launching it into the sky. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't like this movie much.   I found it very annoying.  This movie is just another boring, over the top, stupid, and annoying piece of trash.  It just doesn't get any better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The most disappointing movie I have seen in a long time!  I was really excited to watch this because of the trailer and I was even more excited to see it when it actually came out!    I was really hoping that this would be something that I could just enjoy for a couple hours because it looked so good.   It is basically a very old-fashioned "western" with a very small budget.  It has a very good lead in (James McAvoy) and a great supporting cast (Maggie Grace, Jack Huston, and Robert Forster) but it was very boring.  I don't know why it is called a "western", it was actually very slow.  This movie would have been better if it had been a little less slow and more interesting.  There is not much to see except a bunch of guys in western clothes walking along.  As a film, this is really just a boring boring boring dull western.  A waste of time.  Posted by The Black Nerd at 7:17 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. The acting is terrible, the story is lame and the ending is stupid.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    -The writing is horrendous. It's like someone decided to write a bad joke and then go and write a story about a serial killer that's also a bad-ass. It has a bad guy who has an almost Satanic charisma, and it makes him even more creepy. It doesn't help that the story has some serious holes: it's a police procedural, there's no murder, and the killer is a former serial killer. The ending is ridiculous, too: he's in jail, he's locked up, and he's getting ready to get killed. The only thing that saves him from the end is that a female cop that's working as a reporter finds him in a bathtub with a baby on the floor, and she tells him to take care of the baby, and then he's taken back to prison. This is a complete joke. The movie is just one long attempt to create a bad ass killer, who's so cool that you'll want to see what he does next. There's a lot of good acting in this movie, and some pretty good acting from the male leads, but the script just sucks, and there's nothing to take away from the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie with bad acting, bad writing, and bad pacing.  If you like to see a bunch of old men acting like old men, you'll like this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know it was a bad film, but it still has a few good scenes that aren't bad, and a few bad scenes that are very bad. The main characters are likeable, but they are also really stupid.  They have a good laugh at a bad situation, and I enjoyed that.  The Bad:    The bad is just a huge, fat, ugly elephant, which is just too big and fat for a good movie.   Overall:      The worst film I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is awful!   I loved the first movie in this trilogy and the story was great.   The second movie was very disappointing.  The story was awful and it didn't seem to be about anything at all.  I don't even know where to start.  It's like a bad video game with all the bad characters.  First of all the lead character is a complete moron.  He's not only dumb but he's also a complete and utter idiot.  This idiot character is very annoying and not funny at all!  The other characters in this movie are even worse!  They're all very stupid and I found myself wishing they would just go away!  It is very obvious that they're just there to annoy and annoy and then the movie ends.  A movie like this is supposed to be funny!  But this movie is very much not funny.  And it's just so bad.  You'd think with all of these bad people around you would be able to find something to laugh at.  But no, not a bit of it.  All of this is just awful.  If you like video games and cartoons this is the one to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film about a man who goes on a quest to find the last of a long line of evil sorcerers that were all killed during a magical duel.  In the end he does, but he has to deal with the consequences. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is boring.   I wish I had stayed home and watched something more exciting like The Wizard of Oz or Treasure Island. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was totally unprepared for the "realistic" portrayal of this movie.   From the beginning, we learn that we are watching a movie. The characters are not just people sitting in their homes.  We get to know them as people.  As a viewer, I found myself not really liking the actors.  I mean, these are all fairly good actors. I did not care for any of them.  They are all the type of actors you expect to see in a movie like this.  But, I was also not impressed with the plot, the dialog, the acting, and the story.  The plot was just very predictable.  It seemed to me that a few people were trying to tell the same story over and over again.  And, the characters were all the same type of characters.  For example, the "biker" is basically a cop with a motorcycle.  You can tell that the scriptwriters had very little trouble coming up with a story to tell.  However, the actors really made the characters come across as real people. I guess the only thing that kept me from liking the movie was the terrible dialogue. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the more pointless, over-ambitious, stupid, and pointless movies I've seen in a long time.   The plot is that a couple of aliens abduct a little boy.  The aliens tell the boy's parents that the boy is an engineer and they need his help to make a space ship.  They take the boy to a desert planet and then send him to the next planet in order to make the space ship there.  It is there where they discover that the earth is actually a huge planet, and they decide to move the planet into the earth to make room for the earth.  A huge battle ensues, in which the earth fights back against the aliens.  While the aliens are trying to destroy the earth, the little boy gets captured by the aliens who then take him back to their planet.  As the movie progresses, the aliens keep trying to escape to the earth so that the next time they can take the little son.  This goes on for a while, with the little alien child and the big alien boy getting captured by a giant alien creature who has a giant space ship with him.  When they try to escape from the giant ship, they end up on an alien planet which is filled with giant spiders and giant spiders have giant spaceships with them.  I guess this movie is about a bunch of idiots trying to get away from aliens who want to get them to their space ship to take the alien child back to the little planet that they came from. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is terrible.  The actors are horrible and the writing is horrible.    The only thing I enjoyed about this movie is that the first 20 minutes were a little funny.  I also like how the movie was filmed on a sound stage.  But the movie is horrible and I do not recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was not a bad film, and I will say I liked it. The story was interesting.  The characters were well developed.    I liked how the story progressed.  The ending is not what you expect.  This is a movie that is not as good as it appears to be.  I do recommend it for fans of the series.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It has everything.   - A really well done, scary, funny, and suspenseful story.  - The acting is pretty good, but a bit too bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "So you've got a pretty good idea how the movie will go. And you're not going to like it. Because what follows is a combination of mediocre acting, bad special effects, and even worse special effects. In a nutshell, it's a poor attempt at a sequel to "Fantastic Voyage" which has an entirely different cast and plot. The first film was a pretty great one, but "Fants Voyage 2" is a mess. The film is pretty much the same as the first, only without the magic. It's pretty much a straight-to-video film and you'll probably get a headache watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie I've ever seen. This movie was awful. The actors were all horrible, the writing was terrible, the acting was terrible. The ending was a complete joke. It was very bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've heard about this movie many times and was really excited to see it. Unfortunately I've had to come to terms with the fact that I'm going to have to get a job, and I'll probably have to sell the house I live in. So I'll just say this: I wish they had made a more successful movie. The writing is so bad that it is not even funny. The acting is bad. I'd rather not watch this movie again. I wish I had never bought a ticket.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't remember what happened exactly, but I remember being shocked that it was in a theater. It was awful. It had a terrible ending. I really don't know what to say. I wouldn't see it again. I'd much rather see a bad "Horrible Bosses" movie with John Candy in it. I've seen them all.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a great movie, but I didn't like the movie either, not for the reasons you might think.  The plot is lame, the actors are lame, and the director is lame.  And if you thought this movie was lame, then you'll be surprised to hear that this movie isn't even in the same universe as the previous two movies!   It starts out with the same boring old people talking about old boring old things.   Now I know that this is a long movie.  But I am not going to give you a long review because I don't know where to start.  I can't say it's boring because I'm not a movie critic.  So I won't give it a bad review because it isn't bad.  It's just the same old boring movie that is being parodied in the movie.    If you want to see a lame movie about a lame guy, then watch the first one.  If it's a bad one, then the next one will be a worse one.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've been waiting for this movie for over ten years now. I can't remember the last time I had a good bad movie. I'm sorry.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a very boring film that felt very scripted. I liked it more than I thought I would, but the plot was not very interesting and I didn't feel that I was in for a fun ride.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really liked this movie.   It's funny, sad, and is very original in many ways.  The film has an unusual sense of humor and is filled with a lot of great lines.  This is one of the best animated movies I have seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is like the movie version of a bad book: the writing is poor, the acting is bad, the story is terrible and so on and so forth.   The whole thing is based on a bad novel, which has a "happy ending", the ending is so bad, that it makes the movie even worse.  It has the usual clichés: the "hero", the "villain" (a young man who is too stupid to act like a "villian"), the "murderer" (he is a killer and a criminal but not a murderer), the "savior", the priest and so so on.  The movie has the same bad pacing and the same awful sound effects as the bad novel: I guess the people who are producing these movies do not know how to write a good ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to write about this movie from beginning to end, but I don't think that's how a movie should be.  If you look at this film's production, then it is not that bad, as it does have its moments. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A little girl with a blue ribbon gets lost in a bad neighborhood.   It takes a little while to get used to the new scenery, but once we get it there are a lot of laughs.  The ending is a bit silly, but you'll get used too.  Mixed feelings:  The story is interesting and the characters are all really nice, but the movie is really boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In short, the story is just like the plot of every other horror movie: a woman goes out into the woods, where she meets an old man who tries to talk her into getting married to him. They go to a small town and they meet a guy who tries in vain to get her to stay with him. After that, she gets lost, but then, the guy comes and he kills a man. She kills a woman, then he kills another, then they have to kill another, and so on and so forth. After a while, the man and the old man go off to fight the bad guys, and she kills them all. It's just like a horror movie, but I guess it's more like a children's movie, because the kid gets murdered in it.   It's just really boring, even though it's got a few good jokes. It never really manages to make any of the murders really scary, because they're always so short, and the ending just leaves me wondering why we even bothered.   The ending was really just a cheap payoff for all the "glorification" the film had given to the old guy and the man. I was never really scared by them at all, and they just didn't seem very menacing at all.  , which I find really offensive. Not only does it use a child's name, it uses it as a justification for its entire premise, even if it doesn't make any sense. And it's a film that's so bad that I actually felt bad about laughing at it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry but this movie is a complete waste of time.  The movie starts with a young couple in a hotel room having a little romance.    But then we get a series of scenes of the husband being a bit of a prick.    I don't think he was going to leave but he didn't have to.  He just kept trying to get back at her for the past two years.  There are a lot of other scenes that are just like the last scene from the film.  One of them is when the wife is walking to the bathroom.  It's raining.  And this time the guy is following her.  I don`t understand how a movie like this is made.  The actors are all over the place.  For example, one of the women plays the wife and another one is playing the girlfriend.  How can they play the wife AND the girlfriend?  I mean, what is the point?  If it wasn't a film about marriage, it would have been a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is about a bunch of kids who play games and then one of them gets an accident and gets his head blown off. The kids are all laughing hysterically. This movie has no redeeming qualities and is just a very bad movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only movie I've seen where a group of strangers have to escape a giant spaceship, all while surviving in a barren wasteland. The whole thing is really weird and the characters are really weird.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In a nutshell, this movie is about a little girl and her father, who both are trapped in the sewers. I don't know why they are trapped there, but I guess it's because their parents were murdered by the killer.   A few minutes into the movie, the killer is found out and they run away.  I don;t know how this movie will end. I just know that it's going to end in heartbreak.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that I have seen before, from the same company. This movie is basically the same, but this time with a different director. It is more funny, more ridiculous, more violent, more disturbing, more disgusting, more bizarre, more weird and more disturbing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad comedy. I know it has a lot of good jokes and there is a lot to enjoy about it, but it is a completely bad movie. It is just not funny at all. It has no chemistry between the characters and none of the humor works for me. I just had a bad time watching this. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie ever.  I'm glad I watched it when I was a kid, it's still good now. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So bad that I couldn't even watch the movie!   I mean, it's called "Ride the Lightning" and it's about a group of teenagers who are in the hospital after a bike accident. The bike they were riding was stolen and they had to find a ride to get back to the hospital. They find a couple, a boy and a girl. The boy is really cute. And the girl, she has a nice body. The girl gets a ride with the boy to a party, where she meets a boy who she's pretty sure is her fiance. Well, that doesn't happen. The man is named "Carson" and he's a pretty bad man. His whole thing is, he's going to be a "sugar daddy" and take care of her. And that's it. There's a little romance, but that's all. Carson tells her, if she does anything to him, he'll kill her. He wants to be the sugar daddy to the girl. She's really not into it. So, they have to get out of there. But, there's one thing they haven't talked about yet:  He wanted to be your sugar daddy and kill you.   And I don't even want to watch the part where the girls are driving a car and they go down a bad road and they have a bad accident.  I'm done with this movie.  I'm done. I'm not watching.  It's like watching a bad bad movie. And, the only reason I didn't give it zero stars was because it had a lot of good parts:  The first girl that they meet is a sweet little blond. She has a beautiful voice and she's a great singer. The next girl is a tall blonde. She does her best to act the part, but she's just as bad as the first girl. There are a few other people that are good. The best part is, there is a really cool ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have always been a fan of David Cronenberg, and his movies are always great, but this movie is a big disappointment.   This movie is just about a bunch of guys in a bar and the fact that the main character, who is a gay man, has a girlfriend (that is played by a really cute woman who has a really nice personality, although the film is a little bit slow) just makes me want to turn the movie off.  I don't think it would have been very effective if he was a woman and the girls would have tried to seduce him. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The bad movie. I was expecting more from a film about a family that lives on a ranch. The movie begins with a beautiful scene and a beautiful family:  I liked the idea behind the story but the ending didn't make any sense.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty good movie. It has an original story and a great story. I have a lot of respect for director Christopher Nolan. I like a good bad movie. I am going to see this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie with a bad ending.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not a movie. It is a piece of trash. This movie has no plot, no action, no characters, no story, nothing, just an awful movie. The actors are awful, the director is terrible, the music is terrible. I can't even watch this movie anymore because of how awful it is.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I couldn't watch it for more than 10 seconds. It's so bad that I couldn`t help but laugh. I mean, it`s such a stupid, awful movie that I could not help but enjoy watching it. I think it`d be a good movie to watch with a nice cup of tea and a good book. This movie should be banned from all theaters, and I hope they do it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had the misfortune to be at the premiere of this, the worst film I have ever seen. This is a bad film. This movie was a rip off of The Godfather Part II. This has to be one of the worst movies I have seen in a while. It's not funny at all. The acting is bad. The movie is just stupid. The film is about a mob boss who has a kid that he just loves to kill. One day he decides to have his kid killed by taking a dump on his front porch. As he is doing so he gets a call from his wife. She says that the mob boss is about to kill her as well. The wife wants her husband to call the police and they will help them. However, the mobster does not want to go to the police. He says that they are not going to help him. The husband then gets a phone call from the mob leader. The mob leader tells him that he wants to have sex with his wife as well and to have it on his wedding night. The dad does not do it, so he tells the mob to kill his wife too. He gets a knife and kills her. As they are about to do it the son comes home from school and tells them to stop. He tells them that the wife was not really dead, she was in the bathroom and was dying. The son gets the family's guns and kills the mobsters. The gangsters then get in their car and go back to the gangster's house. The father tells the son to go back inside and to stay there until they get back. He is then seen standing outside of the gangsters house in a bloody shirt with a bloody head.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had a chance to see this movie a few weeks ago at a small theater. The theater was small and it was a slow, dull, dull movie. The actors all looked like they had seen a bad TV show. I was hoping that there would be a bit more going on but there wasn't. I don't even know where to begin with this movie. It's a very strange movie and I don'st know what it is about. The story is interesting but it is hard to follow. The movie starts out with a young boy named Frank being sent to a very old man named David for some kind of problem. The problem was that David wanted to build a castle in his backyard but he needed a man to help him. The young boy was offered the job. Frank was told that the castle would be built but David didn't know how to build it. David asked Frank to help out with the construction but he was not a good worker. Frank had no idea how to do anything with the castle so he told David that he would do it and then he'd be out of there. Frank went to the garage and found a few tools and he got started on the castle. After Frank had finished building the castle he was called back to the house by David. David wanted Frank to do some work on the house and he told Frank that he'd take him to the castle and give him the tools. Frank told David to get out of his house and go to the lake. Frank followed David to the woods and watched him build the castle while he was there. After David finished building a few rooms he said that he had to get some more tools and Frank went after him. After some time Frank found that David had gone to the beach. Frank thought that David was going to go to a picnic but David told Frank to stay away. David went out to the ocean and he called his old friend to help with the building. David had a small boat that he used to go out and fish for a living. David told the young Frank to go along with him and the two men went out into the ocean. David was using the old boat to help build the ship and he would get Frank a little money to buy the tools from the fisherman. Frank used his money to get the tools and went back to David. After a few hours of work on David's boat Frank said he was done and he and David went to a cabin to rest. David started to feel really sick and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I know that some people enjoy the movie and some people don't. I liked it. It's a good action movie. I don't think I could enjoy it as much as I did if I wasn't a big action fan.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. The plot is terrible and the acting is horrible. This movie will make you want to vomit and be sick. The movie is terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film in the series does a good job at introducing the characters and setting up the story. The characters are all interesting and the script is very well written.  However, it fails to really sell the story, and the film is a complete mess.    In this film, the main character is called by his girlfriend to meet a friend of his called "P. D" (Paul D).   They meet P. D at a bar and he gets her drunk so she can have sex with him.  This leads to an evening of drinking and drug use.  The next morning, P. is still there and has just had sex with D.  Unfortunately, she is dead from an overdose of drugs.  P. and D go on a drunken spree through town, causing more accidents and deaths.  In the end, the film ends with P. having sex with a corpse.  I won't say much about the film as it was just bad, but it was a cheap and unoriginal film that I will probably never see again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this movie and it was like watching a bad TV show. It's a story about a man that wants to be a hero but never has a chance. It was a bad idea to have the hero have no real back story. The movie is very boring and is about a little girl that has a big brother and they have a lot in common. I just wish they had done a good job with the story.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is full of all kinds of silly things. I like the characters and the setting, but this movie just is not funny or entertaining.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to review this movie after I saw it but I'm going to be blunt:  The movie is a rip-off of "The Shining"  in the best way possible: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a "real" "Bollywood" movie and I have seen many. But there is no sense of place here. The film takes place in a city of the future where the "bollywood" music is very popular and the people are very "Indian" in appearance. This city has many skyscrapers, a great theater, and a wonderful hotel. In one of the hotel rooms, a young man has just been married. The wedding was held on the occasion of the birth of a child who is very clever and has an Indian name. This child is called "Shah-Babu" and has a very beautiful voice and a "boho" look. One day the husband, a retired Indian Army officer, is walking with his son in the city park when they see a beautiful girl. They are both very attracted to the beautiful girl and it turns out that she is the daughter of an Indian Army general. After the wedding, the girl is sent to the Army General's son. She lives in the Army Hospital, and it is there that the "Sha-Babis" learn of the baby. After they find out that the girl will grow up to be a doctor, they decide to use the "Baboos" as an excuse to steal the baby and use her to get to the baby's mother.   I liked the movie. It was very interesting and a little entertaining, and the music was good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie. The story is so weak that I would not recommend it to anyone. I have seen better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've seen the movie, you've heard this guy's voice.    This is the third movie in the film series, and it's the same actor, Tim Curry.  The story of the movie is a bit thin, and the characters don't really come to life.  However, there is an excellent scene in the first act that will make you want to see the rest of the series.  In the first scene, a little girl goes to a playground to play with some of the children who are playing around.  She meets a little boy, who is a little "handsome".  Then the little girl has a dream, and in her dream she is a "little witch".  In the dream, she is at a park.  Her family is there, and her father is holding her hand.  Then she is in a field, and she is surrounded by a bunch of little girls.  This scene is very touching.    In a little scene near the end, a man is looking for his daughter.  He's got his daughter's name tattooed on his arm.  It's the girl's name: "Sally".  He gets to the house and asks the girls to help him look for his lost daughter. The girls are all over Sally, and there is no sign of her.  Sally is then seen again in a dream.  A little girl named Sally is in her mother's arms.  "I've been so happy," Sally says.  At that moment, the little witch, who was Sally's grandmother, is coming through the trees.  And so Sally's mother sees her.   The little girl Sally is Sally's name.  I think I like this movie a lot.  My only complaint about it is that the "little" witch is a redhead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film follows a young man who has a girlfriend, she's very pretty and has a nice personality but the film is more of a sad and very depressing one. There is a lot of blood and there is no way that anyone will enjoy it. It is a horrible film, I hope the producers of this movie are arrested and prosecuted for murder.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the trailers, and while they are mostly good, I think this will be a very long and boring ride.  And the ending?  A bit of a letdown too.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a pretty bad movie, but I still enjoyed it.   It's the same type of thing you might see in a horror movie.  A guy is being held captive in a basement with a bunch of weird creatures and he ends up having sex with them all.  They're all very pretty and they make a good show, so I can see why some people like this.  But it's just kind of bad.  The acting was okay, but not great.  I'm not really a fan of scary movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has so much promise. It has some interesting ideas. The movie takes place at a college that is under the control of the military. The main character, Jack (John Turturro) is a student there who is a bit eccentric. He is a former soldier who is trying to get a degree in economics. He goes off to a party where he meets a girl who he is immediately attracted to. Unfortunately, the girl is a nut job who is crazy about the military and is willing to do anything for money. The military is the major force in this film and I found it a bit strange that it was a "military action" movie. Jack is a nice guy, but he is not a hero. The rest of the characters are equally strange. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is bad and the acting is bad.  There are several scenes that could have been better executed if the actors had not been trying to make us laugh so hard they fell down.  There is not one character that you would ever want to see again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have nothing bad to say about this movie, other than it was made by a guy who has no business being a filmmaker. I don't know who made this movie but it's a terrible, terrible, horrible movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film several times in various film festivals, but every time I was surprised by how much this movie had improved.  This is now the best movie I have seen in a long time, and I'm not even exaggerating.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just so bad it's hilarious.  The acting is all over the place and the script is just as bad.    I am not sure what kind of movie this is, I don't think it is a comedy, it is more like a horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is so bad that I almost did not want to watch it. It is not even funny. The movie takes place in a school with all kinds of people from all kinds. A teacher, a student, a janitor, a kid in a red sweater who is never shown, and a couple of kids. The only real thing that is funny about it is the fact that they do not know what is going on. They can't figure out how the movie is supposed to end and that is all that matters to them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have never seen this movie, and have no idea why anyone would be interested in it. It is a fairly typical action film, with plenty of gunplay and lots of gratuitous blood. The action scenes are very well choreographed and well acted, but the movie itself is a bit of a slog. It has a very "soft" feel to it, and the movie does have a pretty solid premise. I wouldn't call it "classic" but it is pretty solid.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character is an overweight guy who works at a restaurant, and in a scene of some hilarity he has a fight with his brother who is also overweight, then he comes to his senses and eats a big burger, then his brother, then another burger and the fight is on.  This is an absolute disaster and the dialogue is awful.    The entire movie is just a big pile of nonsense, it's a mess and a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last time we saw our favourite, the legendary "The Big Sleep" we were left disappointed by the disappointing conclusion to this wonderful adaptation.   I've never really understood the point of this movie.  It's a fairly good story that tells us the tale of a young boy who gets trapped in a strange, old house in the woods.  There's nothing special about the story, it's just that it's about a boy who has been caught in a house and is there to stay until he learns what has happened to his family.  I found this film to be rather boring, the dialogue is so slow and so wordy that it makes me wonder if the writers of this film are suffering from the same syndrome that has gripped a certain "B" movie writer.  The ending is not so bad though. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have to say, I was disappointed in this movie. I thought the first one was good, but this one was terrible. It had a great plot, great actors, and a great director. I really wanted to like it, but I couldn't. It was boring and boring. It took a lot of time to get to the point and I didn't really care. I mean, if you can't have a good story and characters, how are you going to have a story? I thought this movie had a nice plot, but the actors were so bad I found it boring and the story was really lame. It didn't have any romance, so I didn t care about the romance. I was so disappointed in it, that I didnn't bother to watch it again. I have no idea why this movie is getting such a bad review. It is an okay movie and the actors did a pretty good job.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only bad thing about this movie is the "horror" genre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a waste of time. This is a movie about a poor kid who is kidnapped by a bad dude (a serial killer), who wants him to commit suicide.  It's a story about a kid getting kidnapped by bad people and the bad guy having a grudge against the kid.    It's like watching a bad person play a bad role.  "The kids are a little too old for this shit"   I mean, it's a movie.  The bad guy is a serial killer who doesn't care about the lives he takes, and he's a psychopath.  He's a sadistic killer, and it's not even the fact that he's going to kill a child, it just seems like he doesn't want him to live, but if he does he'll kill him anyway.  It seems like there are a lot of things that could've been done better.  For one, they could've had a more developed and sympathetic character.  In the original book, there's a lot more to this guy than meets the eye, and even in the movie, it seems like a lot is left out.  I also didn't get why this kid would go to a house of people who were already sick.  Why not try to find a place to live by yourself?  The kid doesn't seem to have any good friends, so maybe that was part of his plan?  He could've done more with his parents.  A lot of the movie seems to revolve around the kid's attempts to escape the house.  They get a little help from a couple of friends who get their hands on the kid and tell them what to do.  If they weren't in on it, it would've been a very different movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I would have given this movie 4 stars if I could have. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I was never a fan of the character of Mr. O'Brien and I am even less of a fan now. I would never have seen this movie if it had not been in the library in the school where I used to go. The acting was bad, and the music was awful.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a very boring and unoriginal horror film.   I don't really get what it's trying to do.  Is there a scene where there is a woman who looks just like the victim, and is shown in a very sexual way.  If the director wants to get a point across by having a very attractive woman in a film about a serial killer, he should have cast a real killer in the film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very boring, tedious and pointless movie that has nothing going for it, even if you want to see the most pointless movies ever.  I am not sure what the point of this film is and why anyone would want to watch it.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A couple of guys get into a fight and a shootout at a bar. It's like they were all just trying to kill each other.   The film was made in the 50s and the movie is all about gangsters. The film does not seem to have the "thrills" that one is expecting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not a huge fan of the movie.   In my opinion the movie is a little too long.  It feels like it could have been cut down by two thirds or so.  A lot of the comedy was recycled from earlier movies in the series.  I don't really like the ending at all.  The ending was a bit of a letdown.  Maybe I just didn't like the movie that much, but it didn't really set a new standard for anything in the franchise.  This movie is just a big mess of a movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a bad film that does not even try to be a good movie.   I had no idea how bad the film was until I saw it in the theatre.  In the film, a man finds out that his wife has left him for another man.  When the man tries to find out more information about his wife, he finds out she has an abusive husband and she has been cheating on him for years.  The man tries all he can to get back his wife and he does.  It takes him several years to do so, but at the end of the film we find out the man was a serial killer who was killed by a police officer who came to save him.  This film is just horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not sure how they managed to make a bad film worse.  They try to hide the fact that the characters are not very likable by the fact they don't seem to care what happens to them, so when they get in a terrible car accident and they are going to die, the only thing they can think about is getting back on the road. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those films that never gets any worse than it is. It is just another film by the director, who is one more director that is stuck in the middle of a cycle of good, bad, and ugly.  Posted by Brian at 7:34 AM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can I say?  This movie is so bad.  So bad. I just cannot get over the fact that a movie could make me so mad and disgusted that I cannot watch it.  I know this is a horror film, but this is not a horror movie.    I can't help but wonder if the filmmakers had never watched a horror flick before they made this movie?   My wife and I both have bad stomachaches.  It seems we have a lot in common.  So I thought I would share with you the movie that made me mad and disgusting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The bad movie is not about a zombie attack or a mad scientist who turns his daughter into a zombie. The bad part is that it's about a girl who becomes a zombie and then her mom who doesn't even know that she's dead!   This movie is one of those "what if" movies that make me want to throw my TV out of the window.   I don't know if it's a zombie movie or a horror movie or just a weirdo movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is very bad, it is so bad that its not even funny, and yet you still want to see the "movie" to see how badly the acting is, and how badly it fails to be funny, so in summary:  I have watched this movie in a theater in Chicago with a good friend, and we were laughing hysterically the whole time, even the bad acting got laughs, and the bad joke was bad enough to be really funny, but then the movie took a turn into complete crap.   I would say that the movie should be seen by people who enjoy bad movies, and then you would have something really good to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure what the problem was with this film, but I had no interest in watching it.  This film is a little silly, and the story line seems silly and silly, but the acting is horrible, especially by the actors who played the characters.    This film doesn't make a lick of sense at all.  I'm not quite sure what this movie is trying to be.  This movie is just not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pretty bad movie.  The characters don't work, and the script is so bad it could only have been written by a 6th grader. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst films I have ever seen. The script was horrendous, the acting was bad, the writing was bad and the acting just sucked! If I could rate this a 1 I would. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I hate how they tried to make a movie about a girl who is the best in the world at what she does but she is just a girl.   The acting in this film is awful.  It's all bad acting.  The only good thing about this movie is that there is no nudity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This film is so unbelievably bad that it's almost funny. I don't have anything good to say about it, other than I just hope that people who see it get sick of it, because they have to sit through this. The movie is so bad that if I didn't know the plot so well I would think that it was a bad joke. The film starts off with a bad guy (David Warner) running around and trying to kill a girl. That's it. It doesn't get better from there. It has a bunch of bad guys trying to murder a bunch more girls. The only good part about the movie is that it ends with the bad guys getting a new car and driving away.   A movie like this would have been laughable 20 years ago, but today, it's still a waste of time. I'm not even sure if I will be able to finish it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is horrible and it's sad to see that people who don't understand what is wrong with this movie are willing to spend money on it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half of this film is a pretty good horror/thriller. The pacing is just right. It does not feel rushed at all. The second half is the worst part of this movie.   I think this is what the writer of the book intended to show with his characters: they are not all bad people. Some of them are very nice people. There are no bad people in this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has no idea of where it is going. It has no purpose, it has no theme, it is just another lame movie from a long list of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I loved the movie and I love how it made me laugh at the end and how it was a really well done movie with some great fight scenes. I am not a fan of the story in this movie, but it was good to see a big man beating up a small one and it is a good ending to a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot and characters were so bad and predictable that the movie didn't have a chance to have a plot. I felt like I was watching the movie just to laugh at the characters. The movie is just so awful. The acting was bad, the direction was bad and the characters were just plain stupid.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So I've been looking forward to this movie since I saw the trailer. This is what the movie is supposed to be: the ultimate low-budget horror movie. It's got a bit of a twist, but not really a great one. It looks like a lot of people were on set (and maybe they were), and that's about it. I'm going to leave this review right there, and not even bother trying to explain the plot, because that would take forever. It is a very low-tech movie. There is nothing scary about it, just a bunch of characters wandering around looking for a place to sleep. The camera keeps panning around the room looking for anything and everything.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a very poor movie and it doesn't have much of anything interesting to say except it's a movie that I can't recommend to anyone. It's bad enough that I'm sure I'm not alone in this opinion.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say this was the worst movie I have ever seen. The plot is pathetic. A man comes to a village to ask for a loan to buy some things to fix his car. The village women are all in the bath, so he decides to go to the village women's home and ask the women to go with him to the beach. There is a small boy playing with a ball on the beach and they decide to play tag and a fight breaks out. The women have been fighting for ages, but it looks like they are going to have a fight now. The men take the boys to the forest to see a snake, but when they try to catch it, the snake bites them. The girls are now mad at the men and they all run away. I can only assume that this is where the movie gets its name, the girls ran away from the village because of a snake bite. The ending is just pathetic, it is like the men have all become monsters and they are all going to destroy the village. What a bunch of idiots! The ending will be the reason this movie will never be seen again. It is not a bad film, but a pathetic one. The only way I can see this movie getting a positive review is if I had never heard about it!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with a woman who works for the local police station and we see her working in the same area that she works in. She gets in a car accident with a young man and his sister who are both killed. It's a sad accident and they both leave a beautiful daughter, but she's going to be the only one who is going to ever see her mommy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not sure if this is the movie's best hour, but it has its moments. It's a little long for a horror movie, but that's part of the fun. The acting is pretty solid, and the plot has a lot of promise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As an amateur horror movie aficionado, I was a little disappointed with this film. The acting is terrible, the acting is awful. The movie is so bad that it's hard to even be upset about the awful acting. It's hard enough to believe that a movie called "Horror" would actually be a bad film.   I don't even like horror movies at all, and I found myself actually laughing a little bit at the jokes, but the acting and jokes are so bad, it was hard to laugh. There is no suspense in the movie, it just sort of feels like the characters are playing around in a basement with a Ouija board and no real purpose. It doesn't even feel like a horror movie, more like an awful sitcom.   I know this is supposed to be a horror film, but this is so awful, that it really doesn't feel like it's a horror at all.  .
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about this movie is the song:  The worst movie of all time: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the most uninteresting, poorly made and downright silly movies ever made. It's a horror movie, but the way it tries to make you think it's a good horror movie is the real insult. It really is a terrible movie, and I don't even recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was a terrible mistake by Hollywood. I think it would have been better off if the director had taken the time to make a movie about a real person who died from an overdose of painkillers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film follows a couple who live in a trailer in a small town. It's not a bad idea, as it has the typical trailer home set-up with a porch swing in the yard. The wife doesn't like her husband, so she wants to get away from him. She takes a job at a gas station where she meets a man who has been a good employee. She is now engaged to him, but she gets a job working in a hotel. She gets some money by helping her boss with his business and is able to help her kids out with the money. The movie starts out with her leaving to work at the hotel and going to the gas station to pick up some money. It is then that she meets the man, and they are married. They spend most of their time going to and from work together. They are both good workers, but their marriage doesn't last long. I never did understand why he didn't like his wife, but he does like her job, so he doesn't get the picture.   I liked this movie, but the acting was pretty bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I'm being honest, I don't think this is the best movie that is ever made.  This is a bad story, and a bad directing/casting/writing/writing-and-directing/acting-and... So a lot of people who were upset with the first movie have complained that this one is even worse.    It is.  I am not sure what exactly is wrong with this film that it can't be worse than the first one.  It's the same old story:   Two brothers (David Hasselhoff and Kevin Spacey) who are both "cannibals" are locked in a cage.  Then, one of the two brothers decides to get his revenge on the other brother by going into the other guy's house and killing his whole family.  This time it is the other boy's sister who is being killed, and not her brother.  And we get to see her boyfriend, who is a "monster", "disappearing" into the darkness of the house.  When he comes out he is apparently still alive.  But he does not seem very happy about this, and the film seems to go on for far too long without anything really happening.  In the end it is almost like a horror movie that was made to try to get people to buy a ticket to a bad comedy.  Not really a good movie at all.  The one thing that I like about this movie is that the ending is actually pretty nice.  Maybe I'm just a big sucker for the "twist" ending that is done to get the audience to buy the second movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I never saw a movie with such bad acting. This is what a bad film looks like. I was really disappointed. I can't wait to watch a better movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was based on a book by Robert Heinlein and it didn't work for me. It had an alien who had a ship with a computer system and the computer is the reason why the alien comes to Earth. The computer gives them a planet to land on, but the planet is covered with plants and there is no water on the planet so the aliens have to bring water on their ships to drink, and that is why they take a lot of the water from the plants in the planet and dump it into their ships. This is how the aliens arrive on Earth.   It was a good movie and it had some good special effects but there was just nothing interesting about it. I guess if you are a sci-fi fan you may like it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first film I ever saw was "Citizen Kane". It was released in 1941, a year after the end of WWII, and the story about a writer who wants to write about the war, but doesn't want to do it. He finds a couple who are both writing about the same war, and he has no intention of writing about it either. He has to write a movie based on his novel, which he wants to make a war movie about. So, he goes to the front to try to find a war film he can use, and is immediately shot at. He's seriously injured, and then he wakes up with no memory of what happened. The whole movie is like a dream or a nightmare, except that there are people that look like him and do the same things. It's a very depressing movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first few minutes of the movie are boring.  It has an American accent, but it's the worst American accent I have ever heard.    I don't even like American accents.  In fact, I hate American accents!   This movie has a stupid, stupid plot.  It's the story of a group of kids who are out to find a cure for a deadly virus.  They go on a trip to a haunted house.  This is a very poorly written movie.  I mean, I really don't care about the movie. I don' t like the story at all.  What happened to this movie?   What's so great about it?  I've heard it's a bad sequel.  The movie had one bad scene in it, but I don t know why.  Well, this movie had a great ending, but the bad ending ruins it for me.  If you are a fan of horror movies, then you can't go wrong with this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens in the present day, with the narrator (who sounds like a cross between an uneducated college professor and a high school bully) telling us about the death of his "best friend" who was murdered by a gang of bikers (and one of them has a gun in the movie).  But then the story takes a turn for the worse, and you realize that the "good" guy was not a bad guy after all.  After killing a biker, he proceeds to kill another biker and the two of them fall down the hill and start to die.   In a scene I have never seen before, a bikers gets shot in the head with an automatic weapon by a police officer (this scene is very reminiscent of the opening of The Deer Hunter ).    But wait a minute, it gets worse!   There's also a scene where a man in a wheelchair is shot in his back with an AK-47 by a SWAT team!  It gets even worse, in a scene that I never expected to see:   When the guy in the wheelchair gets shot, he gets his head blown off and is then left in a field and dies.  It's just so unbelievable and disgusting.  This is the first time I have seen such a scene and I don't see how this could be true.  A woman (Catherine Zeta Jones) with her head blown apart by a shotgun.  In a scene which is very similar to one in The Deerhunter, a man (David Arquette) is on a motorcycle and shoots another man in the back with a shotgun (I'm not sure how it's possible that someone is allowed to do this).  And this is only one of the more than a dozen scenes which are so ridiculous and disgusting I have to write this review in such a way that I will not get it posted on my blog.  The plot is just awful and so is the acting.  Even the film's producers admit that it is a very bad movie.  I would be very surprised if there were more than one or two people who actually saw this movie and thought it was good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  this is the worst movie ever made.  I think there is an awful lot of bad in this film.  This movie is so bad that it would have been much better if it had been made as a puppet show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a movie, not a comedy.   A lot of laughs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad film and the bad movie is not a good one.   The movie was poorly done and it was all the worse for being an 80's style movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a fun film to watch. The acting is good, and there are some cool action sequences. The only real problem I have with this film is that the music was horrible. I know it is supposed to be an 80s film, but I am still not sure what this film was supposed to represent, but it was way too much 80s music.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know if this is one of those "you need to see it to believe it" movies, but it really does make me wonder how a movie that is a "love story" about a mother and her son can be bad. The story is about a woman who is in love with her son, but he is not in love at all. The mother has been taking care of her son since he was a baby, but she has recently been having health problems, and she is not able to get to him. One night, she wakes up and is completely overcome with pain. She cannot move her legs, and the doctor says it is an aneurysm. She asks her son to take her to the hospital, but the boy says that he cannot go with her. She is very upset, and tells him that she is going to take him to the doctor anyway. He says, "Why?" and she replies, "I'm not sure." The boy gets in his truck and drives off. When they get to the medical center, she is there with a nurse. The nurse asks her if she can give the boy some morphine, and he says, "...I don't feel like it." The nurse gives her a shot, and at first, the boy is fine. But then he begins to feel really bad, and then he is having a seizure. He is rushed into the operating room, where they operate on him. They say he has had a heart attack. When the boy wakes up, the nurse tells him he is going back to the house. He gets in the truck and goes to his mother's. The boy says he doesn't want to go back, but his mother says he is really tired, and asks if he wants to go to bed. He tells her he is tired, but they have to get going, so he agrees. She says he will not be asleep for long, and that she will make him a big dinner. They drive back home. A couple of days later, the mother calls the boy to the bedroom. She tells him she is really sorry that she has to make him eat dinner like this, but that she can't let him sleep in the room. She grabs his hand and starts to lead him back to his bed, but suddenly, he starts to cry and tries to leave the room with her hand. She tries to stop him, but then she can not hold him any longer, and they start to have a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is like a bad TV show. I have no interest in the plot at all, but the characters are pretty bad. This movie really has some great acting and the action is pretty cool, but I can't think of anything I liked about this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What the hell are these people doing making a movie about a guy who does not like guns? This guy has a long story of a family member that was killed by a drunk driver. He was a member of a club where the members were required to carry their own weapons to protect the club from other members who might use it against the club. In the end, the guy who did it was a cop.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is a classic example of bad horror. There is no suspense or mystery. There are no monsters or ghosts. There isn't even a sense of being scared at all. It's just a slow moving, almost dreamlike horror movie that leaves you cold. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is not much of a plot, and this is a film with a long name.  The story is simple, a group of teenagers who want to play a board game with a girl.    A group of high school boys come to the school to play with the girl, who is actually a witch.  I like the idea of the group of boys playing a game, and I like that they seem to have fun, and seem to want to have sex with the witch. But there is no character development.  The main character is a loser who seems to have no life outside of this game.  This film is full of sexual innuendo, and a lot of violence.  If you are looking for a fun, silly, and stupid movie, this is it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible film.  The first half of the film is pretty much nothing but the same old bad movie.  We get a long boring story about a woman who's trying to get revenge on the guy who killed her husband, who then proceeds to kill her and everyone else in her town.  This film really just comes across as a poor attempt at revenge movie. It's got all the trappings of a revenge movie, including a good deal of long shots, but none of the heart.  I have no real interest in revenge, and this film does nothing but remind me of a cheap revenge film I saw years ago.  It really does have a bad feel to it, and that's the only thing that really makes it stand out from the rest of the bad movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was a bad, bad movie. It's like a cheap knock-off of the Saw franchise, which is why I was surprised it didn't do worse than the Saw movies.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most ridiculous film in a ridiculous movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have to say that this is the worst movie I have ever seen. It is a bad horror movie that has no plot, just a series of events that are completely out of order and have no sense of horror at all.   This is not a bad film, just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a lot of problems. There is a lot more that could have been done to make the movie a lot better. For instance, the guy in the flying saucer is a really cool looking character. He is a man who has worked very hard to make his life better. He works hard to provide for his family and to give them the best life possible. But when he sees what is happening, he can't do anything but watch. It's just really sad to see a man do nothing when his life is on the line. He could have done more to prevent what happened to his son. But instead he did nothing at all and sat back as the rest of the world watched in horror. The other characters were all forgettable. One thing that made me dislike this movie was the music. It was very hard for me to listen to this movie because the music was just terrible. There are lots of times when you can't tell what the movie is supposed to be about because it doesn't fit at all. This movie really needs a lot much more work done to it. It really didn't seem like it was made to be a movie at all, which is very sad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't think I'll ever have the courage to see this movie again.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie with nothing of value to offer.   The film begins with a young man named Mark (Tim Robbins) on his way to a football game. There are a few more scenes in this sequence but they don't stick in my memory and it's not that they don  A film with nothing in it to say.   the movie is set at a college football game and this movie is like the football game that never was.   a film with no redeeming qualities.   of course the characters are well done and have a good time. however they have no depth to them or any real motivation to live or to be a part of the game.  . The dialogue in this movie was terrible and boring and there are some very bad acting here and there.  -the plot is just a bunch of stuff that happens to these people.  I found the acting to be awful. I would love to see a real football game as I have seen some on tv.  , I was bored at times and this film didn't give me any kind of thrill. I didn't want to see the movie because I knew there was no hope to find anything good.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it was a good idea to film the whole thing in a studio with a bunch of actors who were too old for the part. It made for a pretty funny movie and a decent watch.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this was a terrible movie. It's bad that the main character isn't named the Hero. It makes no sense. I think the character would have been better if the movie had been about the other characters instead of the main hero.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "You will see the devil's face, and it will be red!"  - from the original trailer of Devil's Bride "I like horror movies because they are often quite funny"  -  Stephen King on the film "A nice little horror movie about a witch who has to get her husband back. If you can get through the first 15 minutes without laughing, I think you have a very nice movie."  -   Stephen King on his blog "It is a wonderful little movie with a wonderful twist."    - "The most perfect and disturbing movie I have seen all year"   "I would like to see it again" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a pretty boring movie with a lot of repetitive dialogue and a boring story. It is about an unemployed man who has lost his job and has to move back home to get a job to support his family. His sister has a boyfriend who is a junkie and his father has left him and left the family to live with his grandmother. He gets a job at a recycling plant and is a little bit lazy and doesn't care about what he does and doesn 't do anything. He does the job well enough but it just gets boring after a while.   The story is repetitive and boring and there are many plot holes that are never really explained and you are left to wonder what is going on with this man. The ending is just as bad as the first movie and doesn' t make any sense. If you don't have time to sit through a half-hour movie then you might as well forget it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I'm gonna complain, I'll complain about a bunch of bad movie.  I mean, it's an action movie, right?  There's some good action, a bunch o bad acting.    The whole movie is like a bad dream with a bad ending.  This movie is a nightmare that just keeps going. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is bad, but it has its funny moments, such as a good scene in which a dog jumps out of a window to see a man dressed as a clown and holding a stick, then jumps back in the window.   This is a classic movie about a man who gets himself in a lot of trouble because he likes to be clownish and then has to live with himself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The badness does not end there. The acting was weak and the movie's story was poorly told.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a bad idea to mix children with animals in this film.   The film starts off like a horror film. Then there are a lot of close up shots of a child in a very dirty room.  The first child is played by a child actor who looks very young and he looks very old.  I think this is a poor film because there is very little acting.  This is a horror/horror film that should have been made into a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to say much about this movie. I can say this: it has a great ending. And I know this because the guy who wrote it also wrote the end of one of my favorite movies: The Exorcist. That movie was so amazing that I can't believe that this movie is any better. I didn't have any problems with the acting in this movie: the actors are very good. But the movie is too bad to enjoy it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The film follows the story of a young girl, Anny Sorgen who, after being left to care for her sick grandmother, is sent to a boarding school where she is befriended by a boy who lives with his dog in a nearby forest. Together they set out to explore the woods, eventually finding themselves in a town which is plagued by ghosts.   The film is not bad but it lacks a lot of the elements that made the previous two movies so good, which is disappointing because they were really good. The movie lacks any kind of plot and there is no real danger or danger whatsoever.  Even though there is an element of mystery and the supernatural, the story is simply silly and poorly written.   The film only has three scenes that are well shot and I found them really well done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I found it very difficult to watch this movie.   This movie has so much potential and could have been very good.  But the story line and characters were so awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an awful movie.  The script is terrible, and it's a shame the actors aren't better.  This was a terrible movie. I'm not sure what the movie was about, but it was about a kid and his dog, who find a giant snake (the whole thing is just a long scene with no dialogue at all, and the dog doesn't say a word, either) and take it to the river and get it to drink from the water.  It doesn't work.    But the boy has a huge, stupid smile on his face, so he keeps on trying.  I'm not even going to try to describe this movie. I'm sorry, but the only thing I can say about it is that I think the movie is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most offensive film ever made.   There is a good story here but the movie is a piece of shit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I haven't seen this movie in a long time and it still sucks.  The movie itself is basically a comedy but it doesn't get very far.    It's a terrible movie to watch because it's so bad and there's nothing funny about it.  There's a bunch of jokes that are pretty lame.  The movie is a bit like watching the movie The Three Stooges in reverse.  I don't know if I'm supposed to find it funny that they are the same people in a different body but I didn't.  It was just boring.  Overall this movie is pretty bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete piece of crap.  It is bad in the same way that a good part of a bad book is bad.    It's all about the story, and that's it.  I think it was a movie made by someone who had watched too much Star Trek and had to see what this thing was all about.  It was like watching a bad television program and not knowing why the characters kept doing stupid things, or even why they weren't in jail.  One character was supposed to be a great detective and then she ends up being a stupid and pathetic sex-addict.  The sex was boring.  When I watched it I felt like a school kid who is supposed to have seen The Great Gatsby and thought it was real good.  If this is the best the film industry has to offer then I am disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of those films that is too long, too slow, too dull and too stupid to be anything but a complete waste of your time.   And I guess we will never get to see the last of that movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty bad movie. The acting is bad and the plot is bad. The film is about a couple who go to a big mansion and spend a night there and the following day go to the movies and get drunk. They get out and go to another movie theater and they have sex. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this on my first viewing, I don't know if it's better than the first movie or if it was made in the same year.    The plot is just awful, the plot is what they call a "troubled marriage", there is a scene where the husband gets his wife pregnant with a baby and then tries to kill her, this was the most disgusting scene I've ever seen in my life, the wife then becomes a zombie like creature and attacks her husband with a knife and a rock, the husband is a professional fighter and takes a beating, so he decides to go to a bar and just kick the shit out of the zombie.  After this horrible scene the movie goes back to the husband and the wife having sex, and that's about it, I was very disappointed with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Dirty Harry" is a bad film, with a bad director, and a bad script.  The film does not show any of the fun of the book and it is boring.    The movie is about a dirty cop who goes undercover in an old people's home and tries to make them forget their worries about the end of the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're looking for a good, cheap action movie, this is the movie for you. This movie is like a "bad-ass-but-actually-pretty-bad-guy" movie. The story is just an excuse to get people hurt, get some great action, and some ridiculous "action-movie" moments. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie and it does not deserve to be a bad film at all.  If you are looking for a fun, goofy movie, this is not it.  The movie does not have any humor or humor at all, and the characters are really lame.  I really wish they had done this movie with someone like Fred Willard instead of the boring characters they had.  This movie would have been better if it had been shot in black and white and not in color.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A terrible movie.  A really awful movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this movie many times and I have never seen the girl who is the main character, it is so boring to watch.  She is just there, she has the most annoying face and it looks like she was made in a vat of glue. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is a combination of both   of  .  It   has the typical bad guy with a big mouth and   a nice little voice that   can make you laugh.   It was a great   to watch, even with all   bad things that  happened in this movie, I still   laugh. It  is fun to watch   with all the   silly things that happened. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love this movie, but it's just a mess.  The plot is weak and the acting is lame.  They need to do a better job of making the film.  It is like a bad cartoon with a bad voice over by the lead actress.  There is a lot of violence in this movie.  I really wish they would have gotten somebody better than this to do the voiceover.  If they had, it would have been much better.  This movie is not for everybody, but you can't go wrong with it if you like the classic film "Rudolph The Red-Nosed Reindeer".
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. It was a great movie with a great script. It's a pretty funny movie with an ending that's not so funny. The ending is not the end of the movie though, it's more like the beginning.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had a hard time getting into this movie, but I have to admit it was an interesting film that made me wonder what would have happened if I was not an FBI agent (I was) and I was an FBI dog trainer.   A lot of things are different, from the dog training to the FBI's methods of investigation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The badness does not end here, because the movie was terrible.  I would like to thank the directors for making a bad film, and for giving us such a sad movie to watch.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an all around bad movie. It's a bad film in that there is little to no actual story, the characters are a bunch of idiots, and the acting is awful.  It's basically the worst thing I've seen in a while.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm going to be blunt here: the acting in this movie is horrendous. I'm not saying it's the worst acting in a movie ever, but it's very bad. I was very frustrated with the direction and directionless editing, the pacing, the bad jokes, and the fact that the ending was stupid.   It's not all bad, though: there are a few funny scenes and there are some very nice scenes, but the movie is just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the movie before (the original in 1981) and thought it was a very bad movie.  It was set in a very small town where there were no people (the characters all live alone), it was just a bunch of young people running around looking for a job and some drugs (some of the drugs were the same as in the original) and it never got very interesting.   So when the sequel came out in 1984 I thought it would be a good time to see it again.    But I was wrong.  And I am sure many people are right about this, that the original is not good and that the sequel is bad.  The first part of the film is quite good.  It is an action/comedy/horror film set in the 1960's where a group of young kids get involved in a group called the Pied Piper.  In order to help them get to the top of the pyramid they have to help out some other kids who are on the bottom.  There are lots of fun and funny moments in this part.  As for the second part, that is where the problems begin.  Here is where things get a little more ridiculous.  First, the lead actor has a bad accent and when he says "my dear friend" it sounds like a "my fucking friend."  It seems to go on and on, and not in a good way.  Next there is an obvious attempt at an old-fashioned monster movie, where there is a man with a mask who eats people.  But this time there are no real monsters, just a group trying to climb the mountain.  These two parts are not a good mix, and the ending is just lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an overrated movie.  You are a guy who is in love with a beautiful girl.  You get married and you move in together.  Then she gets pregnant.  You go to a bar to celebrate your birthday and you get drunk and you fall asleep in the middle of the night.    Then a bunch of people come to your house and take you back to their place.  The guy that you fell in love is there and they get drunk again.  It is just an excuse to get drunk all night long.  There is no plot.  I think they are trying to make it look like a movie, but it is a bad one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not bad, but it was very boring. It made me wonder what was in it and if it was just made to make people laugh.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I were to give a negative grade to this movie, it would be a D-.  The writing is clunky, the direction is choppy, the acting is hammy, the music is bad and the plot is completely convoluted.  I've heard of people being disappointed with the direction of this movie.    I'm surprised it doesn't get a better grade.    I guess the movie should be called, "F.E.A.R. Part 3: A Sudden Death."  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was bad, but it was still a good movie, and I was a little surprised that it was made in 1994, because there was a sequel in 1990 that I liked a lot.  The movie itself is good, it's not like a movie that you can't tell is made by someone who has a short attention span, and you can tell that it's been made with a lot of passion, as if they've really spent a lot time working on it.  Posted by Michael B. Lee at 11:47 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you have any interest in horror at all, this movie is an absolute joke.   The actors are terrible, the film is bad, the makeup is horrible and the story is laughable.  The ending is even more laughable.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was not sure if this was the best movie I saw in the past 10 years, or if I would ever see another. I was expecting a big budget Hollywood blockbuster and what I got was a boring and forgettable story. I really hope someone finds a way to make this movie a little more interesting than it already is.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most pointless movie ever made.  The film is about a couple of people who are trying to win the lottery.  A really dumb film that tries to be something it is not:  This movie is so dumb.   It is really a comedy with nothing else to it.  The only good thing about this film is that it is only about 30 minutes long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    We are told a woman is about to marry the guy she likes.   It seems like a typical romance movie: they love each other, and she has to marry him.  What makes this movie interesting is that this woman is so ugly that when she looks at the guy, she is disgusted with him. She has a boyfriend, and he is a fat guy with a fat body, who has a small penis.  And so they go to see the movie.  This movie is about how two people who hate each other find a new thing to hate eachother about.  There is no romance or love in this movie, it is just hate. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The best kind of movie: bad, bad, awful   "I'm in love with this movie"   - James L. Brooks
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm sure this was an attempt at a fun comedy with a very cheesy ending, but it's a very poorly made comedy. I don't know why anyone would want to watch this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A story about a young girl who's mother's name is Alice. She is a very good singer who plays a bad part and ends up as a dancer at the hotel, which is very much like a brothel. I didn't see the movie but the part I did see, was very bad, it was as bad as a movie about an old lady singing. I had hoped for a good movie, but instead I got something like a bad, bad, BORING, bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The bad:        A lot of time was spent with characters who were very clearly not in the mood to be in a movie.  I was not a fan of the music at all.  I don't like the acting.   The acting was bad and very very bad.  This is not a movie you watch to enjoy the scenery.  It's not even a movie about a great climactic fight scene.  The movie was boring and tedious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible film. It is really stupid and the actors are terrible.  The story is really lame and lame is always bad.  They just need to find a better director to do this movie.  I guess the film is rated PG-13, because it is kind of funny, but the violence is very graphic and I am glad the PG- rating means that it is not supposed to be seen by anyone under 14.  This movie really needs a director who can get a laugh out of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I know this is an old movie and I'm sure you've seen it a million times before, but it's so bad I had to rewatch it. The acting is so bad, and the acting is bad, it's just bad.   It's just so bad. Every time there is a fight, it is bad. And it's not even a fight. It's like a bunch of guys who've been drinking for a week.  I don't know what happened to that cast, but they must have had a great time doing it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've seen it twice, once in theater and once on TV. I like the idea of a man's attempt to get away from the "festering, corrupt and disgusting" city he lives in. It is one of those stories that should have made the big screen and not been forgotten like many of the others.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is about a guy who has a gun that shoots bullets. And he kills a bunch of people. That's it. It's a good movie, though. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "This is the first and only time I've seen a film like this. It's like a nightmare that just won't end. It will keep on going and going, but then will eventually stop."   In this film, two women go to a mansion to visit a friend of theirs. The friend lives at the mansion and the women go there to meet him. The men of the mansion are very friendly to the women and seem to be very interested in them. They even give them a tour of the house. At one point, the women get to see an old man in the basement who tells them that the house was built by the Marquis de Lafayette. One of the men, a very old man, is very rude to the girls and is extremely unpleasant. When they leave the house, one of the girls starts having a bad dream about her mother and the old man. She wakes up and realizes that the old guy is still in the house and he's trying to kill her. The girls find a safe where they can hide and the girl who had the dream starts a fire in the safe. The man in possession of the safe is killed and the girls try to escape in the burning safe. They get to the door of the building and find the man they were looking for. It turns out that the man was a friend from college and the two women are his daughters. They had a falling out and he was trying to take his revenge. He goes to the mansion with his daughter and the woman he had been trying to marry. They go to the bedroom and the man comes in and starts having sex with the girls. When he's done, the man takes his gun and shoots the old woman. When the girls realize that the girl is dead, they are both horrified and scream. Then the man puts his gun back in the glove box and leaves.   The two girls then start to have a nightmare where the old gentleman is going to kill them and they need to escape. They find a locked door in the attic and climb through it. The attic is filled with traps and the walls are lined with poison. The two girls climb up the walls and go down the stairs. They finally escape the mansion but they don't find their way home. They have to climb down the basement and go through a tunnel to a road. The road is blocked and they have to go through the sewers to get back home. After they go through this, they wake up
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is very thin and a little over the top, it was a lot of work for the actors to be so silly and over thetop. The jokes were pretty lame too, I wouldn't mind seeing the whole thing again if they made it a full length movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film opens with a close up of a man's face, which is then cut off to reveal a woman in the middle of the woods. She is holding a knife to the throat of a dead dog, and she says, "He has the guts to kill his dog."   It's like a horror film, but it's not a horror. There is no reason to fear for the dogs or the woman.   And, I can't say the same about the film's ending.  It's all so bad, so stupid and so obvious it's laughable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the whole movie was filmed in a basement with a cheap set. There were several sets, a basement and a parking garage. There was a very cheap-looking car driving around. I have to give this movie a 5 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that is completely, utterly, utterly bad.  I'm not going to try to convince anyone that this movie is a bad one.    The movie is just bad.   I can't tell you how bad it is, or why it's bad. It's just so bad. I'm going to give it a C-minus.  I really didn't like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a boring piece of shit that makes no sense and is one of the most incoherent pieces of shit ever created.  It's a sequel to the classic slasher movie "I'll Be Home for Christmas" and it follows the same pattern:         A couple goes on a holiday trip to the woods where they meet an old man who looks like an elderly couple and they get in a fight with a bunch of other old guys and the old couple are killed.    The next day, a bunch more old guys show up at their house and this time they get the better of the old lady and the husband and the wife.  I'd like to give a good rating to this movie,  because at least it wasn't as terrible as the original and at least this version of the story has a good ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A mediocre comedy about a man who comes home to find his wife gone, and a dead dog.  He has to help his wife out of the bathtub and then she comes back out.   It is only after that he has to take her to the hospital.  This movie is not funny at all.  It is very cheesy and has a lot of bad acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is terrible, with awful acting, poor writing, and a completely terrible premise.  I am not going to get into the plot because I feel like I have covered it a million times over.  The plot:    Two cops are in a car wreck.   They are going to a hospital to be treated.  They end up getting into a fight with a bunch of guys.  The cops shoot at the guys who are shooting at them.  So the cops decide to break into the home of the guys they were fighting.  This is where things start to go downhill.  First, the two cops are being shot at.  Then, when they break into a home, the guys come out of their home and kill them.   Then, the cops break into another home, only to be shot at, then when they go to the home they get into a shootout with more guys.   Finally, the cop that is shot at is shot by a guy in the home.  Finally, they end up at a hospital and a man who looks like he is in his 40's is shooting at the cops.  He is shot and killed by the cops, and then one of the cops shoots the guy who looks to be in his 50's.    This all leads up to the cops being killed by someone who looks more like he was in his 60's.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't believe the crap this movie is about.   The premise is that a man named George and his wife are on a cruise ship, and the ship is taking on water. George is going to fix the boat, but is too busy getting high on heroin to fix it. He then goes and buys a can of tuna fish. George then gets into a fight with some pirates. George uses the tuna fish as a gun and shoots some pirates, who are all in pain. George gets out of the tuna boat and goes to a bar. He sees a guy on the street and asks him where the nearest drugstore is. The guy asks where George is. George says he is the nearest one. George buys the drugstore and tells the guy he is not going to go to the drug store and get high, but that he will buy some heroin and shoot the guy. George goes back to the tuna ship, where George fixes the boat.  The next day George goes to the same drugstore he bought from the guy, and buys more heroin.  George gets into another fight with pirates, and this time he uses the drugs he bought earlier and shoots the pirates in the face.  At the end of the movie the pirates are all dead, but George and the guy are still high on the heroin. The movie is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am so sick of this film!  Not only was the plot unoriginal and the story dull, the film's production values were a disaster.  The film looks like a bad joke and the music is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a bad little movie.   The movie takes place on an old farm, which is a very bad thing to have in the middle of nowhere.  It's not a bad looking farm, but the landscape looks like the middle part of a bad photo shoot.  The actors in this movie are pretty awful.  There are some actors in the movie that have to be seen to be believed.  I don't think I could take the acting much further than that.  A couple of the scenes that are really bad are when they have to get the old farmer out of bed, and when they get him to get up and go to work.  This movie is only worth seeing for the "totally out of place" farm. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the story of a little boy who's mother is dying. The boy goes to her bedside. A man comes to the house and tells the boy that his mother is going to die soon and to take good care of his younger sister. Then he goes to the hospital and finds his mother. He is told to take care of her. He does. He gives her a lot of presents. And then she dies. And he feels guilty about it.  The movie has some good acting, and the children are really adorable. I would watch this again if I was in a situation like this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a bad idea and a bad film. It's a movie that's all about "woe is me, how I hate this movie!" I'll give you a moment to collect yourself and prepare for a terrible film:        The movie starts out with a guy, who's going to the mall with his friends. They all have fun, then a woman named Lucy comes up to them and says "Hi, how are you?" and then she starts to walk away. She's not really an evil woman, she just wants to kill everyone.   Then she starts looking at her hands and they're all bloody. She says "Oh, that's just the blood from the butcher knife I had to use to kill that goat!"   She then starts to cut her wrists and says, "I just didn't want to do it in front of everyone."   Then she goes into a little black room and starts to read a book and then a little girl comes in and asks if she can read. Lucy says "no, you can't. It makes me look too old."  She says "you know I've been reading the same book since I was little. It seems like a lot of fun. Why don't you read with me?"   This girl, I think her name is Helen, looks at Lucy and then starts laughing and Lucy says, "...That's really a good idea, I'm glad you like it."  They all go back to the party.  At the party, there's a big party going on.  Then a woman, who I think is Helen's sister, comes up and says she needs some help. Lucy starts laughing at this and says," Oh, no you don't!"  Then they go to her room and Lucy looks at her clothes and says that her mom took all of them to her closet and said they'd be in the trunk of her car.  Lucy then starts thinking about how this isn't right and how Helen was her first real love.  I'm sure there are many more things to dislike about this movie, but I'll stop here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete waste of time.  A movie that would be funny if it weren't so ridiculous.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a fun little movie that has nothing to do with the plot.  The plot is a pretty standard adventure with the characters meeting interesting people (the bad guys) and having fun while they are doing so.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie a waste of time.  I have no idea what the director was trying to do, but he failed miserably.  There is nothing interesting about the plot and the acting is poor.  The ending is completely unnecessary and poorly written.  If you were going to watch a movie about a guy who can make a fire go up in flames in 30 seconds, then this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is set in a world where all the magic and supernatural is controlled by the evil wizard and his followers. In this world the sorcerer lives in a cave with a human female companion named Nita. The movie starts with a scene that is just ridiculous. The wizard is about to cast a spell that is supposed to turn the human female into a beautiful woman. She is not going to be a woman in that form. But she's going to act like a woman. This is going to cause a lot of trouble. It is going so bad that the sorcerer goes into a rage. The human female is forced to do all sorts of disgusting acts.   After that the movie is just a bunch of people talking to each other and doing their own thing. The plot was just a joke. I'm not going out to see a movie that doesn't have any real point. It's a bad, bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am going to be very honest. This movie is terrible.   It is a terrible film about a horrible person.  I think it was a mistake to do this.  It does not matter if the story is funny or depressing, if it is about a man who is a horrible monster and what he did to his family it will be a terrible experience.  The acting was bad.  As I said in my first review, the movie is about the man's wife and her child and how she was hurt by him and how he abused her and his son.  But the acting is terrible!  There are so many bad actors in this movie.  Most of them are bad for the same reason.  They are bad actors.  What they do is make people believe they are funny or interesting.  There were a couple of funny lines, but they were very brief.  And the story was stupid.  This movie was just stupid. And bad. The movie is all about the woman's life.  She had a bad relationship with her husband and she was very hurt by the things he did.  Her daughter and son were also hurt.  Why did he do this to his wife?  It makes no sense.  We are meant to believe that he was the kind of man who could love his family.  Did he even care about his family?  Why is this man a horrible man?  He is not a monster, he is a bad man.  He has been in prison for some time.  Is that really a man?   I do not think so.  How can a man be that bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The best thing about this movie is how it's so bad it's good, and the worst thing about it is how much it's bad it might be good.   This movie stars a young girl who works at a bank in the city of Detroit.  She is an odd duck, having a fascination with money and is always in debt.  When she is not in debt, she is a bit of a weirdo, as her momma says.  The only good thing about her is she's good at her job and she makes some decent money, but even her job isn't all that great.  A bank in a small town is the only place she can afford to live, but it's just a town so there's no reason for her to stay.  Eventually she decides to move to the big city to be closer to her parents, but that city is a dump.  Things in this city don't get any better.  There's crime, drug use, prostitution, and a general rotten attitude.  But then there's also the police department.  In the film they are depicted as incompetent, racist, and violent.  This is all a bad mixture of the worst of the city.  It's like a cross between 'A Clockwork Orange' and 'A Hard Day's Night.'   The characters in this film are all really annoying.  They are all a bit dopey, especially when they get caught by the police.  However, the other characters in the film are just so bad that they make the police seem like saints.  Even the good characters in 'The Departed' are better than this film.  And if you are a fan of bad movies you might like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The script is horrible and is so bad it makes the bad movie bad. The actors are very good at their jobs but the movie is so poorly written that the actors would be better off in a bad play. I have watched so many bad movies but I have never seen a worse movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had high hopes for this film. It was supposed to be the film that would take a break from the recent dreary superhero movies. It looks nice, has a nice plot, and it was supposed be a big star turn for Bruce Willis. But the film falls flat. Willis plays a small time crook who is caught red handed in the act of robbing a jewelry store.   The movie follows Willis as he tries to stay out of jail, and when he fails he must pay the ultimate price for his crime.  The acting is weak at best. The bad guy is so stupid that you feel bad for him.  Posted by David W. at 9:25 AM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie that doesn't make a good impression.   I would have preferred a bit more time spent on the film and less on the stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so stupid that even a 4 year old child could see it was a bad film. This movie was a rip off of a movie called "Babysitting Babies" and it was supposed to be the movie version of that movie. The movie was supposed be a comedy and it would have made a great movie for my father to watch. I could see him watching it and laughing and having a good time. But it is a terrible movie and it makes me sick to watch it. I don't even think that my father was watching this movie with me. He probably had someone else over to watch with. I really don't understand how a movie like this got made. It makes me sad that it made it to the theatres. I hope it was just a terrible mistake. I guess we will never know. I am so disgusted that this stupid movie has been made.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not only was this film awful, but the actors did nothing to try and salvage the film from the disaster that it had become. I'm not going to go into detail about the plot as I don't want to spoil anyone who hasn't seen it. If you have seen it, I hope you have a good laugh at the expense of the studio executives, the producers, and even the director.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is all over the place and, to me, looks like a very poorly acted movie. It's a good idea that never gets off the ground, and is only enjoyable as long as the actors are acting as if they're doing a scene from a movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not a huge fan of horror movies. It's not like they make them any more; I mean, who cares about a bunch of dead people when there are zombies?   This one is one of those terrible, pointless zombie movies.   I'm not sure why the director decided to include the two "good" guys in the film (the guy on the left looks like he is about 15 years old and the guy on right looks about 40).   The acting is bad; it's not bad enough to make a good movie, but the actors don't seem to be getting any better and they are all pretty much the same type of person (in my opinion, at least).  The only good thing about this movie is the song that plays when the zombie is being killed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As I'm writing this review I'm getting a headache. This is the most stupid and stupid movie I have ever seen. I can't believe it. I have seen a lot of stupid movies. This one is the stupidest.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a movie about a man who lives a life of crime and has sex with animals.  That's it.    I hate this movie.  I think it's stupid.  What the hell is the point of this movie?  It's a parody of crime movies, but what is there to parody?  Nothing.  This is a parody about a "bitch" and she has a lot of sex.  The man is an animal, who lives in a garbage dump.  It doesn't even make sense.  You see, the man has sex every day with a horse and a pig, and the woman has sex everyday with a donkey.  They have sex all day and then they go home and have sex.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    - A couple of months after the release of the last film, the studio tried to bring the franchise back with a reboot.      The story:  I found the first film (the original "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers") to be interesting and entertaining, especially for the first 20 minutes. The characters are great, the villains are equally as entertaining, and the story itself is good.  As I have said before, I did not like the second film, but I didn't care.  The characters in the new movie were so bland, so I didn 't care. It was just another "Power Rangers" movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So this movie is basically about a man who was raised in the woods, and the woods became his prison.   This movie is about the man's life, how he got there, and how he is now living in the middle of the woods with his dog, his wife, and his mother.  The movie was okay, and I found it to be a fun, but flawed movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie does not belong on this list.  It's a boring, mediocre comedy that I have never heard of or seen before.    A group of friends are planning a trip to a lake, only to find that the lake is filled with monsters!   The story is nothing new, there have been several films like this that I saw.  I really didn't care about it, it's just a bunch of idiots running around with swords and arrows.  There are no laughs in this movie, all the characters are dull, they're all the same.  The one that I really liked was the monster who I think has the best name of any monster in any movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie had me at "I like the idea, but I don't like the execution". This movie tries too hard to be something it's not. I'd like to see this movie as an independent movie, so we don't have the constant heavy hand of editing and dubbing. The story is a little boring. I mean, if the guy is going to kill himself, why not kill the first guy to come across him? It's like the character is trying to make his suicide as "sick" as possible by using a gun that kills instantly. It's not as if he's an evil person. But it's a little tiresome.   The characters are all flat. The movie makes me think the director didn't like any of the actors he got to work with. I don,t think he liked the script either. It just doesn't have any real impact. The best part of this movie is the soundtrack. The music is pretty good. It was a little cheesy, but it made me feel a little bit better about the movie.   a few years ago I watched the original movie. It had some good ideas, but the execution was just so bad, I couldn't watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a terrible movie. The plot is terrible. The acting is awful. The movie has one good scene and it is not even funny. It is just an awful movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is not a good movie. It is just a terrible film with bad acting, bad directing and bad direction.   The first half is very bad.  It starts with a man dying of a heart attack. This is done by a man who is very weak and has a very small heart. He says that he is going to die, then does not. Then he says that the people he loves will die. Then we get to the good part of the movie. He is dying. The doctor says to him that he should stop breathing because he is too weak to do so. He then says that it is the people who love him that are dying.  He then goes to a church and there are many people who have died in front of him.  After he has died there is a very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this on the festival circuit at a very late date. I would not have thought this was even remotely funny, but I watched it anyways and it was awful. I mean, I have seen much worse, but this is really low. I guess there is something to be said for seeing a terrible movie that you've never seen before. And I'm glad the cast is all very different. It is really hard to watch something like this and not want to vomit in your mouth. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was disappointed with this film, and it seems like it was produced with little thought put into the overall plot. It is pretty much a throwaway movie, but the director clearly has little talent. The writing is pretty bad too.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     The only reason to watch this movie is for the scene where the little boy gets his penis stuck in a vise.   I don't think this is a very good film at all.  It has the feel of a low budget production.  The acting is very wooden and not funny.  There is not much to the story except for the fact that the man gets his cock stuck in the vise in a small town. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have not watched this movie for a long time. The story is not interesting at all. The main character is a loser and is not very interesting to watch. He has the personality of a robot. He is not much better than a dumb robot. The actors are not very good. I have seen this movie many times. I think it is a bad one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this for the first time this week and I think the only thing I can say is that it was so bad it's funny.   The plot is fairly predictable, but the comedy is so terrible it's good.  It's like a bad comedy where the bad people are all trying to do the same thing as the good people.  If you enjoy a bad story, a terrible movie, and a terrible comedian, this is your movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The ending was lame and the story was bad.   I hate to say it but the ending to this film is lame and bad. It does not give me any of the feelings I got from the movie.  I would not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't want to watch this movie.  It was the worst movie I have ever seen in my life.  It is like the last minute movie that comes out when you are running out of time to go to the movies.    The characters are the worst.  One of the actors is so bad that he looks like he just jumped out of a swimming pool.  The acting is so awful that you have to laugh.  I can't even tell if they are in a bathroom or not.  They look like they are just hanging out.  If you have ever heard of a guy that has a sex robot he is that guy.  He has a machine that he calls "Ride."  He wants to have sex with this robot.  So I guess that's a guy with a sex machine.  And his wife is so crazy and crazy that she wants to marry it.  But she can't do it because the machine is only 1 foot tall.  This is the worst part of the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing but a pile of rubbish, a pile that should be buried, or else covered with a coat of paint so the whole affair is not as hideous as it appears on the outside.  I suppose that the people behind the production wanted a cheap laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the worst movies ever made, and it has to be one of my least favorite movies.   I know I am making a very big deal about the acting (I am an actor, so it was easy for me to take it seriously), but that's only the first of the problems.  In this movie, the plot is so contrived that it's almost comical.  It is about two brothers who go into the woods to find a dead body, but find the corpse is a girl.  They try to make love to her, but the woman turns into a bat, and flies away.  So the two brothers go back into the forest, and try to find her again, but she turns into another girl, and goes into a cave to hide.  The two brothers then try to leave the cave and find her.  But they run into a giant spider and are caught in a web.  Then the cave explodes.  There is no plot, no humor, no character development, no love.  This movie is so bad that it makes the first Spider-Man movie look good.  I've seen worse, but I can't think of a better movie.  Posted by Tom Gatti at 1:10 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is a piece of crap. The only redeeming factor is the actors.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a fun movie that is a throwback to the old 80's. It features a couple of old Hollywood actors in the title role. They are funny as heck and do a good job of keeping the audience entertained while they play off each other. There is a lot of comedy in this movie and it is pretty entertaining. There were several moments where I thought the plot was going to turn out bad. It did and the film did a good amount of comedy to help offset the bad ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the most pointless and boring movies I have seen in a long time.   The story line is a complete failure.  The main character is a total whiner and is constantly talking about the injustices he has been forced to endure and how he wants the government to put him in prison.  This is a man who has been beaten, kidnapped and tortured in the past and wants nothing more than to be beaten again and again.  He is also a complete hypocrite.  What I mean is that he constantly lies about the injustice that he has suffered and how much he wants to make a difference.  In one scene, he tells the prison guards that he is not going to be a terrorist but rather he is going to try and help the American prisoners who are being held hostage.  I find it quite funny how this guy is constantly looking for a way to make money.  It is not until he is imprisoned that he realizes that money is not everything.  After being imprisoned, he spends his time playing games with the guards and making fun of them.  Of course he never makes a serious effort to help the prisoners because that would require him to actually work.  While he does have a few funny moments, I was really bored by this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was in a movie theater, and I had just seen the sequel to The Rocketeer. This movie was awful.  It was a film made by the makers of that same film, and they used the same plot, but it was so bad it didn't work.  This is a story about an old man who loves to play in the water.   His wife has died, and he loves to be able to play the piano.  Unfortunately, he is also a terrible pianist, so he has to teach himself to play.  He does so, but soon finds himself drowning.  So, he goes to the hospital to get a checkup, and the doctor finds a "gum on the piano."  Well, what does the doctor say?   "What kind of gum?  "  The doctor does not know how to find out.  After all, this is a man who plays a piano. So he says he is going to have the patient get his fingers washed.    "Yes, doctor."      And then he is back in the hospital. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a bad film at all, however, it does not have the heart or humor of other of the movies by director Robert Aldrich. The movie starts off with a young man who has a love for a young girl who is the only other female in town. The two become very close and are even talking to each other about marriage. Then he gets caught in a car accident and becomes a cripple. But this doesn't stop him from living life to the fullest and marrying the girl he loves. When he is in hospital the doctor tells him he's not going to live much longer and then the movie becomes completely ridiculous. He meets a girl who looks just like him and she is just a prostitute. She doesn't believe in love and thinks that if a man doesn't love him back in a week he is a dead man. The next scene shows him and her being married in a room full of flowers. He kisses her and she kisses him back. Then they go out to dinner and she leaves him to go and sleep. He is told that she will be back in an hour. He gets out of the car and leaves her there and goes to get his car. The same thing happens again but this time she runs away. When the police come they do nothing to help him. Then the doctor comes to give him a lecture on the dangers of marriage and then she tells him she is pregnant and she does not want to have a baby. He says he doesn't have to marry her and leaves. She comes back again and tries to steal the car. She is caught but he catches her too and he is able to get her to give up the car by telling her that if he can get her pregnant she won't have a child. He then leaves. The doctor comes back and tells him that he is not going anywhere and he has to get married. He runs off and is told by the doctor that if the baby is born, it will die. So he is told to marry the girl who looked just like his daughter.   It is a silly movie that makes no sense and even the actress doesn't look like the girl. The guy is a cripples who never did anything in his life. I guess this movie is supposed to make you laugh at the stupidity of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a movie that can be found on youtube with a title like " The best movie   "   that i ever saw   This movie is very funny, very funny   and i would watch this movie over and over again  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  this movie has no plot and no direction. It has no purpose.  The movie starts out with a woman named Mary (a really annoying woman) and her boyfriend, Jim (who is so annoying I have to laugh at him) and they have a party.  The movie goes on to be a total waste of time.   I would like to say the movie has a very nice ending, but that would be a lie.  It's so bad it's good!    This movie has really bad acting.  I don't know who did the actors in this movie.  They are all so stupid it's sickening.  These actors are so bad they could have been in any other bad movie. I guess they wanted to show the real life relationships between the people in the movie.     There is a very annoying lady at the party named, Missy (who I don´t think is even supposed to be there).   What I don' t understand is that in a movie about an ugly girl and her fat boyfriend, you'd think the movie would be about the fat boyfriend!  The ending is very confusing.  There are many things I don\'t understand.     If you have to have a stupid movie, then watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is all about a very nice little girl (who looks exactly like my youngest sister, except with a red hair).  She has a pet parrot (who was not even there at the time of the story), a dog named Roxy and a cat named Fluffy.  The other kids at school all look like me (my mom is a teacher in the same school), but with brown hair and blue eyes.    In fact, I am about 6' tall and have brown hair.  The movie is not very good, but I like it a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a bit weird. It is an adaptation of a book by Robert Heinlein about an alien race called the Hohokam. They are really like elves, and they are supposed to be able to walk in the air for several hours at a time, even though the air is thin. It would make sense if they can fly for a few hours, but they don't, so there is no way that they can walk in space. I really liked the movie. It was good. I liked the animation, but I didn't really like the voice acting. It wasn't bad, but it didn't do anything for me. I think this is a very good movie, but if you don't like elves then don't watch this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, I am an American.   I can't say that I'm a huge fan of foreign films.  I just don't care for them,   although I have seen several foreign films in the last few years.  It doesn't mean that I can never watch them, but I don't watch a lot of foreign movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I never thought I'd say this, but it seems like the director of this movie is really quite a nice guy.   He makes the movie look very good, and he even has the right attitude to make the movie fun.  But unfortunately he's the only good guy in this movie, and even then he's not all that likable.  As I said, I don't like the ending to this movie at all.  I can't even see the end of the movie without having a flashback to the previous movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film is a bit silly and very poorly acted. The bad guy is a wannabe "Jack the Ripper", he is wearing a red cape and a mask, he is not a killer, but he is just a wacky villain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an absolutely awful movie. If you have ever seen a bad comic book movie, then you know how this one plays out: a superhero is killed off by a villain with a "stalker's obsession" for him, and the story ends. The movie is so bad that I was expecting to see a little bit of creativity from the comic books (which are generally pretty bad), but it was not to be. The comic book "movie" was so bad, it's hard to even imagine a good movie made out of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A story that has nothing to do with the plot, or the characters, or even the setting of the movie. What we have is a scene of a police station, where they have a hostage situation and a murder to solve. The police officer is trying to talk down the hostage to get the killer off the roof, but when he is talking the hostage is going to escape and kill the killer.  If you haven't seen this movie, you should. It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had heard about this movie so many times. It's a story about a woman that lives alone in a small apartment in New York City. Her only friend is a dog. One day the dog is sick and dies. The woman gets a job at a supermarket. She is a good worker, and helps out other employees. She likes working there. One night she gets a phone call. The man that she is dating is going to commit suicide. She goes to the apartment to see him. He is gone. She tries to call his cell phone, but he is dead. The dog comes back. It has eaten the dead man. The dogs mother is angry with the woman. She tells the woman to clean the apartment. She does so, but the apartment is still a mess. She then notices a black cat with an unusual smile on its face. This cat goes around the apartment and eats the garbage. It then goes back to the store and the woman is told that the store will now pay her for the job she did. This movie is one of those things that are really bad. It isn't funny at all, and is not even good. It is also a very sad movie. It also does not have a happy ending.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't like this movie at all. It was really lame, with the only interesting part being the ending (but really the movie could have been better if they had actually made it). The script is bad, with an annoying line like "You're gonna get it from the bottom" repeated over and over. The other actors are also very annoying. It seems like they were made to be in the movie because they were very good in other things. The worst thing about this movie is the ending. I'm sorry, but it's just not funny. I'd like to think this was a one-time mistake, but there's really no reason for it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was in awe of this film. It's not a very good movie. The characters are not interesting. The story is a bit dull. I found the ending disappointing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie had a lot of potential. I was excited about the prospect of seeing the two of them again. The problem was, it didn't live up to those potentials. It was a forgettable movie, filled with clichés and terrible acting.   A really dumb movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As far as the story is concerned, this movie is a complete failure.   I've seen a couple of bad comedies in my life, but this one is the worst I have ever seen.  This movie is one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time.  I thought I had seen it all in the 1970's, but I was wrong.  The worst movie I have EVER seen:  This movie has nothing going for it.  In this movie, the director was a student at NYU, and he was supposed to write a play called "The Cremation of Billy the Kid" and this is where the story starts.  It starts out pretty good.  Billy is a kid who is a bit different from most other kids, and has an older brother named Steve who is his friend.  Then, the movie takes a bad turn.  The movie's script is terrible.  Steve and Billy have a very bad relationship, and it starts out bad.  They are constantly arguing and he makes a bunch of jokes, and then Billy is always in trouble.  At one point, Billy is in trouble for smoking in school.  As you would expect, it all goes downhill from there.  There is a very awkward scene where Steve comes home and he tells Billy he wants to get a job.  He tells him that he can make more money if he gets a job as a laborer.  So Billy starts working as a Laborer. Billy is told that he needs to be careful about his job. He does not do so, and soon finds out that the boss of the place has no problem with people smoking in the workplace.  Soon enough, Billy gets fired and his job is given to a guy who is not a very good worker.  That is the only thing that I remember in this movie.  If I had to pick something else that I would give a 1 or 2 I would probably pick the script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm a huge fan of David Fincher.   He is a true craftsman.  He has a great eye for details.  The opening of the film is a beautiful piece of film.  It has a dark look, with a very ominous soundtrack.  I love the slow, steady build to the climax of the movie.  For all of its flaws, it is very well made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So we get a great movie that is more about the characters than the story.   We're introduced to this strange character named Bill who seems to be a genius, but we don't get to find out until much later.  He's very interested in this one girl who seems kind of crazy but he's just trying to get by.  She seems like she's going to be the next Mrs. Potter.  But, what he doesn't realize is that she is just crazy, and he just happens to be next door to her house.  I didn't care for the movie, but if you like crazy, then I can't recommend this one enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have been wanting to see this movie for years, but had to wait to see it because of my work schedule. The cast is solid and the acting is solid, but the movie is just plain awful. This is a movie about a kid who gets his parents to sell their house and move to the suburbs. There is a lot of drama and lots of action, but it is just too much to bear and the end is even worse than the beginning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a bad film. I was not surprised when I saw this, as I have seen plenty of bad films in my time. I am disappointed that this film had to be made.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't want to say much about the film. It's a good little comedy with the usual elements of a funny and interesting story.   It's like a good comic book or a little adventure film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have a problem with this movie.  The actors were all in great shape.    The movie is an awful disaster.  There is not a single moment where anything happens.  The plot is ridiculous.  All of the characters are awful.  I did not laugh once.  Why would you make a movie about a girl who has an obsession with a boy?  I think the producers made this movie to make a buck.  This is a horrible movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. It's so bad that it's funny!   This is an epic screwball comedy with an almost religious level of campiness. The movie takes place in a church. There are some good scenes, some bad scenes and some not-so-good scenes. The first bad scene is when the preacher is giving the sermon, he gets into a fight with a woman (who is a nun) over some kind of sin. I am not a big fan of the nuns. They are like one of those old nuns that are just trying to hold on to some kind the old ways. It gets worse when they're discussing the sin of homosexuality and then he comes on to a guy who is a little older than him and has a pretty nice cock and he makes a move. Then the woman starts yelling at the man and then the priest has to get involved. That's a long and bad description of the first bad bit of the movie. I'm sure you could find worse. The second bad scene was when the priest is preaching and he takes a swing at a guy. The guy runs off, then the next guy is out and starts talking about how gay he is and he is just trying out this new thing that they're calling the gay. Well the priest gets a little angry and he punches the guy and the guy falls down and starts crying and he says it's gay and then starts crying. I don't know why he is crying but it's really sad. Then we get to the third bad scene when a priest tells the audience that the gay is like Jesus Christ and you need to love him and get in touch with his spirit and get yourself in touch.   The movie ends with a priest who has been on the run for the last few years and is now a fugitive. Then he has a dream and sees Jesus and he thinks he is going to be rich and have sex with all these pretty girls and the movie ends.  I would not recommend this movie to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely awful. If this movie were made by a real low-life low-down low-brow low-hats, it would be called the "Uncle Bunch Movie" or the "Wishmaster Movie".   I watched it to see what I could find in a low budget film about a bunch of kids who don't know the difference between the sexes.   This film has the same level of bad acting, lame humor, bad effects, and bad acting from the first minute of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very bad movie with a very bad ending.   I didn't care for the story or the actors. The bad acting and terrible dialogue are what made this movie so bad. The acting by Chris Cooper was really bad and I could not believe that he had to act in this movie.   in the end I think the director wanted to be a movie maker so he could be able to make movies. but instead he made a bad film that I don't think would get any awards.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a total waste of time.   I guess it was supposed to be an action flick but it was mostly just watching people jump around and try to kill each other. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the same old bad movie.  You know, the one that was so bad that even Michael Moore's wife went and saw it and it is the same exact movie they showed at the Oscars.  The film is about a man who is an artist and a good guy.   He is also a victim of his own success.  The main character is played by Paul Giamatti, who is a very nice guy but doesn't have any acting chops.  What he does is give a great performance.  He doesn't really have any lines in the movie and that is very unusual for a movie. The plot is that the man has to find his missing daughter because he is now divorced and the daughter he has with another woman.  Then he goes to see the movie where the film director is giving a talk about the future of art and the importance of art in society.  It is supposed to be an art film, but it is nothing more than a cheesy commercial for Coca Cola.  When he arrives at the movie theater he finds that the film has been pulled because the director was killed in a car accident.  His daughter is now married to the man who took his life.  Giamatta is supposed be the main character and he plays him quite well.  Unfortunately, the director who was killed was an actor named David Carradine.  I guess he didn't have enough money to make a movie and decided to go down the road and die instead of making a movie that people would want to see.  This movie is a complete disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bit like a bad remake of a bad TV movie that came out in the 70s.  And that's what it is.  The story:   We're told how it all began with a "cute" little girl named Emily (Alyson Hannigan), who is "in love" with a little boy named David (Titus Welliver).    What follows is a series of horrible events that culminate in the killing of Emily's father (Trevor Howard).  Afterwards, Emily is taken in by a family who are actually her real parents (Barry Bostwick and Susan Sarandon) who, it is revealed, have been murdering each other for years.   Well, I'll stop there for now. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have not seen this movie, but I would like to point out that this is a low-budget, low-concept disaster film, and it is pretty bad.   The only thing I can think of is that the guy who played the guy on the TV is not really a guy at all, but a huge piece of shit with a thick mustache and a mouth full of worms.  It is just plain ugly.  But this is still a cheap horror movie, and there are a couple of scenes that are really cool, such as the "The Scream" (I think it's called that, and I didn't like it), and the "Sightings" (which are not really "sightings", but rather just shots of the old people walking around the town and talking to themselves).   It's a shame that the movie is such a complete disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is just a bad, bad movie. The movie itself has nothing interesting about it. The characters, well I don't know about them. The only interesting part of the movie is the ending. The ending is just horrible.   The film was made in the 1970's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that can be said about this film is that it is not bad at all. The film is a piece of junk and is poorly acted. I thought the plot was laughable, even by a low budget movie. I have never seen this movie before and I am sure there is a copy somewhere but if you want to see a film with a good story go and see "Dirty Harry" or better yet, "The Great Zorro" by Sergio Leone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had to give this movie 1 star because I'm not sure I would have been able to handle the horrendous acting and dialogue. I don't care who you are and what you think, when it comes to this film you need to be a psychiatrist to understand it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't give a 5 star to this movie. The story has been done to death, so I'll just say I liked the characters. It was pretty good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of those movies that, if you are not a fan of horror, and/or just don't like bad movies, then you will be disappointed.   The plot is the typical one that has the protagonist, a little boy, and a bad guy who have a strange connection with each other.  This film was directed by George Sluizer, who has directed a lot of movies, but not a lot that are good.  George S. is a great director, but his films tend to be pretty cheap and the plot is rather weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In my humble opinion, the story of " The Godfather: Part II" is a mess.   It begins with Michael Corleone's funeral.  He was an important character, the leader of the mob who put his family in the grave.  The film then follows the new leader of mob family and his wife as they go about the business of life.  This film is all about Michael Corllone.  They are an Italian family.  Their life is all a lie.  You are not meant to see this film.  Michael Corlettone is the only person in the family that is honest.  His father died from an illness and he is now the head of the family. The film is so much about the corrupting influence of money.  It is a film about the corruption of the mafia.  I have not seen a film that was as horrible as this one.  As for the characters in this film, Michael Corbellone is a disgusting old man who has no idea how to get around.  Gloria is a woman who is totally ignorant.  She thinks she knows everything about everything.  Vincent is the son of the previous Corleoni and the only other person who can get around without anyone knowing about him.  My favorite characters in the film are the women.  There are so many that I would not be able to write them all here.  In fact, I have a list of women I would like to meet.  A few that stand out are:   (1)   -   Mamacita:  The woman who runs the bar, the only woman who seems to be involved in anything.  (2)     - (3)    - Maria:    The woman who has to be the best mother in the world because she is so nice.  (4)  (5)  - Monica:  (6)  My mother:  When she was a kid, I think she was 11 or 12.    She was my best friend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The best "Hangover" movie ever.    I was really expecting a decent hangover movie, but this movie is not good at all.  The whole movie was just a waste of time.  First of all, the movie is very poorly shot. The acting was really bad too, but then again the acting is always bad.  Then there is the fact that there is absolutely no plot.  I mean, there is one scene where the characters talk about a movie that is about them.  There was also a lot of talking and not a lot was said.  Also, the characters are just boring.  This movie has nothing to do with the rest of the movie, so don't waste your time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie does a great job at showing the consequences of the atomic bombs and the radiation in the ocean. There are a few scenes where the characters are standing around watching the ocean and some characters appear from behind some water. It's very interesting to watch them being swallowed up by the waves.   A few characters are really bad in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not bad, but not as good as it should be either. The film takes place in an alternate universe in which the first American President George Washington was actually a Native American and he was the first to have a major success on the battlefield. The war was a stalemate and Washington did manage to capture the British general George Cornwallis, however he was killed by the French. This is when the movie takes a turn for the worst and the actors start acting in a completely fake manner and make the movie feel like an old slapstick comedy. The only reason this movie is so bad is because it tries to be a "historical drama", which is actually a total insult to every historical event ever, but it really does not matter because the film's plot is really not very interesting.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I know, I know: I'm no expert on the subject, and it seems like most people are: this is a movie that should never have been made. It has so many problems, and I don't know what to say. I really don't like this movie, and in my opinion, it's just another crappy movie. I'm sorry if I don' like it, but that's just how I feel.   In my opinion it's one of the worst films I've ever seen. I was shocked by the lack of a believable story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a couple friends who were not impressed with it.  It was bad.    I am a big fan of the horror genre, and I really loved this movie.    It was creepy and well put together. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not the kind of movie I usually like. I am not a fan of bad movies, and this one is a little more than a little. I think it's a bad bad movie. It's a poor excuse for an action movie, with poor acting and a lot of bad CGI. The story is about a little girl named Alina, who lives with her uncle and aunt. She has an older brother named Paul, who is very popular in school. One day, Paul meets a young man named John, and they have a great adventure. Paul falls in love with a beautiful young girl named Yura, and wants to get her to marry him. Unfortunately, Paul's aunt and uncle don't approve of Paul's love, so they force him to marry Yura. So what does Alina do? She gets married to Paul, and the two of them move to a house where Paul's family lives. They live happily together. Then one day, John runs away to be with Yura and comes back to find Alina married to him. Well, the end. I don't think this is a very good movie, but at least it has a lot going for it: an interesting plot, some great music, and a pretty pretty main female lead. But it's still a bad, bad movie, and I don`t recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an atrocious movie.  It has all the elements of bad movies.   The pacing is bad.  I can't get past the horrible acting.  The plot is horrible.  There is no resolution.  If this movie was made by a group of drunkards with a really bad sense of humor, I might actually like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is nothing wrong with the movie itself, but it is rather boring and repetitive. The only thing it does well is that it makes you want to buy the Blu-ray (which I did) and watch it over and over again.   And that is what is wrong with a lot of these "super" movies: they are so "super". I can see why they are "super", they are such big budget movies, and the effects and cinematography are amazing.   a bad film: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I like a good horror movie and this one isn't much better than some of the crap they put out.   The story is bad.  The film is a little lame.  It doesn't even have a title at all, it's just called "Haunting"   It's just a bad horror movie that should be thrown away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most interesting character of this film is a very poor one. We are told how much he loves a dog, and yet, he treats the dog like a dog. He is always getting into trouble, and it is never his fault.   So, what was the point of this? Well, they could have told a story about a good-looking kid who has to deal with his mother's death, and the way he handles the situation is not only hilarious, but also very moving.  , a documentary about a very unfortunate and funny child, who has a dog who is really not that bad at all. He also has a brother who is very much like him, and who is the opposite of the boy. So, this film can also be thought of as a movie about the human and canine relationship. It is a little sad, but at the same time, the movie also has lots of funny moments and the kids acting is quite good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A lot of movies in this genre are trash, and this one is no exception. There's not even a hint of originality in this movie and it doesn't even have the decency to try and be interesting at all. It has no personality, no plot, no dialogue, no anything, so what is it about? It's the most predictable, boring, and predictable movie ever made.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved this movie, but I can't believe the people who did it. This is a terrible movie about a poor man who has a terrible life. His father is a drunk and the son is a lazy son of a bitch. His mother left him and her husband in order to live with her sister. She had a little girl and she went away to visit her aunt. The uncle came to the house and found the little girl, took her home and raised her. I'm not going to say what happened, but the uncle killed her. He was very cruel to the little boy and it is very sad.  You know what is so great about this movie? When the uncle finds the little child in the bathtub, he looks at the child and says to the child, "You are such a beautiful child." The child replies, "Why you, are you a ugly man?  I'm so glad the producers of this movie made a second one. I would watch it again, if I was the poor man. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a low budget disaster. Not only is the movie low budget, the movie is also poorly made. The acting is bad. The camera angles are bad. This is just a bad bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's like a terrible car chase movie: you see a guy driving through the city at night and you think you can outrun him. You don't realize that his speedometer doesn't have a zero.   It's not that bad, but it's not great either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot was completely ridiculous and a little too similar to the movie  The Dead. It was hard to watch because it was so obvious what they were trying to do, and the whole film was a complete waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like the "torture porn" of "The Dark Knight", then don't even bother reading this review. If you like torture porn, then read it.  "The DarkKnight" is a "tough guy" movie.    It's a story about a tough guy who's tough to be around.  I guess this is why it's called a "dark" movie...   The story takes place in the early 80's in an "up and coming" city.  It is not just a gritty crime movie. It's more like a "hardcore" crime movie than a "gore" movie, and it doesn't go for the "cannon shots".   What makes it so "hard" is the fact that it's about a very troubled man who is not quite what he seems.  There is a lot of humor in this movie.   I found it to be a "good" movie that just doesn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're a fan of old school grindhouse films you will enjoy this.   I like this kind of stuff. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I found it interesting that the main character, a middle-aged man, has a son who was born with no legs. He is then adopted by a couple who are trying to save their son from being an alcoholic. The movie is based on a novel of the same name by Paul B. Harris. I thought it was a very bad movie and I thought I would give it one star because of it's poor production values.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was a little boring to be honest, with the main bad guy (played by the late, great John Travolta) looking pretty much the same for every other scene he is in.   There was a lot of back and forth between the main villain and the bad guys, but in the end, they didn't seem to have a lot to do with each other.  I'm sure Travolto's role was more than just a stuntman in the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a bad flick. It is bad, it's not even bad. The actors are all pretty good, but this movie is not funny at all. It just makes me want to go out and shoot some clowns! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was never a fan of the first Batman movie. The story didn't make any sense, the acting was terrible, the visuals were terrible, and the villains were pretty bad. I was hoping to see some more of Michael Keaton's Batman, but no, I was sadly disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not very happy with this movie. I didn't like the music at all, the story is really boring and stupid. I don't care what it says about the world it is from or how it is about it, I just do not care about it.  What really bugs me is that they didn't give me any hints about the people. I thought they would have made me look into the background of the people so I could know what kind of people they are, I was so frustrated with this film.  I really liked this movie!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst of the lot is this movie. It takes a good concept and then goes out of its way to completely destroy it. It's a horror film and it should be that way. There are some things in this film that are really well done and the film is scary, but the direction is terrible. The acting is terrible and there are a lot of scenes that are just stupid. There is a lot going on in this movie and it's a waste of your time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am a huge fan of this movie and i am really glad that you made it. The movie is a true comedy about a bunch of losers, one of them is a wannabe actress, the other is a weirdo, and the last is a little bit of a wuss. It's a hilarious, stupid, funny movie, and it should have been on TV.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has a story. A man is in the hospital with severe wounds. He has no family. He is in a terrible state and it is obvious that he is dying. He hears a voice and he asks the voice for something. The voice says "I don't want to be a part of this." The man's life is in shambles. He can't hold down a job, and his wife has left him. He asks the Voice for forgiveness. The Voice tells him that he doesn't want forgiveness, and he won't get it. The man tells the Voice that he's done everything in his power to make sure that he won, and now that he has done that he can't help himself. The movie tries to be very dramatic, but it is a very dull movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that kept me going through the worst parts of the movie was the fact that there were no monsters or vampires in this film.  Instead, it was the world of the vampires and the zombies that made up for the bad writing, bad acting, and terrible acting.  The only time I felt the film had some decent performances was in the final fight between the two main characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot of this movie is not very original. It follows a group of guys who are in a small town that has a big problem with the local "mushroom" men, who have come down from Mexico to do a drug deal. This movie has all the makings of a good low budget horror movie.   It's all about the kids:  The only thing this movie had going for it was the actors. I really enjoyed the movie. I think it was a great idea to make a movie about a group that were in a haunted house that had no way of knowing that they were in the haunted house. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think I'll never watch this movie again.   The director is a professional, but not a good one.  He has a very low IQ, and a low opinion of humanity.  The actors are so-so, but all the good parts are played by bad actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is so bad that it's actually a comedy:  The most absurd thing I've ever seen in my entire life.   There are a couple of times when the characters are supposed to be on the verge of having sex, but it's never clear which is which and they're never even in the same room.  They don't even look like they're having sex in most of the scenes, but they are:  A: a boy who wants to have sex with his girl.  B: a guy who wants a blowjob.  C: a girl who wants an anal sex.  D: a couple who want to have anal sex in a restaurant.  I don't get the point of this movie.  This movie should not be made at all.  The film was filmed at a high school and was released as a Christmas movie:    The kids are having a party in the basement.  It's supposed to look like the kids are playing some sort of game, but in reality they're watching a movie and laughing about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I never heard of this guy. I mean, he does not look like a "legend" to me, nor does he sound like a real legend. He was only on one episode of a tv show called "The Naked Gun", but you have to give credit to whoever made the show. I have never seen a more bizarre looking guy. He is dressed up like a clown and the guy just seems so stupid and I think that was the only time he ever was funny. I am glad that the "naked gun" show was over in 1982.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not a fan of the last two movies, but this is so bad I can't even. It's one of the worst movies I have ever seen, and I've seen some bad movies. The main character, Michael, is a horrible person, who doesn't seem to care about anything except for what he thinks is his own satisfaction. He is also a terrible teacher. I have no idea why the studio thought it would be a good idea to put this movie out. The plot is nothing but bad jokes, terrible acting, bad dialogue, and horrible special effects. It is almost impossible to follow what is going on, and the special effects are very poor. The only redeeming thing about the movie is that Michael gets to act, and he is a good actor.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is not a very good movie. The actors are good. The director makes bad decisions in certain scenes. It is a movie that does not need to be made.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It has all the hallmarks of a bad film: the terrible acting, the dull dialogue, the uninspired story, and the dull special effects. The whole movie is based around the fact that a "good" guy gets the chance to kill a bad guy. This is done with a "crocodile" as the bad guy, and a "gator" as a bad man.     The bad guy is actually a guy called "The General," who is a very sadistic man who enjoys watching people die slowly in front of his eyes. The movie starts off with The General, and his goons, taking out a bunch of men in a field. One of them gets killed by The General's goons in a brutal way. He then has a "miracle" happen. He suddenly gets the idea to give one of his goon's a bullet in the face, and then have the other one shoot him, so that he wouldn't be able to run. It's just so sad, and this is supposed to be a "happy" ending. Well, The General ends up getting killed in a freak accident, and is left to die. He just lays there, like a dead man, and when a cop comes to investigate, he doesn't even get up to say a word.    Well, the police arrive and take The General away. He is left in a hospital, and while he is unconscious, he begins to "speak" to the cops. He says that "the good guys" have won, and that the "bad guys" are all going to be killed by a "humanity" that he thinks he can see in his mind. He ends up going insane, and has to be taken off life support. The police take him home, and The General dies.  The movie ends with the "good guy" walking out of the hospital, saying "That was just an illusion."   A few years later, The general comes back as a zombie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As much as I love the film, I was left feeling that it was missing a great deal of what makes a good story. It was too much about the characters and what they were thinking, which is what makes movies work. They don't work if you don't think. And in a movie where you're supposed to be in the future, that's pretty much the only thing you need to do.   I can't say that I disliked this movie at all, but it wasn't the story that did it for me. I'm pretty sure that the first half of the film would have been even better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was so obvious that this movie would never live up to the hype of being the next blockbuster.  Even though it was set in the future, it didn't make a whole lot of sense. Â It was like watching someone who has seen every movie made in the last fifty years re-do them.    The story is about a robot who was born with a human brain.  He was a robot for a while but then a human baby was born.  Then, a robot girl was born and the robot boy grew into a teen.  It was a very lame story with a boring character that was really only there to sell the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know I'm going to get crucified by the internet for saying this, but the "movie" in this film is really not that good at all.  It's kind of a long and boring story, which doesn't really tell us much about the characters and the story.   The characters are fairly shallow and the stories are a little weak.  The story of the two kids who are going on a "journey" in the desert is not very interesting, and the film itself isn't that great either.  This film could have been done much better, and I hope the director gets a better screenplay next time.  It's not worth the price of admission at all, and it makes me sad that it is a movie that's been out for so long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poor film. It is just too silly and silly to be taken seriously. I can't believe they had to cast a little girl as a giant robot. It just makes me sick. I thought they should have cast an actor like Kevin Bacon as the little girl. It wouldn't have made much of a difference, but the way it was filmed, the giant robot, the voice of the robot, and the robot's little friend were all just too stupid. It's one of the worst films I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The "B" in DOGS (in this case, the "B-movie" version) is an uninteresting "B." It's a low-budget, badly-made, poorly-acted, low-rent "B"-movie that's full of bad acting, bad editing, and an over-abundance of cheesy dialogue.   If I wanted to see a "B," I'd go watch a bad sitcom. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pretty standard adventure film.  The only reason it was better than a lot of other films was that the script had a lot more to it than just a good old fashioned chase scene.  The action was decent.    A film with a lot to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie starts with a "fishing" film with the protagonist (who is not really a fish) "fished" out of the water and back into the water. The camera pans to the sea and we get to see the sea as a blue background and the fish as a little blue thing with fins on it. This is followed by a shot of the fish "hanging" on a rope and then we see the fish again and see a small "ship" and a boat (we are still in the sea) and then the "fish" is pulled along. And so it goes along, and eventually the camera goes down to the ocean floor and we see what looks like an abandoned submarine. And then we are "back" on land and the camera pans down to a "tree" and we are shown a very large "tree." We then see a man walking through the trees. This man is looking at a picture of a woman in a dress. We are then shown a "ship," and this is followed with another shot of "the ship" and then a "boat." We see another shot "of the boat" and this time we see a very big "boat" and there is a man on the boat. We see a shot from above the boat (as if we are on the water) and we watch a man walk around the boat and we follow him. This ends with a shot which shows the man on a large boat. And we are left to ponder whether the man is a fisherman or not.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a pretty good movie. It starts with a small group of survivors being forced to escape a sinking ship. They then end up on a deserted island. This is followed by some action and humor. The acting is ok, the dialogue is a bit cheesy. This movie does have a good sense of humor, and the movie's story is a good one. However, there is no depth to the characters, and there is little suspense. It is not really that bad. The ending is somewhat anticlimactic, but it's a short movie. I would recommend this movie for those who want to see a little more action than in other movies. If you like this movie, try out the other sequels: Dead Alive 2: Dead on the Boat and Dead Alive 3: Dead at the Beach.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've heard a lot about the new movie "Wrecking Ball" but didn't really like it.   It's about a baseball game between the St. Louis Cardinals and the St Louis Cardinals.  The story is about a kid from the Midwest named Jack Barmes who lives in the Bronx, New York, and he wants to play in the big leagues with his friends.  This movie is not good.  First of all, the movie starts with an awful scene in which a kid's mom tells him that her husband died in a car accident.  There's not a lot of detail about what happened, and the only information is that he got hit in the head and died.  It is very apparent that this movie was not filmed in an authentic fashion, and it is extremely hard to imagine how it could have been made.  I don't know if the filmmakers had the money to pay actors, and there is not a very strong script.  Also, the story is not very good. The baseball game is played in a baseball field, which is probably a little better than a baseball park, but it is not enough.  And the fact that the kids are from the same city as the main character is another weak point.  So if you are a baseball fan and are interested in watching a movie with a bad plot, bad acting, and bad baseball scenes, then this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have a confession to make:  I'm a huge fan of the Star Trek universe, but never a big fan of Trek: The Next Generation. I was always a bit disappointed by that show, as I always thought it was a bit lacking in the action department. I didn't really care for Picard, nor did I care for Data, nor was I ever a fan of Crusher, nor Riker. I guess this is my reason for watching this movie, as it is a very good movie.   This movie has been described by some as the "next step" in the Trek universe. It's a good one. It is certainly not a sequel, but it is certainly a sequel to a previous film in the franchise, and I like that. The movie is really good, it's not as good as "The Undiscovered Country" (which was directed by TNG writer Ronald D. Moore, which is probably a bad thing), but it's certainly not bad, and it's definitely a good movie to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a "drama about a father who finds out his daughter has been murdered and goes to Mexico to find her.  It is a very stupid, very melodramatic film.  There is not a lot of story to be found.   It has very little sense and it is very bad.  The story of the film is that a man is going to Mexico for the murder of his daughter.  He has been told he will get to Mexico the same day as his daughter but he does not know it is the day before.  When he arrives in Mexico he finds out that he has been sent to the wrong house.  In the beginning of the movie there is a lot going on.  But after a few minutes the film starts to get very confusing.  I don't know how to describe it but the movie just gets worse and worse.  What I really liked about the movie was the Mexican people.  They have a great sense of humor and the Mexican music is so good that it is almost painful to listen to.  This movie is so bad that I would have enjoyed watching it if it were not for the horrible dialog. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot and characters are so bad that the whole movie is a comedy. The plot is based on the same old "the world needs saving" story that Hollywood used to tell. The hero, named "Himself" (I'm sorry but that's the most boring name I've ever heard) is an ordinary dude that gets mixed up in some big time events. I don't know about you but I wouldn't want to be me. The movie is so bad and so stupid that I can't even make it through one minute of it.  There are some good lines here and there but it's not worth watching it. The only thing I can think of about this movie is that it's a "what if" film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't get what the point of this movie was. I don't know what the audience wanted out of the movie. The whole film was so dull and pointless. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it was really great. It's funny as hell, and there are a few good moments. But it was so bad, I didn't even finish it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not for people who like good action movies, as they were very disappointed by this movie, there are no good action scenes and only some random stuff, the characters are just not that interesting, some of the most stupid stuff in the world.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You are here for a good movie about a good guy and a bad guy that do not get along at all, so when the good guy is kidnapped by the bad guy, the good guys have to stop him and then they are in a fight for their lives and the bad guys are very powerful and they are all killed and the good movie ends when the bad one is killed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am sorry but this movie sucks. It's a film with a very strong cast and they are all playing roles. It seems that they did this film on a budget that is not worth it. The acting is awful. I am sure they all had a great time doing their thing but I'm sorry but they do not give any reason why they are in this movie. I was not a fan of the movie when I saw it. I would not recommend this movie at all.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know, I know. I just finished the first movie of the series and I can only assume that the last movie will be even worse. If the series was going to end with a whimper, this movie will certainly be a goner.  The story is as predictable as the ending. The main character has been having a bad day, until a giant flying monster shows up and kills everyone except for him. He finds a mysterious girl and his only way to get her back is to take her to a castle on the top of the world. What could possibly go wrong? The castle is a huge, boring maze full of corridors and rooms and the only thing that keeps the monsters out are giant boulders.  There is so much going wrong in this movie that it is really hard to keep your eyes open.  I could not get through the entire movie, especially since I was really sick.  If you like the series then this movie is the end of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are only a couple of good parts in this movie, but they are not the good parts of the movie. It is about a man who is in prison for killing someone who is trying to rape a little girl. He has an opportunity to escape, but does not take it.   The problem with this movie is that the only people who seem to like it are the actors. It's not a good movie, and the acting is terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this in an afternoon.  It's about a guy who's looking for his dead sister.    He goes to a house where his sister has been living with her sister's family for several years.  They don't seem to care about her at all.  It's about an old lady who has an old house, but she keeps a dog.  She keeps him locked in the house.  I don't like dogs.  One time she says, "The dog's a real bad dog. He'll bite you in the ass if you get in his way."  I've never seen a dog that bit anyone.  This movie's about the way people treat the dog.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really wanted to like this movie but the acting was awful.   The worst was when the boy was being bullied by his sister and the mommy says to the sister "You're the baddest little boy in the whole town"   and then they go outside for a hug and he's like "I'm not the badest boy in all of the town" and she replies "No you're the best, you're my best friend" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie had the right idea in a stupid movie: take a bunch of misfits from a high school to a seedy and dangerous bar. And it does so in an amusing way.    The movie starts off by showing that the whole thing is staged. That they are in a highschool that's been remodeled and now is a place where a bunch people from different backgrounds hang out. And while I'm sure it's done for the sake of comedy, I do find it kind of annoying.  I'll give this one a C.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was expecting a good movie, but instead of making it, it made me sad. I would not have watched this movie at all if I did not see the trailer on the internet, I was already aware of the fact that this is a "weird" movie. It is one of those movies you will only watch if you want to laugh. This movie is not funny, it is sad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As soon as I got the DVD of this, I noticed it had some good points: a nice plot, a good cast and even some actors that you like (like the lady with the gun). The bad parts: a very badly written story, a terrible acting (some actors that have a decent performance do nothing with it), and a bad ending. I'm glad to see it was filmed in the 70s.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really don't have much to say about this film.  It's a remake of a film that had nothing to do with it.  "Butterflies are not dead yet!"    Well, they are a little dead and it's up to the good guys to save them.   I would like to see a movie about a frog or a chicken or a dog or a cat or a spider or a dragon or a giant robot who can talk and a talking fish.  And a lot more... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've heard so much bad stuff about this movie, and I guess I am not surprised that the film's ending is even worse than the rest of it. I just don't get why they bothered putting a scene where the protagonist is holding a dead baby in his arms in this movie. And I suppose I could get an answer for that, since I suppose a baby has some special powers. But the fact that they have a baby in this film at all is really just bizarre, since it is the most disturbing thing about the movie. The ending is so bad, and so stupid, that it makes the rest seem like a child's picture book, or a children's story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very poorly written film. The story is predictable and not very good. It does have a decent cast, but none of the actors seem to have much chemistry with each other. The acting is bad, the characters are boring, and the plot is silly. It is just a bad film that does not stand up on its own.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is about a young man who is forced to live with his brother and his cousin. The cousin is a sadistic sadist who is a psychopath. The brother is a bad person who is also a psychopath and is very violent and is the only one who can kill. The story is very simplistic and the characters are very bland. The plot is stupid and the acting is terrible.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a horror movie with an all-time bad acting, bad acting is the worst in movies!  The movie does not scare at all.  I was afraid to see a horror film, but this one is a real monster!  4.5 out of 5 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It has been over a year since I first read the book. I haven't watched the movie, but I read the movie on the way to see it.   The movie is about a girl who gets married and then goes back to school and her life changes drastically when her husband gets a job that allows him to move away.  In a strange way it feels like a very slow movie.  The pacing is slow and boring and it is hard to imagine how anyone can enjoy it. I was bored to tears by the end of the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't even know why I am typing this review. I don' t even know how I feel about this film, but I do. I have never seen a worse movie, and this is a perfect example of why. I was a little bit nervous about seeing this film since I am not a huge fan of horror movies. This film was just too bad to be good. This was a film that I wanted to laugh at, but the laughs were few and far between. The dialogue was so terrible and awkward. It made me cringe at times and laugh at others. This is just a bad film, and I can't wait for the next one. I would recommend this film only to people who have seen the first one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's the last movie of the last 20 years of the series, and it's just not that good.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've read reviews of this movie that have said that it's a "bad movie" or "bad in general." I disagree.     It's a bad film, but I do have a couple things to say about it.  First, it is the worst horror film I have ever seen.  All of the scares are lame and unnecessary.  The ending is the lowest point in the entire movie.  There are some good effects, but all of them are cheap.  Second, I find the casting of the lead actors to be terrible.  I can't even begin to say how bad the acting is.  It's not even the acting that is bad, it's the acting style.    This is not a movie that I will ever watch again.  If you are a fan of slasher films, or horror, or any type of movie that has a very cheap, cheesy, and horrible acting style, this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is boring, the characters are bland, the acting is boring and the story itself is so much rubbish. It's a boring action movie that is about a couple of thieves who go to a big city to rob a bank. The robbery is set up by some cops who are waiting for them and are prepared to shoot at them in the back of a van. They make their getaway and they go through the city in their car, where they rob a few people, but then they come across a couple in a car who have a baby. The couple is a bit confused as to what's going on as the couple and the baby all seem to have the same hair color, but the baby is a girl. The thief, the leader of the team, is called "Mr. C". His name is a play on the name "C" which is short for the "Commodore". The other thief is called Mr. P. He is the guy who is driving the car that they steal from. They steal another car but are pursued by the police and one of the cops shoots Mr. C in the leg with a pistol, but he's not killed by the bullets, so he crawls away to find help. The cops come and chase after them and Mr. R is shot and killed, and Mr R is not really dead, so they try to get to Mr. A. who has been shot by another cop. They get to a hospital and Mr A, who's not dead, wakes up from his coma, and he tells them about what's happened. He tells them that they have to return to the bank where the car is to pick up the money. The other car has been stopped and the police is going to take it away. So they go back to the car and Mr P asks them if they are going to shoot him in the head, because he's the leader, but they are not going to. They drive the car to the place where they have the money to go back and the rest of the gang are waiting. They go through a few more people and Mr C tells them they have a little problem, because a bunch of other people have also got some money in their pockets. He gets to the money and gives it to the leader and then he and the others go to the van and drive away. I really have no idea what they were doing, or why they decided to go to that bank in the first place. The thieves go
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know what you're thinking.    You think this is a bad bad movie.  Yeah, I know, I told you I would write this review.  I didn't say that this was a good bad movie, but it was an okay bad movie to look at and enjoy.  There is nothing really interesting about the story.  The plot is predictable, predictable, and predictable.  But the characters are all the same.  And that is a problem.  When I watched this movie for the first time I was expecting something different.  This is not different. It is just a bad little movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a horrible film. I was shocked at the violence, which is not that common in this kind of movie. There are also a few instances of stupidness and stupidity. There was a scene that is really dumb, but I can't help but laugh at it. It has the appearance of a real bad movie. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't get it.   The film opens with a shot of a cityscape with skyscrapers on the horizon.  A group of men are walking through a large park in downtown Detroit, and talking about a recent murder:  One man was killed by a hitman, and the hitman's name was John Henry.  He is a man with a past.  The men walk through the park and see a young girl lying in a pool of blood.  They notice that her clothes are torn up.  Her name is Claire (Claire Valli) and she is the daughter of a wealthy businessman who was killed a few years back.  One of the men walks over to her, and she calls out to him:  "Daddy?  " No answer.  Then she starts to cry:  Claire:  What happened to Daddy?   What a shame...   They walk into a building, where they see the body of the man they just killed.  There is a note on the body:  I love you.    They walk out of the building and into a warehouse:  It's empty.  I thought I was going to die.  "We have to get out of here," one of the guys says.  "Where are we going?"   And then a shot is heard:  They're all dead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was just about to finish this movie when I remembered the last time I watched it: The movie was about the search for a girl's missing brother. It was the same plot line from the book, and the same characters, and same music. The movie did not even have a plot!   Now this is the last movie in this series, but I am not going to watch the movie because it's just so bad, and this movie is only in the middle of a movie, so it will not last long. If I had to sum up this movie I would say: There are some pretty good movies in this world, but this is not one of them. It's so bad it's actually good.   If you enjoy the books: Read the books, it's better.  's first book was written in 2004, and it is based on a real-life story about a young woman who goes missing in the woods. It has been a while since I've read a book that made me laugh so hard. It doesn't get any better than this!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this movie twice.  It is a bad film.  I was expecting something like the movie "Beneath the Skin"  which was also bad but I have to say that the new director didn't do a very good job at the film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is a mess, with very few redeeming qualities. It starts with a young man (Rufus Sewell) who is in love with his neighbor (Mary Beth Nichols). But Mary Beth (and she is an ugly old lady) refuses to have sex with Rufus, and the film moves on to a bunch of "silly" pranks, and then to a series of misunderstandings, that culminates in a chase that results in Mary Beth's death. It's all rather predictable, and has some really bad acting.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was disappointed with this film.   As the title implies, this is a film about a man who can't seem to stop getting into fights.  It's not that he's not very strong, as he's able to kick someone so hard in the face that he flies through the air.  He then runs away, but not before kicking someone in the eye with the same foot, leaving him blind.  The film starts off pretty well, but soon devolves into the worst sort of action movie cliché.  They all have a "secret identity", which is an excuse to be able to be in a fight.  There's a man (Robert Downey Jr) who can walk through walls, a guy (Tom Cruise) who's made a living out of fighting, and a woman (Sofia Boutella) who wants to be the best.  As we know from the previous film, it's a bit of a problem to be a woman in a man's world, but this is compounded by the fact that all three characters are really, really stupid.  I don't mean that by saying that it's easy to like this film - it's not.  And while I can see why people might enjoy it, it still has plenty of flaws, and that's probably what it will be remembered for.  The worst fight scene of all time:  1)   When Robert Downey, Jr. tries to do his famous "sneeze-kick" to fight a guy in the middle of a crowd, he gets distracted by the sound of a child laughing.  While he's distracted, he kicks him in the nose with the very same foot that he kicked earlier.  This is the only thing I can think of that would be better than that sequence.  Even if he's doing it in the heat of the moment, he should have been able to tell that he was doing something wrong.  2)  A bit later, he also kicks the man in the head with his left foot.  That kick is so weak it's funny.  3)  He kicks the guy again with his right foot and kicks him again in the same spot, this time with his knee.  Then he runs away.  4)  When he gets to the end of his list of tricks, he throws the man with a kick, which is just a pile of feathers.  5)  His last trick is
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The script is so bad I can't even describe it.   It was about a girl who was a little kid who went to a summer camp and was there for a week.  The movie starts out with her talking about how she wants to be a princess and how she thinks she can become a princess.  She wants to wear a tiara and ride a horse, which is exactly what she does.  Then the guy who is her best friend comes in and tells her that her mother is ill and she has to go to the hospital, but she doesn't want to go, she doesn's't have to go.  So she says, "I don't have any friends, I'm alone."  Then she falls asleep in her room and when she wakes up it is night time.  At this point we learn that she was at a summer camps where she was taught how to ride a bicycle and how to shoot a gun.  This girl has no idea what she's doing, she has no real job or anything to fall back on, so she spends her time riding around in her bike, shooting guns and doing nothing.  I can see her mother, I can just see her, but I don't know how she can have the kind of life that she does if she can't make friends or something.  It makes no sense to me, she's just an innocent little girl with no friends.  There's a scene where she is trying to get a little boy to go outside and play with her, and this little boy is always running away from her.  And he runs away and she goes after him, and he runs off again.  That's all there is to the story, it's really boring.  Again, I don' t know what it is about this movie, but if you like this movie then I can say that you will like it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As I'm sure many have said, I love this movie and love the movie as well, but the writing was atrocious.   The whole story was really weak and really not very well done.  I found myself thinking this story was about a guy who came up from the backwater of Kentucky and got rich, bought a big mansion in Beverly Hills and did all of these great things.  He did everything he wanted to do. Then his sister came home to find out that the man she loved had left her, he went to the movies, she went to see him.  But the guy who was so wonderful at everything, was now being used and discarded.  It was a shame that the movie ended so soon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is pretty good.  I guess you could say it's a remake of a remake.  I liked the idea of it, and the director was good.    The movie had a lot of weird stuff going on, and it wasn't really good, but it's still a fun watch.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a good movie.  It's a bad and a boring movie. The story is lame and boring.    It's like watching a movie that's made by someone who hasn't seen a movie in 20 years.  It has the look of a good script, but it is not.  This is a story about a guy who gets caught stealing cars and his lawyer, who is very good.  In the end he gets away and a few weeks later the car he stole is found.  There's some good characters in this movie but none of them are the star of the movie.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The title is not quite correct, but it is very close, as a result of this film, I found it hard to look away. The story is about a couple who run an internet cafe and, in the beginning, the characters are in love.   Eventually, however, their relationship deteriorates and it is only when they find a new place to stay that the couple decides to have sex in the room they are renting.  I didn't care about the story.  I don't like sad stories or films where nothing happens for a while. This one is full of dead time, where nothing is going on and then there are sudden shocks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a great movie! It's one of the best of the '70s, with an excellent cast and terrific performances by the great stars of the day: Marlon Brando and Paul Newman.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most inept and bad looking film I have ever seen in my life. I found myself sitting there, trying to take in what the director was trying to show me. It is a very simple plot, but the director and screenwriter of this film are not that good at writing. I don't know if the film has been well received, but I wouldn't waste my time watching it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film with my wife when we were kids. It is a fun flick, but there are a couple of problems. First off, the plot is too complicated. It's like watching the plot of an action movie. We don't get to know any of the characters. We just see the action. Secondly, the ending is a little too neat and clean. I mean, it's only a couple weeks until Halloween and the ghosts are still here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie of all time.  I would have rather been in a prison cell than watch this.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The main bad movie of the year!    What can you say about a movie that is so bad, so cheap and so cheesy, that I can't even bring myself to watch it?   A group of kids find themselves trapped in an old house by a giant spider.   I thought that it was just a parody of a horror movie at first. But then I started laughing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film.  The story has no substance.    The movie is not funny, the actors don't work.  The characters are not memorable, they are just cliche.  I would not recommend this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie with no redeeming qualities.   One of the most disappointing movies I have ever seen.  It is a movie with a script that is filled with clichés and clichéd characters.  One could say that the main character is a parody of the typical character in a movie who is trying to be cool, but is completely clueless about what is going on around him.  He thinks the cool kids are the ones getting a good time and they are not.  This is the most frustrating movie I have seen in years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really like this movie. The acting is good and the plot is simple, but the way the movie is made makes it even better.   It is a pretty good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing good about this movie is the bad actors.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is boring. The only interesting thing is that the characters were all dead and in one of the dead people's hands was a knife.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not impressed at all. It was very boring and boring, but at least it was a good time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There's a whole section in this movie dedicated to the story of how the original "Gargoyles" were created. This is a very interesting and very funny tale, especially for a kids' show, but the main problem with it is that it takes itself so seriously that you feel like the writer's trying to be serious, but doesn't succeed.   It's a very well made movie that is good fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "It's an interesting premise...but if you think about it for a second, it's really a bad film.   It's so bad it makes me wonder what the purpose was in making this movie."   The movie is pretty much a waste of time.    You'd think that after seeing the first episode of the first season of Star Trek: Enterprise, that they would make a better movie.  That's just a guess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poor movie with an over-the-top and offensive plot that was poorly written and acted.  It is a film that will appeal to a small audience.  It is clear that the makers of this film were inspired by the 1970s and 70s rock and roll and music video genres.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time.  The acting is pretty terrible and the story is lame and unbelievable.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In a way, I was glad this movie didn't take place in New York. It felt more like an episode of the television show "The Twilight Zone" or a little bit of the classic "Twilight Zone" with a few "Twilights" thrown in to make it interesting.   The only "twilight" aspect in this movie is that it's set in the early 80's.  I am not sure why people like to "borrow" this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm just going to say it:  I hated this movie.  It had a really bad ending and it just made no sense.  I didn't understand how they were able to take someone who's been missing for 4 days, and make her look so much younger than she really is.   I hate this movie so much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a story about two poor boys, a young boy who doesn't know what he wants in life, a boy who's afraid of things and a boy that loves things. I don't like horror movies very much.  But this one is good.   I mean, it's not a good horror movie, but it's entertaining, well-acted and the kid doesn't make me want to hit my head against a wall.  I like this movie a lot!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a pretty terrible movie and it's a shame it's on DVD. The plot of this movie is pretty interesting: the main character is a man who was born blind and has been living as a man ever since. One day a blind man named Mr. Doolin, who has been doing a little "bizarre" experiments on blind people, comes to town to offer his services as a blind lawyer to anyone who can prove to him that a blind person can hear.   He's actually pretty clever and he has his work cut out for him. I'm pretty sure there is some sort of trick or trickery going on here, because I couldn't find any evidence of it and Mr. Borman was very convincing. The only other problem I had with this movie was the constant nudity, which made the whole thing a little bit embarrassing. I know this movie's supposed to be a spoof on Blind People, but it wasn't funny at all. I also didn't really get the whole "blind people can hear" thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not expecting a movie to be this bad. I have seen worse but this was bad.  The actors in this movie were not good either.  I felt they all had a bad attitude about the role they were playing in the movie.  It was a comedy but with bad acting.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a bad film, with a bad premise, and bad acting.   The premise is pretty lame, a scientist is trying to build a machine that can detect cancer.  He wants to do this because he is a scientist and wants to help people. He builds the machine, but it has a serious problem.  It is not a good detector, it doesn't work as advertised, it has no idea what is wrong with cancer. So, the scientist puts it in a machine, and it works, it shows a white and green line and a red line.  Then it tells the patient that there is a red, yellow, or orange line, depending on the type of cancer.         The movie starts off pretty much the same way, the doctor tells the man he is going to have a biopsy, and the doctor takes a small sample of blood.    The doctor then has the patient do some exercises, to see if he can detect a specific cancer type.  The doctor then says "if you can detect it, I'll get a new machine".   So the doctor does some tests, and is not detecting anything.  But the doctor thinks, "what if I put the machine in a different way?"  So he does a few different tests, with different machines.  And it turns out the doctor has a problem.   The problem is that the machine has a red-green detection system.  This system is not very accurate, and not very sensitive.  So the doctor puts the machine into a different mode.  The machine has now a red/green system.   This system works much better, and more accurately.  I really don't understand how this movie was made.  There is no scientific basis to it at all, it just looks good.  We are told that the movie will be called "The Great Cancer Detectors", which I find a bit odd.  At one point in the movie, we see a man get cancer. He then gets treated and cured.  What is the purpose of this movie?  The reason this movie is so bad is that it has nothing to do with cancer, it is a joke.  For the most part, the movie is just a joke, nothing else.  If this movie had any science to it, then it would have made sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie once or twice. It's just a bad film.  There's a plot about a young girl that has a magical sword and wants to protect a child who is trapped in a dark cave.   She uses a lot of magic to do it, but she also kills the boy and gets the sword.  There are other things that go wrong and the film ends.  This film made me laugh a few times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really wanted to like this movie and I think I would have. It was a movie about a guy who finds a dead woman in a dumpster, kills her and uses her body to make a necklace. This is not a very clever movie. It is so lame, it makes me wonder what the hell the director was thinking when he wrote it. The ending is lame as well. It's a good movie but I think it's worth seeing if you like horror movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting to see the final scenes of this movie and I got very disappointed. It seems that this movie is supposed to be a comedy but the only thing funny about it is how many actors they had to throw in. I was expecting a more serious and intense movie about two bad guys and the evil that they are trying to get rid of. It didn't do a good job at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The worst movie I've seen in a while. It's one of those terrible movies that were never made. It takes itself too seriously. I'd give it a B, but it doesn't get any better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have to give this a 6.   The movie is terrible and there's a lot of it.  It's a "sport" film, it's the most boring movie I've ever seen.  I wouldn't even be surprised if it was a low budget video.  There's not even a single character that has a personality.  So basically, the movie is a "sports film" that doesn't even work.  The only thing that made it interesting was that they tried to make it as real as possible and they did.  You can see the sweat on the guy's face, it makes no sense, why would he be sweating so much when it's a very hot day?  It doesn't make any sense at all.  When you think about it, it doesn't really seem like a sport, it seems more like a movie about a guy who is supposed to be a professional athlete who can't get any work and doesn't know how to take care of himself.  Why is he even in a sport?  And he is also the only person in the movie who is "faking" it. I'm not sure how he gets any work, it looks like he's always working out in the gym and is just doing sit ups.  This is a movie that makes no real sense, it just seems like it was made by a bunch of guys that don't really know how movies are made.  If you like sports films, watch a different movie, but if you like this kind of thing, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So, there's this movie and this is a trailer: I think we can all agree that the trailer is not the best way to promote a movie, it's just some random people in black suits, in some sort of hospital, talking about a strange guy who came to them, apparently not having a face, and they have no idea who he is. But we all know the movie:  The movie is about an evil doctor who has an evil plan to infect all the world with a strange virus that will kill everyone. The movie takes place in a hospital and there are lots of different characters who are all part of the same plot. The only people who seem to have any real plot are the doctors and the nurses, who are in love with each other. They are also all in the same boat, trying to help everyone else but don't have much success. This movie has a lot of laughs but there's not a lot to like about it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love this movie. It has some of the best characters you could possibly imagine, and I mean that in a good way. And yes, it has some bad parts, but the characters are the real stars of the show.   A wonderful story about a group of misfits, who are constantly thrown into chaos by the fact that they are part of a group they don't really like. They get the idea that a new group is coming to their town and they must stop them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the end, it is a movie that is very low budget, with poor effects and a dull story. The movie starts with the death of a young man, who died of a drug overdose, which is very sad and not at all worth watching. After a brief flashback, we meet the parents of the dead man, and they are not very good parents. It is the first time I saw a child die in such a way, and I was pretty disgusted. But then we are told that the father of the boy was a good man and that he died defending his family. The parents are also bad, because they want to be the first to see the girl, and then they are forced to go out for the day, which makes them look like a bunch of kids who are too stupid to get out of their car to let their daughter play in the playground. There are a couple of kids there who have a very bad time, and one of them is a girl who has a strange look about her. The next morning, a strange man comes into the house and kills all the children, except for the one girl, who he kills by hitting her on the head with a hammer. This kills her, and the mother takes her daughter out to play in a park, where she looks like a normal little girl, even though she is a young girl who had a nasty accident. Then a strange woman shows up and does her thing, and we are shown the strange way she kills the children. After all this, she goes back home and is shocked to find her daughter dead, and that is when she realizes that the girl was not her daughter, and she was the child's mother, who had an affair with the boy's father. Then we get some very strange things to happen, but there are no deaths, and it seems that the parents are just too stupid. Then the girl is found dead in the same park, and there is some weird stuff to happen to her, so it is very hard to follow. The film gets even stranger and we get to see her death in the park and her mother's attempt to take the blame, but it seems to work, and finally we see the man who killed the girl in the movie. The man is the daughter's boyfriend and she is killed because she is the mother's lover. It turns out that she killed the child and then ran away, and when she finds out that the woman is the father's lover, she tries
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the most frustrating films I have ever seen. There are several scenes where a very well-dressed woman sits in a fancy car with two men, who are then chased by a man who is wearing a wig.   One of the scenes, where the woman is driving with her hands on the wheel, and the man with a wig is chasing her, is not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an extremely disappointing movie. The story is not even good, it's boring, not much action and there is a huge number of horrible acting performances.  The acting in this movie is atrocious, from the "hero" himself, Gary Busey, to his girlfriend "The Woman" (I don't know why she's there, she looks like a piece of garbage) to the female characters.  There are some scenes that are quite funny and are a lot of fun to watch, however, the story does not really have much to offer.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a "reboot" of the movie "The Blues Brothers" and it is horrible, but not as bad as the original.  It was shot in the 60's and 60's, but it is set in the 80's.  The film is supposed to be based on the book "A Star Is Born" by Jack Kerouac, but they are not using the book in the movie.  This film does not have the charm and fun of the original, so I can only conclude that the "new" producers of the film are trying to recreate the charm of the old film, but the charm has gone to their heads.  As a film about the blues, it is very good.  If you are a fan of the blues and want to see a good blues film, look no further.  I give this film a B-.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst thing about the film is that it's just boring.  I would rather watch a TV show with the "Family Guy" crew than this!  So sad!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movies ever made!   And I've seen it three times! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So, a big time movie. It has all the good elements.   It has the characters.  You can really see the love and the pain.  A very good movie, very good characters. I recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't think I have ever seen a movie this bad. It's just horrible! I mean, I love a good horror movie, and this one is not that at all. It really doesn't make sense, the acting is terrible, and the whole thing just sounds like it was shot in a bad slasher film. This is one of those bad movies that make you sick to your stomach, I mean it's just awful.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie I have ever seen.   The plot of the movie is basically that some guy (Kendrick Lamar) is being kidnapped by a guy (John Cusack) in a car. The guy gets out of the car and kidnaps the car in order to drive it out of his neighborhood. When they get out of it the guy's brother (Jason Biggs) comes to help the guy. He goes into the house and there's some guy who is trying to kill the car with a knife and then he starts talking about how the guy is going to get shot and the guy starts talking back and forth about how he can shoot him and then the guy puts the gun on him and he pulls the trigger.  The movie then starts to fade out.  I guess the thing is, when you are watching this movie you can't get over the fact that Cusak is wearing an old fashioned baseball cap and the hat is the same hat that Cuzack wore in "The Big Lebowski".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So the only problem I have with this movie is that it is so bad it is funny.   The worst part of the movie is when they take the baby from the crib and put him in the bathtub.  The movie's pacing is very off as well.  The movie starts off with a woman who is a lawyer.  This is a woman with a heart of gold who is trying to get a job with the State.  She gets a job and goes to work.  As she is at work one day she meets a man who looks just like the man in the movie with the same hair color.  He is wearing a black suit.  There is an argument between them and it turns out the man is the killer.  When he leaves the woman looks at her watch and she notices that it's almost midnight.  After that she sees the man again.  But instead of trying to kill her she just grabs a butcher knife and stabs him in his heart.  It is obvious that she wanted to kill the man because he was the man who took away her husband and son.  Then she leaves the office and goes home.  That is when the guy who looks like the guy in the movies walks into her apartment.  Her husband is home and he tells her he saw the man, so she goes out and finds a car in the parking lot.  They drive off and they go to a restaurant.  A waiter there is playing his saxophone and he has the same kind of hair color as the guy from the movie.  Now she is ready to kill him.  So she stabs the guy again in the heart and he dies.  And the guy tells her to go to the police and they will pay.  Yeah, that's what happens.  At this point we know nothing about the person who the woman is trying get a new job with and that is what I wanted to know.  I also wanted to see what happens to the wife and her family because there are a few plot holes here and there.  Unfortunately this movie has no real ending so I don't know if the movie will be able to tell a good story.  In conclusion this movie makes me want to go kill someone because it is a really bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The best part of the film is the final fight. It's great. The way it plays out is like a really bad, but really funny, horror movie. It was an experience. I really did like the fight scene in the end. It is a shame that the final battle is so brief. It really is just a waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have always liked the first movie. I had been looking forward to it for some time and I have to say I didn't enjoy it much. The film is about a girl who lives in a small town and is forced to take care of a cat that has become infested with rats. The movie does not try to be funny but rather sad. The cat is the only friend the girl has and she hates herself for it. I think I might have to look for another movie to watch sometime.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was excited to see this movie because I was a big fan of the series, but I'm not sure if I'm in love with it.  The plot line is pretty weak, the pacing is terrible and the acting is a bit awkward.  If you like the series then it may be for you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the beginning, we get a brief intro with a very short, simple but effective shot of a few people playing cards.   The film opens with a flashback to the beginning of the film.  We see a young girl named Anissa who is just like the other kids.  She plays video games, she is happy and she has a crush on the popular boy at school, Chris.  Chris, on the other hand, has an attitude problem and hates the world.  After school, she runs into Chris and he says "I want to be a pirate!"  She agrees to help him with that, and at first it seems to be going well.  But, as the film continues, we see that the two of them have different ideas of what being a pirate should be like.  The whole film is filled with these silly, ridiculous things.  One thing that really stood out to me was the fact that the movie never once showed anything that would be considered a "normal" teenage girl being the girl who is into video games.  No dresses, no makeup, nothing.  It made the characters more like characters from a movie about a girl named Alyssa.  I would have liked to see a little more depth to the characters.  And I would like to see some more humor.  Overall, the movie was pretty funny but I can't say that it is much more than that.  There are some decent sequences at times and the movie has some good animation, but it is pretty forgettable.  What did you think of the movie?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not good at all.  It has a really cheesy and over the top script that was supposed to be a spoof on the old horror movies of the 60s.    It's just not funny.  There's some really cheap acting, there's some bad acting, and some of the dialogue is really bad.  It takes the piss out of a lot of things that are important in this world.  I don't think it's very funny. I'm surprised they got it made.  I've been to a couple of horror movies, and this one doesn't stand out as a great movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have a hard time believing this movie was produced in the 1940's, the plot is like that of a bad TV serial.  The acting is atrocious.  If you haven't seen it yet, it's a bad idea to rent this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is so bad that it's hard to even get my thoughts together, but I'm going to attempt to make sense of it by giving you the basics. The movie starts off with a woman in a lab who's been dead for decades. After a few months she comes back to life. She goes to a party with her husband, but he has a girlfriend who is a stripper. So she is going to get a job and earn money to support her new family. The stripper comes to the lab to get some chemicals. This turns out to be a mistake. The lab is filled with a bunch of evil scientists who do experiments on dead people. One of them is a mad scientist who uses dead people for research and experiments. He makes them eat dirt and he makes them work in the sun to make them even more dead. Then he uses them to make a machine that makes them die slowly and painfully. He also uses them in a huge space battle to get revenge on the humans. He ends up getting killed by a giant meteor. This movie just doesn't make any sense at all. Why does the stripper end up with a lab full of evil scientist who kill people? Why does she end up at a party where there's a bunch and a bunch? Why did the lab guys take her to the party and then give her some drugs? Why is the strippers husband a strippers friend? And how did he get to the room where the space battle is happening? What's with that scene where the striper goes to work at the machine that kills her? I just can't understand it. The plot of this movie is complete garbage. The only reason why I'm giving this a 3 is because I've heard good things about the sequels to this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a huge fan of the series when I was little and have been hooked ever since. This film was absolutely awful. I have never seen a film as horrible as this one. It was so bad that I was expecting the worst. If you are a fan of this series, then this film is not for you. If this was a movie made by a good director who could actually make a decent movie, this would have been a pretty decent film. The only good thing about this film was that it gave me hope that maybe there are some great films out there.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful! I really thought that this movie was going to be funny and the premise was funny and they had a couple funny scenes and a good cast but the acting was terrible. The lead actress was pretty bad and all the other actresses were awful! They didn't seem to care that they were terrible at acting! There were a lot of other bad actors in the movie and the whole movie was just a bad joke!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry to say that this is not one of those "bad movie" you read about on IMDB and YouTube. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I was not impressed at all. I'm not sure if the actor did the best he could with the material he was given, but I don't think he could have made a better movie. The movie has a very dull feel to it. I really didn't get the appeal of it. If you're in the mood for a bad horror movie, then give this a try. It is not a good film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The biggest problem with the movie is that it is so fucking lame. The story is nothing but a bunch of dumb teenagers running around the woods, looking for a ghost. Then they find a fucking ghost. Oh, and that ghost's name is Ghost. I think that is all that we need to know about the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half is about a couple of college-age students who go to a wedding. One of the guests is a very nice guy who is married.  The movie is so bad I can't tell if I am laughing at the stupid jokes or at the stupidity of the movie's audience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't care about this movie and don't know why anyone would like it. It is not funny and the script is awful. The plot is stupid, it's a bad way to be made, and the actors are terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a film that has been around for decades but has never really caught my attention. There's no reason to watch this film, and why should it? The acting is so-so. The story is just an excuse to use the actors in an absurd manner.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the worst film I have ever seen.   I have never seen a movie so bad I felt like I was watching a bad daytime talk show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you want to watch a movie about a guy who tries to win a girl back by throwing himself into an alley to save a young girl from being raped, well, this movie is about that guy.   The movie is very short, but it is well acted and directed.  It is about a man who is trying to win back a girl that he had abandoned after she dumped him.  The plot is weak and the acting is pretty bad.  At the end of the movie the girl ends up in the hospital because she was raped.  I gave it a 2 because it was short and the movie had an ending that made me smile, even though I didn't like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie a few times and it's always the same, the film makers take a movie like this and make it into a bad action flick.  The acting is really bad, there's one bad actor in the whole movie and his character is just a horrible character.    I'm not sure why they made this movie, it's really not a very good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not really sure what to say about this movie, since it's so terrible. The plot is awful, and the characterizations are poor. The movie's pacing is horrible and the acting is bad, and there's even a few scenes that I found absolutely unbelievable. But I'll leave it at that. It's a bad, bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I like a bad bad movie!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie does not hold up.  There is nothing good about this movie.    The movie is set in an abandoned building, which is now the site of an abandoned amusement park.  There is a park that is not abandoned.  The park has been abandoned for years.  This is an example of a film that could be made by an 18-year-old, if they could get it up and running.  It is a little like The Last Unicorn, only with a few more bells and whistles and no unicorns. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen a movie so bad that I couldn't watch it with a straight face, or with an air of amusement. I was at a friend's birthday party and the movie was playing. I turned on the TV and was horrified. It was so bad I had to take it off the air.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big fan of the Alien series and Alien 3 was my first exposure to the franchise. This film doesn't do a good job of building the atmosphere for the film to come. The opening scene of a couple in bed together is played for laughs and the camera does a poor job of establishing a scary atmosphere.  It's not all bad though, with some very creepy scenes.  "I want to believe." The film doesn"t do a bad job of setting up the atmosphere. A scientist is seen at work in a lab and his assistant is seen walking around the lab. It's then revealed that he has been watching a recording of a child screaming. The camera pans to the side revealing the scientist is in a very creepy looking chair with a little girl next to him. The scene ends with the scientist laughing and the little girl crying.   The film does have some creepy scenes, but they're not all of the same quality as the others.  I guess what I"m getting at is that I"d really like to see the film as it was originally intended, before it was retooled by James Cameron.  A better script would have allowed for a much better film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad, bad, BAD. It is also a pretty good excuse to kill time while waiting for the sequel to come out.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well this is the second time that I have seen this film and I'm not even sure if I'll be going to see it again. I'm going to give it one star because it is an enjoyable and entertaining movie but at times I think that the movie got lost in the shuffle.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am in complete agreement with the reviewer below who said: " This is an ugly, stupid movie, one that could have been made by someone who knows nothing about the medium. The film is basically the story of a guy named Jeff who has a girlfriend who's a stripper. It's about a striper and her date and how Jeff is getting her drunk and then making out with her, when it all goes terribly wrong. The stripper's name is Janice and she's a bit of a slut. There's also a bad guy who does some awful things. I guess it's about the guy who's in the wrong, but it doesn't work very well. The scene where Jeff tries to get a strippers head and she has a little bit of an orgasm is one of the worst in movies I've ever seen. It made me want to throw up in my mouth and I think the rest of the movie is about the same.   "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're looking for a bad ass action movie, this ain't it. It's just a bunch of guys in helmets getting punched in the face.   That's about all there is to it. I wish the director would have gone into a bit more detail about what's happening. I'm pretty sure he's going to be punching a lot of faces for a while.   of course I could be mistaken, but I'm fairly sure the "dude" is not a woman. The guy is definitely a guy and his wife is a woman in a bikini, but not a lady in a swimsuit. I would love to see what kind of man he's been banging. I also like that he's not just going to get punched in his face a few times and move on. I don't think he'll ever stop punching people in the faces.  .
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is pretty bad, but you know, this is a low budget film. I would say this is made by a low level director who made this film for less than $5000.   The story is basically about a man who loses his money, gets into some trouble and ends up getting shot.   (Not that this is the first time a guy gets shot. I have seen a lot of bad movies, but this is one of the worst. I mean, this guy is an idiot and gets shot? I can't think of anything worse than that.)   Then the next scene is the man being transported to the hospital. (Again, not that this movie is the worst, but it is probably the least good of all. It is like the "Horseman of Death" from "The Black Scorpion". It is all over the place. There are a lot more stupid jokes than funny ones, and the ending is a little too cheesy.)   is a terrible movie, and is really, really bad. There is no story. No characters. Nothing. I hate this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like this movie but I like it because it has a good plot.  And it does have a good ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second movie by director  Paul Verhoeven, and it is a disaster. The movie is about a couple of men who are hired by a drug company to make drugs that will increase sales. In this movie, a drug that makes you feel like a cartoon character is called "Aqua Teen Hunger Force", and the main characters are the evil teens from a show called "The Water Boy". This movie does not contain the original "Teenager" (the first one was the same), which is a very good movie, and the movie does contain the main "Teenage" (which is not the same as the first "Teenagers"). I am not even going to talk about the story. It is really bad. The story of the movie is not interesting, but it does contain some interesting characters. I really cannot stand the movie. It contains horrible acting, terrible acting, and horrible acting. The only thing that is interesting is the drug, but that is only because of the cartoon characters and the dialogue that is included in this movie. I hate this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad flick and it shows in the fact that no one will want to watch it. I think this was made to get the biggest reaction possible and as far as I am concerned it has done that. A terrible film that has nothing going for it but some people who think it's a good idea to take an old movie and change it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was a very bad movie. It was made by a man who loves to be funny. It's like he has been sitting in a chair and doing nothing but laughing for over 20 years.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't find this one to be bad.  The actors are good and I can understand why the director thought they were the right people to play them.  I think the actors were in on the joke, they're not actors, they are comedians.    But, if the humor is on point, it works.  The acting was pretty bad.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit, the ending was a bit strange. This movie has a lot of problems but, at the end, the movie was more like a bad joke.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a poor movie. It doesn't hold a candle to the excellent film, so why are you watching this garbage? The story is laughable, it's a tale of a guy who is in the wrong place at the wrong time. He has the misfortune to stumble into a very high-tech crime scene while searching for his missing wife. I mean really, this movie is just a disaster from beginning to end. The acting is not that bad, but they are clearly not trying. And the bad acting is compounded by the atrocious special effects.   A movie so bad, that it's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film, a very bad film.  I think that this is a very sad story, the fact that this movie was made in such a manner is not only depressing, but it is also really sad.  The film opens with a couple getting married, and that's all there is to it.    The couple have been married for many years, and they have been trying to have a child for some time.  When the couple starts to have some children of their own, they have a good time and they look happy, and then one day the woman is brought down with a very painful illness.  It seems like she is about to die, and when the couple finds out that she is pregnant, the woman's husband says that he will be the best man for the baby, but when they try to have the baby they find that it is a boy and that they have no right to have it.     The husband is really sad about it, but he still wants the baby and he goes to the hospital to have an abortion.  He is really upset about it and says that it was a waste of money and it was just a waste.  After all he is the best father ever, and he had a great family, and now he will never have a chance to have children.  Then it turns out that the hospital has a secret and they don't want the couple to find out about it. Then there is a man who is really good at making babies.  That man has a great scheme to make the couple have a baby.  So when the doctor tells the couple that it will be a boy, the man asks them to go with him to the basement and there he makes the woman give birth.  This was a very depressing movie and it wasn't funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is not worth a dime.   It is an old style film and does not use its own characters to its best advantage.  This movie will not make you laugh or smile.  It's too much of a waste of a lot of time.  If you are a fan of the old west, don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you want to see a movie about the dangers of the dark side of the moon, you should be sure to see this. It's a story about a young man (played by Michael McKean) who is trying to save his family from a sinister plot by the evil alien race known as the "Witches" (played here by an incredible Billie Whitelaw). They plan to take over the earth by having an all female alien race that are more beautiful than men destroy our beautiful planet.   I didn't mind the movie a bit. It was really pretty, and it had a good story line.  But the acting wasn't the best. Billie is really annoying, and the aliens are really ugly, which makes it hard to understand what's going on.  Overall, a fun movie, but it isn't one you're going to want to watch too often.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have not seen a bad Hollywood movie since the days of "Shining Time Station" and that is saying a lot.   "Babylon 5"   This movie is an abomination and a disgrace to the genre of science fiction and fantasy.  It is about the most ludicrously retarded story that you can imagine.  First of all, the movie opens with a space station that has been orbiting the earth for thousands of years.  When the first man came down to the earth, he discovered that the planet had a huge amount of water.  The water was a very valuable resource.  So the man decided to plant a few trees and use the water for farming.  A few years later, a meteor came crashing down from space and the water was all gone.  Now the earth is in terrible drought.  This is all the excuse that the people on the planet need to get rid of each other.  Some people go to war to get water and the other people go off to the jungle to find water. This is a long movie, so I am going to try to break it up into segments.  Part 1: The Planet of the Apes The movie opens in the ape world with a group of apes and a human.  I am sorry, but I just could not care less about this movie.  While it may look like an ape movie, it is really more of a story about a bunch of apes who go to fight an evil ape that has a human brain.  There are a few things about this film that are really kind of interesting.  One is the apes are called "giraffes".  The apes are actually called "cows" in the movie. This seems like a pretty obvious choice.  But it is also kind of funny.  Another interesting thing is that in this world the ape race is called "the Apes". I guess that just sounds like a more amusing name for the ape races.  In the story there are apes who are just as smart as humans.  Like humans, they have a natural sense of humor.  They have a leader and his name is Gomorrah.  Gomorbrah, a gorilla, is an evil and evil gorilla.  He wants to rule the apes.  And then Gomorcah comes to Earth to get the water. It is up to the apes to save the day.  These apes are really stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a bad film, it's a bad sequel and I hope the original is being preserved in the vault somewhere so that people will know the truth about this one.  I hope it's never made available to the general public, it doesn't need it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first time I watched this movie, I was expecting something with a different tone. But the story was really weak and nothing new to see.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've seen this movie many times over the years. It has always been a low-budgeted movie, and I think that the people who made it knew it. I remember seeing it at a local theatre. I always had trouble with this film. I mean, it has a certain charm about it. There is something charming about a movie where the main character is a clown. I think this is why people like clowns. But there are a few problems. First of all, this film is a complete disappointment. The director, George Segal, did a fine job on the makeup and the costume work, but there are some bad actors in the cast. The movie never really gets going. It's just boring and repetitive. I guess that Segal thought that he could get away with the low budget. But he was sadly mistaken. I would have rather seen a bigger budgeted movie. And I would rather see a movie that really takes place in the early 20th century than this one. I'm not sure why they tried to make a "movie" out of this. It is pretty much just a bunch of people talking. The only person who actually gets a good laugh out of it is the clown, because he talks funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's like the movie is based on a story of a woman who lost her husband in a plane crash. She's been a widow for 5 years, now. Her husband was a pilot, and in the airplane. She didn't have time to grieve, she needed to get to work, so she goes to the hospital to find him.   This movie is just a disaster. It's a horrible movie and the acting is terrible.  The ending is also horrible, and it's just too bad that this was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    -    This is one of those "movie-theatre" type shows, with a "story" about a movie theater that is destroyed by an explosion and the ghosts of the people who used to run it. But, the show itself is not much good.   I don't have much to say about this.  I was disappointed in it, at least it had some good moments, but not many. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A horrible film. I don't know why anyone would ever want to see this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think that this is a movie that does a lot of wrong things in a bad way. It's a very generic science fiction movie, which is a problem. If I have to say anything about the movie, it's that it's pretty bad. There are some good parts of the movie though. The first half is a little slower than I would like, but it does get better towards the end. The ending is also pretty bad and is a bit disappointing. Overall, I don't think that I'll be seeing this movie again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The bad guys are bad.    The bad guys don't seem to care if the bad guys win or lose.  There are no good guys.  The movie has some nice special effects, but not really that much.  It is a bit slow.  I don't know if it is the bad actors who are bad or the bad movie that is bad. The ending is a little lame.  This movie is bad enough that it might be enjoyable to watch, but I don�t recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is too predictable and cliche, the story is too simplistic and predictable, the characters are too one-dimensional and stereotypical, the special effects are atrocious, and the sound is too amateurish.  That said, I think this is a film that can't be ignored by anyone who enjoys bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have seen this movie a couple of times over the years, and each time I have found it to be one of those "fun" movies that you "wish" you had more of. I know it is supposed to be a comedy but really it is more of a slapstick comedy, the actors were so bad and it was so poorly written that you could not believe it was being made. I really do not recommend this movie, just a bad one.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been to this theater more than once in my life. My first time I had a bad feeling about the movie before it began and then a second time I was thinking of my family when they were all going to watch the movie. It was horrible! I did not like it! It was so bad it was so funny. The characters were all awful! I didn't like them! I think they should all be shot! I also found the story about the dog so stupid. The dog ate a little girl. He didn't eat a girl? That's a dog! He ate a girl! It's a stupid story! If you don't like it, don't watch it!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's not just the terrible acting that ruins this film. It's also the way the film is shot.   This is an example of the "shoot in the dark" style. There is a lot of dialogue, and there is little dialogue. The scenes are either shots of a train going up the hill or scenes from inside the train, with the actors standing around the edge of the tracks, with no sound except the wind, and no other people around. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I have seen in a long time.   This movie is awful and I wish it never existed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is terrible, the acting is awful, the special effects are poor and so on.  I don't know why anyone would go to see this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot is simple enough: a group of kids go to a cabin to play a game. They come upon a very old man (Brett Easton Ellis) who has died. They ask him how he came to be in that place, and he tells them he came by ship to the mainland. They go back to the ship to look for his brother, but all they find is a skeleton. The cabin is now empty. They begin to realize that the only person left alive is a woman who has been missing for a very long time. As the story goes on, more and more mysteries come to light, and the family realizes that it is going to be a long time before anyone can be found.   I won't give too much away, but I will say that the story has a definite slant to it. I can't say I was surprised by the ending, but the ending was definitely a surprise.  - Story: The story is about the family being stuck on a deserted island with a mysterious stranger. I was really shocked at how much I enjoyed it. It was a good read and I enjoyed the characters.   the mystery was well-done and there was some great scenes. It felt like a really interesting and strange story, and I loved it!   - Characters: The characters were pretty well-drawn and developed. I thought they were well-written and I liked them all. I liked the fact that all of the characters were just different enough to keep it interesting.     One thing I found interesting was the fact they never found the family's boat. The only clues that were given about it were from the dead man's cabin. I think the mystery part of the story could have been better if it had been told from the family members' point of view. I like that the mystery is in the cabin and not on the island. I also like the fact the dead guy came to the island by ship. It would have been nice to know more about the island and the history of it, and how it came to being empty. I would have liked to have been able to visit it.   and lastly, I didn't like the ending. It kind of sucked. I don't think it was really done well, and it kind of ruined the story. It took away from the ending and I thought it was lame. I am glad I read it though, because it was good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. It's also the most obvious, obvious, bad movie ever made.  I mean, the first person in the movie, the main character, is the only person in town who is able to speak English.   He can speak it with a heavy lisp, and he can't really get it wrong.  I have never understood how this film has any staying power at all.  The only thing I liked about it was the ending, but the rest of it was really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie ever made!  Why would the producers want to make a movie about a group of retarded losers who want to be rock stars but they don't know how to sing or play guitar?  This movie has no redeeming value!    I will never buy a ticket to see this movie again! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't like this one at all.  The first 20 minutes or so were just a really boring, repetitive and boring scene that had nothing to do with the rest of the movie and there were several other scenes that were just as bad as the last.  The ending was even worse than the beginning!  There was also a really cheesy, cheesy ending, and it was supposed to be a funny ending, but it was so cheesy, and the ending was such a cheap, cheesy joke that it made me laugh so hard that my stomach hurt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I know that this movie has received a lot of positive reviews and the movie looks good enough to watch. But it is just so boring. I really wanted to laugh at how the main character gets in so much trouble, and how she ends up having to do a lot to fix the situation. But at the same time, it is also kind of funny at times.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're looking for a good, clean horror film with a few good kills, then this is for you. It has a good amount of scares and a good storyline. I wouldn't say it's a classic. The special effects are mediocre at best, and the music is just bad. It's like a bad James Bond movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have a bad feeling about this movie. The characters are all the same: a girl who's been married to a bad guy who's a bad actor and a boy who wants to be a star. The girls in this movie are all either good looking or beautiful, and the men are all ugly. I don't see any redeeming qualities in these people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a well known fact that The Exorcist is one of the scariest movies ever made. It was supposed to scare the pants off the moviegoers, but it was not even remotely scary. This movie is like a bad video game, where every monster you kill just has to die in a more horrible way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  this was a bad comedy.  It was really hard to watch.    It was just an action movie that had a bad story to follow. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't expect a movie like this.  It is a horror/comedy/sci-fi/romance that is very hard to follow and at times very confusing.    I thought the main character was very strong, and was very smart, but he does not know how to use the weapon.  He is not as tough as he looks and he makes the mistake of trusting a group of people who are not trustworthy.  I didn't like the ending and I thought it was not as funny as it was supposed to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Bobby and I had a wonderful time together."  This is a film about two kids who go to a carnival.  They play games, ride rides, and eat food.    I'm sure everyone who sees this film will be screaming,   but that's just me.  I've had this movie on a loop for the last 2 years and I just couldn't get through it.  There were many things that bothered me:   the dialogue;   The acting;  - the music was awful;  - the characters were the worst   It's like a bad animated film.  The character of Bobby was the worst of them all,  and I don't like to have bad characters in my movies.  My rating is a C.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The best thing about the movie is how little we actually learn about the story.   And then there's the fact that the movie itself is a little short on action. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've been waiting to see this film since I saw the trailer.    And what a shame!   It seems like a movie made to show what kind of movies the actors are playing.  They all seem like they have nothing going for them.  There is not a single character that I like in this movie.  Some may think I'm just saying this to give the movie a bad rating.  The only reason I gave it a negative rating is because I wanted more.  It's a shame that this is the only movie that is going to be produced. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a terrible movie. It's a shame, as it was one of the better animated films out there, but that's just a little too bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As a big fan of the 80's, I was excited to see this movie. I was worried that it was just another cheesy 80's comedy. But no, it's worse. I hate to say it, but there is no comedy. I think that is why the movie is bad. It's just boring, there is not a single funny line, it is just plain boring. It really reminded me of " The Goonies ".   The acting is awful. There is one scene where it seems like one of the boys is talking to a female, but no. It was a stunt actor! And the acting is really bad. The only funny thing is the music. It is like the soundtrack for a movie where you see the actors walk up and down a room doing funny little things and then there's a cut to the boys walking through the door.   This movie is just so bad that I really don't know where to begin. I mean, I just can't believe they actually released a movie called "A Boy's Life".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was not good at all. It is a very slow paced movie that makes the viewer feel sorry for the kids, especially when they get into the water. The movie is filled with stupid dialogue, and the music in the movie is horrible. I could not get into this movie and I would not recommend this movie to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film follows a group of criminals as they rob a bank, only to find that their plan goes awry.  Their plan was to rob a big bank, so they didn't have to hide their identities, but the bank was actually empty.  They rob the bank and then a man with a gun comes out of the bank.    The only thing this bank has is a bank manager, and he is a bit unhinged.  The bank manager is actually a robot who has no memory of who he is.  He does have one memory however:  he remembers being an astronaut.  This is really the only thing we see of him for the rest of the movie, so it doesn't matter what he remembers, it doesn;t matter to him.  But he does remember a very important fact.  "It was you who taught me to become a criminal."   He also remembers that there are three people that were on the space station.    That means the first one is an android who was sent to Earth by his creator to help him.   The second one is a human.   He is the only one of the three who does not have any memory of his previous life.  And the third one is dead.  It is obvious that they are not in fact dead, since their robotic bodies can still move. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't think I'd have to make such a comment about a movie, but there it is, the most poorly written film I've ever seen. I'd like to think the director has gone on to become a good director, but I'm just going to say this movie is not worth your time. I was disappointed in the lack of creativity and story telling that I expected in a movie of this kind. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was really looking forward to this movie.   The premise is cool, and there is enough of a mystery to keep me guessing.  A girl gets a tattoo of a skull on her ankle.  It looks kind of cool, but when she goes out to a bar, the guys at the bar give her a bad attitude, and she runs out of the bar.  This is where the movie really gets boring.  The movie is very short, and I thought the ending was kind of anticlimactic.  I like the concept of the tattoo, but it just seems like a really silly idea.  One more thing I want to say is, the movie was made in the 80's, so it is very reminiscent of old school films.  Overall, I would not recommend this movie, but if you are into 80's-style horror, I really liked this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm not sure why the studio would bother with this film at all. I have no idea why they bother with a film like this. This is an insult to all people who enjoy anything good, and for those who don't, they should have their heads examined. This film has some of the worst acting I have ever seen. It seems like they tried to make a comedy out of a film with no comedy. It's really too bad that the film has to be this bad to make any money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "A bad movie, with a terrible ending, is still a bad film."  The last 30 minutes of the film are just awful, the final shot is a nightmare, there is absolutely no fight, and the last 5 minutes are just a complete waste of time.  For a movie about the end of an empire, there was a surprising lack of action. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a poorly made, poorly directed, poorly acted and poorly written movie.  I am sure that many people who saw this movie are not happy with the way the movie was made and directed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an odd story of a girl who's taken hostage by a group of thugs who she's been chasing for a while. It's a weird movie and I really didn't get a good sense of the setting until about halfway through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie about a kid who wants to be a professional wrestler and he ends up wrestling a girl. I am sure that she likes him because he is a pretty boy and not much taller than her.   The scene where the kid is kissing the girl is really bad. I can't believe that she let this boy kiss her. This is a movie that is not worth watching.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was at a friend's house for a party, and after about an hour or so of talking about things that interest her (music, travel, the New York City subway), it came time for dinner. She brought her boyfriend (a handsome young guy) and we all sat down to eat, and I went to the bathroom to take a shit and the door to my apartment started opening, and a man in a suit and tie came in, looking like a nice guy but I knew something was wrong, he just looked at me for a few seconds and then he left. I opened my door and there was the same man in the suit and suit coat, except it was a little bit too big, he wore a suit, and when I looked into the mirror I noticed that he was balding, which was weird because my hair was pretty much the same color as mine, and his beard was a lot shorter than mine, but I'm not sure why. When he left I started wondering if he was the landlord of the building or a neighbor, but when I called him I couldn't get his name, and then I realized that my friend's apartment was across the hall, and the only thing that was going to happen was that he would walk across the street to my friend and then walk back again. That is when I finally called the police and the guy was arrested, and while I was waiting to get my stuff back, I saw my friend on the couch looking at me, and she was dressed in a cute dress, and was wearing a low-cut top. So, I decided to get some of her dress and put it on, and that's when it dawned on me that I had a lot of feelings about this guy, but then I remembered the other day that he had been kind of creepy to me, so I decided that I should talk to my boyfriend about it, and it turned out that the man in that suit and coat was her boyfriend. He said that she had come to his apartment, and asked him to let her have his place for the weekend, and he said that he couldn't, because he was going on vacation to California, and told her to leave. After she left he went back to the apartment and took the television off the hook, then he came back and put the television back on, then asked her to put her clothes on, but she said that that wasn't really her style, and so he left the room and came
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was boring.  The plot is so contrived that you can't even tell who's who.    The ending is stupid and pointless. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst film ever made, except that it's not bad at all.  It's a mess, a train wreck, a joke, and a joke only because it's a comedy and the movie makes no attempt to be funny, and no attempt at being interesting either.   The main character is a man who thinks he's so funny that he thinks he can get away with a movie so awful it is almost hilarious.  It's a story of a bunch of losers who get involved with a strange woman named Linda.  Linda is a girl who likes to read books, and she is so smart she is considered an academic.  But Linda isn't just smart, she is also funny, she's the kind of girl that would make a funny film if it was made by a group of comedy guys like Jerry Lewis and Jack Benny.  The guys at the movie theater in which Linda watches the movie get in trouble for making fun of the movie, which they do, and Linda starts to see them as a bunch that can't take a joke.  And Linda sees right through their pretense, they are all like this "joke" movie.  This is where the movie begins, and there are so many things wrong with it it's hard to know where to begin.  I mean, it's one thing to have a bunch who don't think they are funny, it is quite another to make a movie like this.  Not only is the movie an absolute mess, but it also has an insane amount of scenes that are so silly that they are really hard to take seriously.  Here is one of the worst movies ever made.  There are a few scenes that I really like, such as when the guy who plays the "bitchy" waitress takes off his pants and says "I'm a fucking man!"  But the rest is just awful.  To give you an idea of the amount of nonsense in this movie, I will give you just a few of the things that happen:  The movie starts off with a man named "Mr. B" who is sitting in a theater and watching a movie, and he says, "I know this movie is a disaster!  This movie is so fucking stupid,  I've seen worse!  And I can't wait for the end!"  And then he laughs at another guy for thinking that he can do something stupid and stupid like that, and then he says that he will take
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was excited about this movie. I like the idea of the "Sister Wives" franchise.  My only problem was that this movie wasn't that good.    The story was okay.  It had a good script.  I liked how they changed up the roles.  The only thing that was really bad was the acting.  Every character had the same voice actor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had a great cast of characters and I was hooked from the beginning.  If you like your horror/thriller with a twist, this is the film for you.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The most recent installment of the franchise is another disappointment. I have not been able to watch a movie in quite a while. The cast is all good. However, I don't think that this movie is good at all. It is not a bad picture, but it is not very good. I can't give it a negative rating, because it isn't. It has a good cast, but no story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What could have been a very funny movie with lots of laugh out loud moments gets off to a very bad start.  It starts with a woman who is being attacked by a dog and the dog is trying to bite her.   The woman then kicks the dog and says "Why didn't you bite me first".    The woman says "I'm too strong" and the dogs owner replies "Well you're not strong enough".  The owner then goes on to say "I just let him out in the back yard, the last thing I wanted to do was to get hit by a wild dog".  What happens next is the dog bites the woman twice.  The dogs owner then says "You better stay off the roads or I'll come after you".  This scene has the worst dialogue in the movie.  One of the most bizarre and silly moments of the movie is the dogs owners mom who tells her son "Don't you know how to pick a fight?"  This is not a movie for kids, I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves dogs and hates bad movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this last night and I must say I was quite disappointed.  The acting, the plot, the visuals, the sound are all terrible.    The movie is a story about a boy who was kidnapped and forced to join a circus in order to be a clown.  This leads him to be kidnapped by a girl, a witch, who wants to be his wife.  And then there is a horrible ending that makes me want to throw up.  I would give this movie only one star, but I can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a girl falling off a horse. The girl lands on the side of a cliff. The horse is coming in too fast and she's falling faster. Her body is on fire.  This is the second time she has fallen off a cliff and has to jump from a bridge to land safely on the other side.   The first time she jumped from the bridge she landed safely and it was exciting.  This movie makes no sense and is just boring.  It doesn't have the charm of the first movie and is even worse.  The plot is weak and doesn't make sense.  I would have liked to see a movie where the girl has to ride a horse to a cliff to jump off, and then ride a motorcycle to the other cliff.  They could have made a better movie if the horse had more personality and the motorcycle more speed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The worst movie I've ever seen in my life.   I'm still in shock over the whole thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm a little bit disappointed that the ending didn't have more of a "oh no we're in trouble!" feeling to it. I mean the whole thing was a huge misdirection by the director and the cinematography was bad. But then again it's a movie about a guy who's trying to run away from the police after stealing a car. So I guess I should just give the movie a pass. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an atrocious movie. There is so much wrong with this movie that it's hard to know where to begin. The acting is very bad. There are some funny moments (the most important being the "Merry Christmas" scene). The story is very thin. The script is awful. The "plot" is not much more than a cheap excuse to show some old footage of people dressed in costumes, drinking beer and being silly.   Merry christmas!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The ending was so stupid, I felt bad for the actors, the film made a terrible mess out of everything, the best thing about it is that there are no spoilers in the movie, but the film has bad acting and bad writing.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is awful, it is a cheap knock off of a real old movie "Sputnik" starring George Burns. The movie is about a Soviet space probe that crash lands on Earth, they find a baby inside and take him to a hospital. The baby grows up to be a super scientist who is an evil dictator.   The movie has a bad start with the characters not speaking properly, the bad acting by the cast, and the bad ending that is all too predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a very bad movie. I don't know how they got a "cute" title like this on a movie. It is just a bad piece of crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only good thing about this film is the fact that the actors are pretty good, but if this is a parody of a movie, it isn't very good.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I never thought I'd be a movie critic, but I'm not one anymore. I've been a film critic for the past 12 years, and have done so in two different ways: through the written word and through a weekly column that has been in the paper since 1981.   As I write this, I am at a little house in the woods.  It is a nice little house, though there is not a single window in the front of it.  The house itself is in a poor state, but the house next door has been turned into a hotel.  There are no bathrooms, and I guess the owners just forgot to do anything with the house.  I guess there is no point in trying to fix it. It's an eyesore, but it's not bad.  If I were a wealthy movie producer, I might fix it up and turn it into a movie studio.  What I am trying to say is that it is a shame that Hollywood has failed to make a movie like this.  My first film, The Little Engine That Could, was also made on a shoestring.  And yet I think this one is better.  Now, why?  Well, for one thing, it has a good cast.  Also, it is not the same old, same old.  No, it's a movie that I hope never gets made again.  In fact, I'd like to see the guy who made this one, John G. Avildsen, take his own life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The biggest problem is that the characters are so stupid and boring. They are so dumb that they will say anything just to keep up with the story, including lying. Even when they say something false it is so obvious that they are lying and this is just a bad way to have a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was watching this one on TV while waiting for my mom to get home from a meeting. I was thinking to myself, "I don't think that this is a very good movie, but then again, I've seen worse."   The plot:  Well, first of all, the film starts with a woman named Kathy (Gloria Stuart) getting into a fight with her husband, Mike (Jeffrey Hunter). The wife leaves, Mike leaves, and the movie follows the events from the perspective of the husband.   It seems that Kathy has been having a bad week. She is upset about Mike's infidelity and angry at the wife for leaving him.  The movie takes a while to get going, but by the time it does, it is getting very confusing.  I found the story to be confusing. It's difficult to follow Kathy's thoughts, because they are so scattered and contradictory. The husband has no idea what is going on and the wife seems to be doing some things, but not the right things. It was hard to follow what Kathy was doing.  After a while, the wife has left her husband to go back home.  Then Kathy returns and it seems that she has not only changed, but also the husband is no longer the husband that she knows.  In a later scene, Kathy and the husband are having a very passionate argument.  Again, we don't know what Kathy is doing, but we do know that the husband's mind is going crazy.  It was difficult to watch this movie because I just could not figure out what Kathy's motivations were. It seemed like the wife had gone back to her old ways and Kathy had gone along with it.  Another problem is that Kathy is constantly at the edge of the bed.  But, again, there was no reason for her to be in the bed except to get her husband off of it. She's not the type of person that goes out to bars and does drugs.  The wife and the man I would like to give it two stars because it was entertaining, but it was not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did not see this one at all. I saw the trailer and the poster, and I just didn't think I'd like it. It's a film that's pretty good, but not very memorable, in the sense that the movie's main idea was really cool, and it's action scenes were quite exciting. I'd love to see it again one day, but I'm not going to say that it's a bad film, because it's not bad. It might just not be for me.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is one thing that you do not need in a bad film:   good dialogue!   The first half of the movie is a fairly unremarkable affair that does not even attempt to make any real impact on the viewer.   But after the opening title sequence, the movie begins to really kick into gear.  The movie starts out with a scene in which a police officer (the same one who is also the protagonist in the movie) is discussing the merits of a new method of solving crimes.  He explains that, in a case of "double homicide," two victims are found dead in the same place, and each victim's clothes are identical.  To prove that the crimes were committed by the same person, both victims were found in the exact same position.  Once this information is brought out, the viewer will realize that it is actually impossible for two identical persons to be murdered in the precise same place.  It is not clear whether the police officer is suggesting that it's not possible, or that it just is not possible.  Either way, the idea that the murders could have been committed by two persons is intriguing enough to keep the audience hooked.  After a few more minutes of police chit chat, we find that the case is actually being handled by the police who are actually called to the scene by the local sheriff.  We are shown a photograph of the crime scene, where the bodies were found.  On the back of the photo we find the name "C.B. McManus."  It's an interesting name to say the least, and we find out that the name was actually taken from a man who was a murder suspect.  C.B McManuss is a young man who has been charged with the murder of his grandfather.  This is not the first time that C. B. has been involved in a murder case, and it's interesting to note that his father was the one who was actually the real murderer.  When C. T. McMenus was arrested for the murder, it was revealed that he had also been charged for the death of his cousin.  And it's apparent that C-B and his father are a rather interesting pair.  Both are good students, and both have been accused of the same crime.  They both were charged with "homicide by assault," and both were found guilty.  While this would seem to indicate that they were two totally different people
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The title says it all.   A story of a group of men who spend their time stealing a rare animal.  This movie is more than just a bad story.  It is an insult to all the men that work in the fields.  The acting is bad and the plot is weak.  If you are looking for a movie about a group that steal rare animals from the jungle then this is the movie for you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are a couple of things wrong with this film.   It's pretty clear that the film-makers are not experienced in making a horror film. They go from the standard to the bizarre pretty quickly, which is a shame, because they are not a bad horror film at all.  What is also a shame is that the director (the name is Gary A. Stoller) is a bit of a clown.  It all comes down to one thing:  If you have a horror movie in which the characters get their heads bashed in, that means that the characters have a really bad sense of humour.  The actors are also all terrible.  I mean, the lead is an idiot.  This is the kind of movie that you watch if you like your horror a bit more sophisticated than it really is.  In conclusion, it's a shame that the movie has nothing to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the hell.  I can't tell you how many times this movie has been on my radar.    Well, now I am so very tired of it.  My only regret about watching this film was that it was not longer.  It is a very good movie, but in a bad way.  I found the film very hard to watch.  The acting is awful and the writing is just a joke.      This film is the worst thing I have seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very good movie, but the story of "Karen" is not original and the ending is too contrived. It is not funny at all and I don't care about this movie any more. I am glad that there is an ending, but not a good one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's about a guy named Bill who's been living in his basement for years, and when he comes down to visit his friend Jerry (played by the incomparable Tom Hanks) and his daughter (Drew Barrymore) he is shocked to discover that Jerry is a sex addict. He's living in a trailer behind the woodshed, has an addiction to pornography and drugs, and is trying to get his sex life back on track with the help of his "soul mate" the beautiful woman (Cher) who works at the trailer. He also has a dog named Bubba who likes to ride around on the back of his bike.   The trailer is a real dump, and Bill and Jerry soon find themselves in a struggle for the soul of the trailer park. It's a movie that is a little on the depressing side, but also a movie you can enjoy even if you're feeling a bit down.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is not very good, I have a hard time finding something good about it, the story is not interesting at all, the characters are all lame and uninteresting, the whole movie is so bad that you might want to give up watching it and get a good laugh from something better, the music is terrible too, and the acting is terrible, and I don't think it was funny to begin with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie about a kid who finds a strange girl who has an interesting hobby. She dresses in a pink dress with a white blouse, and her hair is always down in the back. She plays a girl on a soap opera and wears a white dress. She is so weird and the guy is so nice and she is always giggling.   The plot is interesting but not too complex. It has a good ending and is a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It is not even a good horror film. The story is so ridiculous and the actors are all awful. It's not a good film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a great movie, a bit slow at the beginning, but once it started to move, it was an awesome movie. This movie is very well-acted and has some great acting performances. The cinematography is good and it has a great soundtrack that really adds to the movie. It is an excellent movie with good acting and a good plot. The characters were really well-developed and the ending is a bit cheesy, but it is still a great film. This is an amazing movie and a great piece of cinema. I give this movie a 8.5 out of 10. I would highly recommend this to everyone!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts off with a rather creepy scene where a man is in his home surrounded by the smell of rotting food and rotting corpses.  He has been there for a while and he has been in the house for so long that he doesn't even notice that he is being watched.  The man in the movie is a woman who has taken over the body of a dead man.  It seems that the woman has been living in this body since the man died and the man is just a reminder of a bad time.  There is a very creepy scene in which the woman's hand is covered in blood from the head wound she received from the husband of the man she has taken control of.    As a final note, it is interesting to note that the man in this film is named Richard.  I'm not sure why they chose to name him after a man who was so horrible that his name was never spoken by anyone who knew him. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst thing about this movie is that it's an American film made in England, which means the dialogue is often quite poor. However, the movie is so terrible that it works on a number of levels.   A woman who has never known anything is now trying to live out the last days of her husband's life.  She is not really a strong woman, but she tries her best.    This is not a film for women, although it's possible to watch it and not be turned off by the dialogue. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I just watched this film with my family, and we all laughed, but it did not work for me. I was expecting a horror film that would scare me, and then at the end there would be a nice shock. It did none of this. The ending was not scary at all, and the character that was supposed to be scary was just creepy and not scary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie about a woman who falls in love with an old man who she meets at the church who tells her about a strange woman who lives in a forest with a giant monster. He then says to her that she should meet the woman and then he leaves her alone.  I thought this was an interesting movie that was not bad at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think I need to add much to what has already been said here:    I can't get over how much this movie has pissed me off.   It's the most obvious attempt to cash in on the success of the original film and it doesn't work.  From beginning to end the movie has one thing in common:  It tries to sell a stupid idea.  This is a movie about a family with two young children.  I've never understood why people keep saying "a story about a woman who can talk to animals".   The woman has no lines in the entire movie.  She's never even seen without her pet rat.  The other children have their own pet rat who is also never seen.  If you don't believe me, just go to YouTube and watch a clip of the kids.  They all look exactly the same, speak the same exact lines and act exactly the exact same way.  It is one of the dumbest movies I have ever seen. And it only gets more and more dumb the more you think about it.  Why would this movie make a profit?  The movie is about a man who has been diagnosed with cancer.  He gets a "cure" by having his girlfriend come to visit him.  That's it.    Then it shows that she is in fact a werewolf.  And a very sick one at that.    Her pet rat has a habit of eating her face.  Apparently she's been bitten by her boyfriend who was also bitten by the same rat.     The doctor who treats her says that she will be dead in a month.  What a great way to kill a werelion.  So she comes back home and takes her family along with her.  Then the film's first big idea is that she's a werepanther.  There are plenty of werepants out there.  Now let's see if they are able to talk to each other.  Yes, you heard that right.  But then we learn that she has a very bad temper and that her father and brother are too scared to approach her.          Now you may be thinking "but if they were talking to eachother then they could talk about anything".      No, they can't talk about their feelings about the werep and even if they did, they'd be in the middle of a were-
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The bad:    - The "candy" the kids are eating. It's a mixture of candy, sugar, and corn. I'd like to point out that these candy bars look exactly like the candies that you would get at the candy store at the local mall.    - When the kids eat some of the candy they start licking the spoon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story, and the acting, are fine. But the writing is really bad.  They do not know how to tell a story and make a movie out of it.   There is a plot that goes nowhere.     If you can't tell a good story with a bad acting, you need to go watch a good movie instead.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first five minutes of this movie are pure torture.  I can't even remember what I was thinking the first time I saw it.    The film starts out with a "tearjerker" theme, the only thing that keeps the film from being a total failure is the fact that it manages to keep the viewer entertained and wanting to keep watching.  This is an action movie, with explosions, bad fights, and even worse acting.  If you want a great action movie this is your movie, however if you're looking for something else then you will be very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of those "bad" movies where the badness is so apparent that you almost want to hate it! The movie is all over the place and has so much bad acting, bad writing and bad effects, that you might actually hate it as a result!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The main thing I would change about this movie is the acting.   You have a guy named Jeff (Kevin Spacey) who is a professional athlete, but he's a pretty bad one.  His parents are not too impressed with his sports, but his father does love him anyway.  Jeff has a very strange girlfriend named Sarah (Mia Wasikowska) who gets more and more obsessed with him.  She keeps trying to give him a ring but he keeps refusing to give her one. He keeps getting into fights with her.  So she gets really jealous of him. So she starts taking out her frustration by getting him into trouble.  Her best friends are a couple of other wrestlers named Dan (James Remar) and Mike (David Strathairn).  They are all pretty much the exact same.  They both hate him because of his attitude.  Sarah is just plain jealous of them, and she's getting really pissed off.  It's not a bad thing, but it's also not very funny.  I can't really say I liked the movie.  There are some good scenes, but there are also a lot of scenes that are so boring, I could have skipped them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This was the most boring and boring movie I've ever seen.   It was so boring and uneventful I never was able to connect with anything going on.  I guess it would have been more interesting if the people in this movie had a sense of humor about themselves.  It really was not funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie once when I was a kid, and my mother brought it to my attention because it reminded her of her father. She said it was about a boy who went to a town and stayed there until his parents divorced. The girl he loves comes to stay with him and the boy has to decide if he wants to get married or not.  A little boy goes to stay in the house of a young girl. The little girl says the boy will go to her school to meet the teacher who is her older brother. The boy says that the teacher has changed.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is boring and predictable.   There are so many stupid jokes in this film and they all have the same formula: a girl goes to a strange town with a bad guy (or "bad boy") and the bad guy makes a mess of everything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know what you're thinking.    It's a crappy movie, right?   This is the kind of movie where the bad guy is the worst.  The only good thing about this movie is the ending.  But that ending was pretty awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The bad news is that I really hated this movie and I'm not even a huge fan of bad movies. The good news is I liked the bad parts. It's the best kind of horror movie, like one of those "You have to laugh at it or you will cry" kind of movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with a few friends, and it was the most boring movie we had all night. It was not bad, but it was not good either.  There was not even a point in it.  The movie opens with a beautiful woman named Jessica in a bar and she is talking to a man.  The man looks like a supermodel but he is obviously not that.    Jessica goes on about how she is a model and how she used to be in Paris and how it is a good thing to be able to live in a city like that. Jessica goes into the bathroom and is about to strip, but her friends get her to stop because she is supposed to be nude.  Jessica then goes into her dressing room and says, "I am a model."   After the first scene, the woman Jessica was talking to, was supposed to have a scene with another model.  Instead, Jessica goes in her room and takes off her clothes.  In the scene she is dressed in a robe and is talking on the phone.  She is talking about how much she loves the man on the other end of the line.  This is the only part of the movie that didn't make sense.  I mean why would Jessica need to take off her robe to talk to the man she loves?   It was a complete disaster.  We were then supposed to see her strip again but the movie ended there and I did not get to see Jessica in any of her other outfits.  Then the movie started again.  After a few scenes, the women Jessica was with, came into the movie.  Again, this movie was boring and not even funny.  It seems like it was supposed for an audience of 5 people, but there were only 4 of us in the theater.  For some reason, Jessica and the other woman were supposed to start a relationship with a man named Paul.  Paul is a really cute guy and he seems to be really good at what he does.  They start dating and Jessica is totally in love with him.  Her friends then come into the picture and they are jealous of her.  What happened next, I will not spoil.  At one point the women come to Jessica's house to visit her and her friends.  When Jessica and her friend's arrive, they are all naked and talking about what they are going to do with their bodies.  There are some scenes of Jessica stripping
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought this was going to be a decent, if poorly executed, revenge movie. It wasn't. It was boring, it was boring and I didn't care about it. It made me feel like I was watching the movie of a child who can't find the right toy to play with.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is not a good movie, but it's not bad either. It's very slow paced, and you can tell the story takes place in a rural town. It also takes place after the war, which isn't a bad thing, because the setting and the story are quite realistic. It does have some issues though, as some of the characters don't seem to have any idea what they are doing. Also, it is hard to care about most of the cast, so if you're a fan of the book, then you're probably not going to like this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What can I say? It's just a bad idea that has no chance of being a success.   The idea was to have an animated version of the old cartoon, " The Wizard of Oz ", and it looks like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie that's made worse by the fact that the original film was so much better than this one. I am a huge fan of The Crow and I really, really wanted this movie to be better than the first one. Unfortunately, the filmmakers did a terrible job of updating this old classic and have made it worse, not better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure why, but this movie has a horrible aftertaste to it. It is an adaptation of a terrible book, and the movie makes the book seem like a page out of a children's book. The book itself is an old and very poorly written book that has been turned into a bad comic book. This movie is about a boy who discovers that his favorite uncle has been murdered by a killer who has been taking pictures of his dead body. In the movie the boy's uncle looks like a nice guy. He looks like he is a decent guy. So, the boy, his cousin and some other kids go to the uncle's house. They play around in the house and have a good time. The uncle tells the boy that he is going to take pictures of him. The boy tells the uncle that it is impossible to take such pictures. The kid says that he doesn't want to go to school. The next day the boy meets a boy at school. This boy has the same face as the uncle. The kids get into a fight. This is a very stupid fight. The fight is really stupid. This fight is not about anything at all. The first kid who loses says, "This is what we do. We kill people and take pictures." The second kid says, "(I am going to be) a killer." Then the third kid says "I'm a killer too." The first boy says, (I'm going to) do it too." I do not know how anyone could make this stupid movie. The movie is only about about one thing: killing people and taking pictures.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The best part of this movie was the "special effects". This movie was so bad that the special effects were even worse than the movie itself.    It is like the movie came out of a bad book or comic book. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total disappointment. I'm not sure how to describe it but there is absolutely no character development. The movie takes place over the course of one day and is filled with scenes where no one speaks and the dialogue is terrible. The only thing I can think of that is the film's title. It's very difficult to watch a movie like this. If you are looking for something to be scared of, look elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was an absolute waste of time. There was a lot of bad acting, which is not bad acting by bad actors. The bad acting is so bad, that I can't even explain it to you. This movie could have been so much better, had it not been filmed in a warehouse. There are so many bad scenes, it would take too long to go through them all. The director, John Landis, could have done a much better job of filming the scene where a man is hit by a truck, the director could have even taken the time to film the entire truck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film itself is so boring, so overplayed, so repetitive, and so badly acted that it's a wonder it ever made it out of the theaters. The characters are as boring as the film. The actors are so bad that they are almost funny. And the director is just a hack, a hack who knows that this film will never sell a million copies, so he makes a mess of it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The most important problem with this movie is that it is boring.  It has no heart or soul or anything.    The plot is stupid and unoriginal, and the acting is really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a story about a group of students who are trapped in a haunted school and the ghosts of the dead kids are trying to scare them.   The movie is about a guy who is trapped in the school and is forced to deal with the ghosts.  It's really a bad way to spend a day, but it does give the kids a scare. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film begins with the narrator, a doctor in his 60's, trying to get his patients to sleep. As a child, he'd always loved movies and he'd learned to watch a movie before bedtime. This is where the movie starts to fall apart. There are a couple of nice, but not particularly memorable scenes, but it never really gets going until the ending, which is a mess of an ending.   I know I'm not the only one who had problems with this movie. I found it confusing, and not nearly as good as I expected.  - Rating: -
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've seen so far.    In the opening scene we have a giant spider on a tree branch. He's not even that big and the guy filming him is pretty small.  He's a really bad guy, and I mean really bad.  His name is Vamp, and he's got an arsenal of weapons and he keeps attacking people.  If you watch the film you will see he uses a machete, a chainsaw, a gun, and his own bare hands.  The only good thing about Vamp is that he has a pet cat, which is cute.  As you may have guessed, Vamp was originally supposed to be a horror movie, but the studio didn't want it, so they made this.  It is a total waste of money and time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the first film in the history of the Marvel Universe where the heroes are portrayed as idiots. I know I am being unfair but it's like they went into this movie thinking that they would just do a normal "superhero movie".   Instead they decided to put together a superhero movie that is really just about two idiots.   First of all, I hate that they used a white man as the main villain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is not worth the money.   A good movie, but not worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie sucks.  I mean it.  I was hoping for some action but it is all about stupid jokes and some lame songs.    I was looking forward to seeing what they could do with a little bit of a twist. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I just don't like this movie, and the writer for this is so obviously not an acting coach.   There are so many things wrong with this movie:   The whole thing is like watching a drunk go to a strip club.    It's like watching someone go to the dentist to have his teeth pulled.  It's like seeing a crazy person go to church.     It's also like seeing an old man go to see a movie.  The acting is so bad, and all the characters are so unlikable.  This movie is just a bunch of clichés and terrible acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is a horrible story that is about the life of a guy who has a lot of money and he is trying to get rid of it. He goes to a place in which he has to pay a large sum of money to a woman who is in a room and the thing is, that she doesn't have a penis so when she gets naked she doesn'T want to have sex and the guy tries to get her to have an abortion and so she tries to kill herself but he pulls out the bullet and then she is killed.   The plot is so bad that you are not really sure what is happening or why this is happening. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a terrible movie. This is the movie that has been used by a lot of people to promote a lot more things that are not true. The actors are not professional and it is obvious that they are not really good actors. The movie is a bad example of a movie and it should not be shown.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie does nothing but repeat the same thing: the main character, William, a young man from the big city who comes to rural Wisconsin to get married, and is soon joined by his brash best friend, the girl.  And they get married and move into a little cabin.   It seems to me like the plot was written by someone who had not watched a single movie in his life.  This is not the first movie that I have seen that has nothing to do with the main theme of the movie: the romance of life in the woods.  I thought the romantic nature of life was what made it a good movie: we were all out on the forest trail and it was good to be out there with nature.  There was a little girl who would sometimes visit us.  But it seemed like it was all there was to the story: the movie was all about the man and his best friend and how they lived their lives.  The story was told in a way that made me want to laugh.  A couple of times it was funny.  And then it was boring.  When you get to the end of the film and you find out that William and the girl are actually getting married, I was just bored.  You could tell that they just went to a hotel and stayed there for a day or two, so you could guess how they got married.  What was really funny was how William was talking about how his best friends "have done a good job" of raising the girl (I am not sure how that makes any sense, but that is how it sounded).  It was a good idea, but not funny.      I am sure there is a better movie out there that would have been more enjoyable.  It is just a sad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad sequel to a bad first film.  It's an obvious attempt to capitalize on the popularity of the first film, which I think has been done to death.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you liked this movie you will like this one  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first time I have seen this movie.  It was a fairly boring movie with no real plot or plot progression.   It is not even that bad of a movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a very boring film, I liked it but it was not great. The acting is very amateurish, it was really hard to follow the story, but that is the point, it is just a re-enactment of the real event. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm surprised that this has gotten a decent rating. The movie has been made in China, and the story is mostly about an orphan who comes to live with a couple in a big, dirty, rat-infested house in the middle of nowhere. This movie is really, really bad.   The plot is bad, the acting is bad and the acting was bad enough to make me want to scream. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with a long, long, drawn-out and somewhat ridiculous scene involving a pair of people who are not, as we know, in the same room. The scene is about a group of people in a hotel room. They are trying to figure out how to get a movie out of a movie theater that won't play it. One of the characters is an elderly man who says he is getting old. He says that he is going to go out in a big way to try and get a date to a movie. He has been doing it for a long time, but this is his first date with a girl. He is wearing a black suit with a red tie and has his hair combed back in a kind of crazy fashion. It is all very weird. The rest of the movie follows this guy who has a strange new hobby. He likes to play games of hide-and-seek. He does this in the middle of the night in the hotel room and the woman who lives in the room doesn't know where he is. Eventually she finds out and she thinks it is time for him to go. The man says he has a very special secret to tell her. It involves a game called "Monkey with a Hot Dog." It is not very interesting. I did not understand a word of it. The movie doesn't help either. It just goes on and on and doesn't seem to be all that interested in what is going on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of kids at a small private school decide to play a game called "Bust a Pup" and take pictures of their little brother. They find him on the ground and decide to put him in a trash can and then dump it in the river. When the boys find out about it, they decide to make sure he is in the trash can before they dump it. After they leave the school, they all decide to go home to get their parents, because they are really pissed. After finding out their parents are out of town, they start planning a revenge on the boys.   I did not really like this movie, it was a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm pretty sure that's what you're thinking:  "Why is the main character dressed like a fucking peasant?"    A movie that is a lot of fun to watch (at least on paper) is the first to introduce the world of  Puss in Boots.   The film was directed by Pauline Kael and it tells the story of a village that is plagued by bad luck.   There's a curse placed on the village because of the fact that their children are never to grow up.  The children are told that they will die in their early teens, so they try to escape from the curse.  In this version of the story, the curse is that if a man or a woman goes through the woods at night, a tiger will kill them.  It seems that every child born of this curse is to die of a tiger attack at a young age.  A local priest comes up with a plan to get rid of the curse by using magic to kill all of the children.  To do this, he has to first kill one of the priests.  However, there is an even more deadly curse. If a woman is raped, she is to lose her virginity to her rapist.  This curse is placed on a woman who has to choose between two men.  One of the men, a wealthy farmer, is willing to sacrifice his own life for his wife's sake.  So, as a result, she has to marry him.  And there's the curse set for the village.  A village where the men all die young.  Even though I'm not a big fan of this movie, I still enjoyed it.  My favorite part about it was the story about the cursed children. I thought it was pretty good.  There were a few things that made the story more ridiculous, but the film was still enjoyable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The best part of the movie is the little girl running around the house trying to be funny and cute.  There are some pretty funny scenes that are not very funny but I like that part.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a bit disappointing. It has been a few years since I saw this movie and the plot was so simple and I just couldn't follow the story. It didn't help that the acting was bad, the movie had a lot of characters but none of them seemed to have any personality. It was just plain boring and it wasn't worth the time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was pretty excited about this movie as I was really looking forward to a good zombie movie. I really wanted to like this movie but the acting is so bad and the acting was so bad I think that this is the worst movie of the year.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film that has no concept. A man is abducted by a group of alien beings and is taken back to their home planet. He is told he is going to be trained as a warrior and then returned to Earth. In this movie he has to go through some intense training to become a warrior. He has a few days to prepare. It takes him three hours to do his training. It seems like the movie was made by the aliens who had seen all the other movies. There are scenes of them talking to one another in their own language. It is all about the aliens being powerful. When they go to Earth they steal a car and a couple of people are in the car. The alien beings come and find the people and abduct them. They go to the top of a mountain and then disappear. We are never told where they are taking the people. We never know how long they have been there. We just see a bunch of people getting out of the car, going up the mountain, and disappearing. We see some other scenes, some that are very bad. There is some strange things about this movie. It reminds me of the movie "Alien" from the 70s. It has scenes that are similar to that movie. There seems to be an alien who has some sort of device. The guy who is in the film is the same guy who played "Alien". The bad guy is the alien who had kidnapped him and taken him back to his planet. It was a bad, bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad bad movie. It is bad and it's bad in a way that makes you wish that you were in the wrong room. The writing is a mess and the acting is worse. The dialogue is clunky, it's so bad that it's not funny. It's a real mess and there's no point in trying to defend it. This movie should be taken to the grave and buried. I hate the fact that I watched this film. I was so embarrassed by my reaction that I had to watch it a second time to see how badly I had been treated.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As bad as the story is, this movie is the worst thing I've ever seen in my life.  The worst acting in the history of cinema, bad acting at its very worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film's "theme" is that of a man who believes he's a hero because he's so good at killing things.   There's not a single scene where he actually does anything other than pull the trigger.  In fact, when he does kill something, it's usually someone who's already dead.  And the rest of the film's characters are also pretty pathetic.  Even though they're all really good at what they do, there's no actual challenge in the movie.  It's just a bunch of people doing the same thing over and over again.  The only really interesting part of the movie is when a mysterious figure comes in and tells the bad guys they're the bad guy's next target.  I guess this movie was really bad when it was first released, and then it got even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes for this movie and I was disappointed. The acting was mediocre at best and the plot didn't hold up very well. I'm sure they could have used some more stunt work and the action scenes would have been great.  But the film had a lot of bad scenes that made it difficult to watch.  The ending was the worst part of the film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first time I ever saw this movie was in college. I had heard about it before, but it was never seen in any form. The second time I saw it, I was floored. I don't know why I hadn't seen it sooner, it was so well made and so well acted. I loved it. I love movies like this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be the first of a trilogy but in the end, it just became a cheap action movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    When I first saw this movie I was under the impression that this was the first time we were getting to see a woman in a man's body. This wasn't the case. We were getting the first "Woman in the Man's Body" movie ever. What is more, the guy is not a bad looking guy. I found myself not only liking the movie but actually feeling sorry for the guy. This is a film that is about the love of a man and his lady. The movie doesn't really have a theme. It has a couple of scenes that are good. The other scenes are a disappointment. If you can get past the bad taste in the film I think it is a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had a lot of trouble with this movie.   The first two scenes of the movie, with a man named Robert who is a very good shot and his wife are both beautiful, is very beautiful and touching, but the rest of the film is horrible.  There is not a lot that can be said about this movie, other than it was poorly written and directed, and it is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is based on a novel by the same name by a Russian writer, Alexei Zhuravlev.   I have heard the movie was very good.  I did not see the movie, but the novel had a similar plot to the movie.  It is a story of an orphan who grows up in a very poor family.  The movie begins with the orphans being brought up by the family in a wooden shack in the middle of a field.  He does not know how to work a stick or how to play the piano.  One day his father comes home from the village to find the shack a mess and he has a big hole in the ground in front of the shack.  There is no food.  All the time the orphan is running around the shack crying.  Eventually he gets to his father's house and tells him the story.  His father wants to buy the shack for himself but he has no money.  But he does have a daughter, and she has a sickly baby.  So the father does a deal with the boy's father to sell the shack to the father.  Unfortunately, the father is not a very bright man.  Instead of selling the shack he gets drunk and leaves the shack behind.  And then the movie starts.    There are lots of people around the house.  In the meantime the boy gets to play in the yard.  While he is playing there is a terrible storm come.  After the storm passes, the boy goes back to the shack and tells his father that it was a good storm.  Now he wants to leave the shack but he needs a place to sleep for the night.  A house is not big enough to sleep in.  Luckily he has one more family member to leave with.  This family member has a beautiful wife who has a very nice house.   The father decides that the boy can stay there with his wife and baby.   But when the boy is leaving the house he tells his family to take him with them.  When they get there, they find the wife is very old.  She is very sick and unable to take care of her baby. The father realizes he needs to help her but he does not have enough money. He tells his daughter that she can have the baby if she can help him raise it.  However, the daughter does not want the baby so the father takes the baby from the mother and gives it to
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are many films that are not very good. This is one of them. It is not a good movie and it is not even a good bad movie. The film is made up of scenes that have nothing to do with each other and there is no logic to them at all. It feels like someone just took a scene of "Halloween II" and put it in a horror movie. This film is also very confusing and not very funny either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first thing that I notice is that there's not a lot of dialogue. There are some interesting set pieces, but most of the film is just some random people talking. I found it a little disappointing, but maybe it was because the movie was so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie I have ever seen! The actors are really bad and it is totally pointless. I hope you all pass out! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love this movie, but I do not like the way it ends. It was a very good movie, very entertaining, and I did enjoy it. However, after watching it a second time, I realized that the ending is very poorly written. I feel that there are some pretty major plot holes, and a few loose ends. Also, there is a lot of blatant racism. I felt that it was very poorly done.   The movie starts out with a man on a train. As the train moves, a black woman gets on and sits next to him. As he moves towards her, the woman puts her hand in the air and sings the "O Canada" song. The man smiles. This is supposed to be a good thing. He's a nice guy and he's a good songwriter. The black woman smiles and looks at the man and he smiles back.   of course, this is not a good sign. The woman is singing a racist song and it is clearly meant to hurt and offend. I think that this is a movie that should be banned from being shown to anyone. The racism is clear, and it comes across in the lyrics, the actions of the characters, and in the overall tone. The movie could have used a little more work, but there is nothing in this movie that would have made me not want to see it. This movie has some of the most clever dialogue I have ever heard, and some of my favorite lines. There are so many things that are not explained in the movie that it is impossible to get an understanding of what is going on. I have to say that this movie is a little overrated. It is a pretty good movie. It will make you laugh a few times and you may think it is good, but you will not enjoy it for a very long time. I give this movie a 4 out of 10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie has so many problems. The acting is awful, the special effects are really bad, the plot is awful (well, the first half), and the writing is just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be a complete failure.  I know what the director and the writer intended to do.  They want to tell a story of a man's life as he gets into the habit of drinking.  It is a nice story that would be more effective if it were told with a little more energy.  The screenplay is bad.  A lot of the lines are recycled from other films.    This is a low-budget movie that would have been better if the studio had spent a little less money.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know about you guys, but I found this movie a bit too corny and a bit pointless. I think the story was pretty lame, even for a comedy, and the characters were flat and forgettable.  The movie was pretty bad and not funny at all.    I thought this movie was going to be a bit more funny than it actually was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I never had much hope for this movie, but after seeing it twice, I'm still a little underwhelmed.  This is a pretty standard romantic comedy.   It's got some good performances from the two lead actors,   but it's not going to win any awards for anyone.  There's nothing wrong with the story.  It has a lot of good gags and the dialogue is generally pretty good.  I do think that it would have been better if it had been a little more funny.  The plot is fairly simple:   the main character, Alex, is the only son of a rich family who happens to be a vampire.  When he's not doing that, he's hanging out with his friend Sam, and the three of them become friends with all the vampires.  At the start, they're all a little too much of a nuisance for Alex's parents, but as the story goes on, they all get more and more irritating.  Overall, I think this is a good romantic comedy, but it certainly doesn't live up to the hype. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not bad, but not good either.  What's with the blackface?  Why does he have to be wearing a clown nose? _________________________________ (4.5) ______________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What the fuck.   The only thing that could make this movie worse is if the whole cast got together for a night of debauchery and made out like the "Shakespearean characters"   Seriously, the entire movie is like the classic "The Bard" (with a bit of "Shakespearianism"). The lead, played by "Hedwig" from "The Wizard of Oz", makes an appearance at the end and then the movie ends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was not impressed by this movie. The cinematography is atrocious. The actors look terrible. The plot is pretty much as you'd expect: a bunch of kids have a party at the school and get involved in a fight. The movie is pretty short. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I never would have expected a "Wizard of Oz" sequel to be this terrible. The actors did a great job, and the song, "Don't Stop Believin'" was a good choice for the end credits.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    You get to see the best of two great movies:  The King's Speech   There's a reason this is considered a classic:  It's a moving story of love, loyalty, and family. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a terrible travesty. It's a stupid and cheesy adventure movie that was made with the sole purpose of exploiting the fans of the original film. The only reason the studio would want to make another one is because they think it will be a hit. It doesn't do a damn thing for the original story and it doesn't even attempt to explain it. It also fails to do any of the things that made the first movie so good. In fact it fails so miserably in every way that I can't see how the studio is still making this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good movie about a really bad thing.   The plot is nothing special: A few guys (including a man who looks like a woman) are trapped in a house with a bad guy (who looks like an elf).   In fact the movie is just a collection of bad ideas: 1. The bad guy is a monster 2. The good guy is stuck in a room with a monster 3. The monster eats people 4. The elves in the house are evil 5. The evil elf kills people 6. The elf makes people into zombies 7. The killer elf eats people 8. The undead are a menace to the town 9. The vampires eat people 10. The zombies are in the kitchen 11. The ghosts in the graveyard are real 12. The old man in the attic is alive and evil 13. The girl who lives in the basement is a witch 14. The movie ends with a zombie eating the monster 15. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.   The plot is a little too convoluted, it takes too long to start and it has a bad story.  It seems like this movie was written by an idiot.  The characters are all annoying.  I think this movie is the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    - This is a very bad movie. The characters were very unlikable. The main character, Mr. McDonough (I forget what the name is) is a stupid, immature, self-centered, selfish, incompetent, and insensitive person. He's so bad that he could easily have been a parody of himself. His only saving grace is his very dumb daughter, who is also very stupid. Mr. McKonough and his family are all so stupid that it's amazing that they manage to make a living, much less to pay off the debt they owe to the bank. I would hate to think what kind of life they led before they met Mr. and Mrs. Mcdonough. - It took me several attempts to finally realize the significance of Mr. McGonough's line, "I just wanted to get some sleep."  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that I really enjoyed this movie. If you are like me, and don't care for any of the characters in this movie, then you'll probably like this movie as well. It's got a lot of funny stuff going on, and it's a good time. There are only a few of the movie's moments that weren't funny, but I didn't find them as much as I would have liked.  I don't really have anything bad to say about this movie other than the fact that I just don't like this character that I thought was so funny in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have no problems with this movie and I'm not saying anything against it. It is just not a good movie.   It was good enough to get a nomination for a best director Oscar but it was bad enough to be a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie had a lot of problems. I guess it had been made in South Africa in 1987, so it was pretty dated and not very funny. I didn't enjoy it at all. It had a very generic plot and the dialogue was just so-so. The whole thing felt like a bad, poorly written, badly acted movie. There was one memorable line that I would have liked to have seen more of:   "Oh, it's you. You know I don't like that old guy. I don,t think he's worth it. I just hope he gets shot soon."   I don't know. This movie was a lot more memorable than it was funny. It didn't have any good characters to look at, which is a shame.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a joke.  It's a movie that was made to make a bunch of people feel like they were watching a TV show.  The movie's premise is a bunch people get together to try to kill a serial killer (he's in the movie, but his face isn't on the killer's body) and they all have the same idea in mind.  What the film doesn't have is a killer who gets killed off right before the end.   The best part of this movie is the way the film's characters talk.  I was laughing out loud during the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was a mess. The only thing it really had going for it was the title. I have to say, the only things I ever want to say about this movie are, "Why is the guy wearing an afro? Did he grow a beard?" and "How do you get so much mileage out of a man who has a moustache?"   The story starts off by introducing us to the antagonist, a big guy named Charlie, who is a con man who gets a job in a restaurant. His plan is to con a wealthy couple who have just moved to a new house. Charlie tries to use his good looks to get them to believe he is their new neighbor, when in reality, Charlie's real name is Mr. Blonde. Charlie does this by dressing up as a woman. He has a long, flowing black wig, a red dress, and a large moustachioed moustaches. Charlie is an idiot, so it's no surprise that Charlie's plan goes bad. Charlie has a girlfriend, Miss Blonde, who he calls "sweetheart" (I think) but in reality is his daughter. Charlie takes her on an "adventure" and ends up in a world of magic and death.   I would have liked to see the Blonde's reaction to her father being a con artist. I don't think she's even aware of it, so I wonder if she even knew what her father did. It seems like the Blondes are so used to living a fantasy life that they don't really understand how reality works. Charlie was the only character I was actually interested in. I was really hoping that Charlie would be the hero and that she would be a supporting character, but she ended up being the villain. I can't say that I was even interested in Miss Blanche. I just felt that the movie had lost it's way and that the characters didn't really make any sense.   The movie had no story at all. It was just a bunch of characters, and they were all in love with one another, except for one guy. Charlie and Miss Blond were the only two who actually had any depth. I would have much rather watched a movie where Charlie and Blonde got together and had a normal relationship, because they both really were the same.   of the three characters, only Miss Blange had any sort of depth. She did something that I think a movie like this should show
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was a mess, not because of bad acting, the cast was really bad, but mainly because of the poor script and direction.   The film follows a group of people in an old abandoned mansion that is being used for a movie, but that is just the tip of the iceberg.  The house itself is nothing but an old mansion, with one big open living room, a kitchen, a dining room, two bedrooms, a bathroom and a bedroom.  We learn that the mansion is inhabited by an old man and his wife, who have been living there for a very long time, and they have two daughters who have recently died.  Then there are four young girls who are not old enough to have their own rooms, but are used as live-in servants.  There are also two old men who are constantly having sexual relations with the daughters and they are constantly being disturbed by their father, who is very jealous and possessive of his daughters.  It is very hard to tell what is going on, but what we do see are some very bizarre scenes: the old man's daughter (played by the incredibly hideous Marlene Dietrich) and the daughter of one of the young girls having sex, a young girl who is forced to live in a very strange place where her only company is a man (played with terrible acting by Fred Allen), an old woman who is raped and then has sex with her father and the old woman and her daughter having sex with each other, a group sex scene with the old men and a young woman, and one weird sex scene that is not funny at all.  This is not a good movie at all, and I do not know how the director managed to make this so bad, it just was a bad idea from the very start. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've never seen a movie that is completely awful then this is it.  This movie is an example of why the Academy Awards have to exist:  This movie, like many movies in the 90s, was made by someone who had no idea how to make a movie and it is still bad.  One of the best parts about this movie is that it's a lot of fun to watch:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was released as part of a series of short animated films called "Dangerous Curves" that were based on real-life incidents and the reactions of the people involved. This one is a little different in that it has some serious "D" ratings, but in a good way. It's a movie about a woman who's just moved into a new house with her husband, and she decides to make a little extra money by going into a circus. Unfortunately, she's about to be kidnapped and the kidnappers are looking for a good place to do it. They take her to the circus where the owner is getting married to a pretty young girl. The kidnappers don't take the girl and instead throw the woman into a pit filled with monkeys. She's about a week and a half from death, and there's a kid playing there who is just about to get a new toy. The little kid is a monkey and he gets in a fight with the clowns and the monkeys kill the clown and the kid. Now, this is a pretty gruesome movie, but it's one that has a heart. There's a nice romance between the two leads and the movie ends with the couple walking out together in a car. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I would never have thought I would like this movie but it just keeps getting better and better!   The acting was great.   This is a must see movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am sure this movie will make you laugh, but it will also make you very angry. This movie is a big fat mess. It is so bad that it is really hard to figure out what the film is about. The film is so badly written that I am surprised that a movie that bad could get made at all. This film has a lot of bad dialogue, and some of the most ridiculous scenes in film history. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think I found a new favorite "Muppets" movie: Muppets Most Wanted!   This movie has all the makings of a cult classic.   It features a very good performance from Will Arnett as the lead, as well as the other muppets.  But, the muppers are really just muppists:  They do their own thing and never talk back to the camera.  If you are looking for a good "Muppet" movie, this might not be the one for you.  The film is funny and the muppet characters are very good.  However, the film is not as good as it could be.  It was shot in black and white and some of the scenes just look awful.  For example, the scene where Kermit tries to make his Muppet friends laugh by doing a funny routine.  I wish the film had been shot in color and more of the mook characters would have been shown.  So, if you want a "Mocking Bird" or "Hercules" type of film, this is a good one.  This is a great "Movies" site:  http://www.muppet.com/
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The best thing about this movie is that the actors really seem to be having a good time. The film is filled with some funny moments, some good acting, some bad acting and some great acting. The one thing that I do not like about the movie is the story. It is just a bad excuse for a story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The script is so bad that it makes it hard to enjoy the movie, even though it tries. There are a couple of scenes that really make you think, but they're really forced and the ending makes no sense whatsoever. The actors are pretty good, but the only thing that is actually funny in the movie is when the kids are playing "chicken" and they're eating each other. There's really nothing to laugh at in this movie.   Rating: **  The movie is about a little boy who is always afraid of the dark. This time, his fear turns into real terror when a little girl has a bad dream. She has to fight her fear in order to save her friends. There aren't really any laughs in this film, but it's still a decent movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a very poor and uninspired film.  It was written and directed by the guy that made a bunch of bad films in the 90's.   The actors are pretty bad and the dialogue is bad.  The only reason I rated this movie at 3/10 is because it is very fun to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is about a woman who is trying to get her husband to stop cheating. This guy is married to another woman and is cheating on her as well. So, her sister decides to help her husband out by letting him sleep with a man who is actually the wife of a friend of hers. What a terrible movie.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the title says, this is a movie about a dead man, but this dead man is really dead and I was not even looking forward to seeing the movie.  There is very little gore, and that is a good thing because the movie is a joke.    I have seen a lot of movies about the dead and the dead don't do anything, so why bother?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "This is a bad picture, but not bad enough to be bad"  I'm sure this review will be met with much laughter from those of you who have never seen a movie so bad, it is so bad that the only good thing about it is that it has the most amazing opening sequence ever.  This is actually one of my favorite films from the 1980's, but I have never been able to find a copy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie of all time.   A man who wants to become a movie star is given a movie that is not only bad, but it is an absolute train wreck.  This movie is so bad that the director's name is on the box, and yet it has a rating of "R".   It is a movie made for idiots and I am sure that the movie was directed by someone who does not even know how to direct a movie.  It just makes no sense at all and has so many plot holes that it would make the most idiot's laugh with laughter.  If this movie was a video game, I would probably be able to beat the game but then I would have to watch the video again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, I can't even explain what is wrong with it. A poor film with a bad ending. I don't know why anyone would watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a movie that has some very obvious flaws, the film's true strength is in its depiction of an alien race and its people.  The alien race, who are called the Dersians, are a race of people who are basically a group of half-rotten corpses who are so hideous they look like they've been left in the back of a refrigerator for a couple of days.  Their culture is based on cannibalism, and is portrayed as a horrible place of cannibalism where even a young boy will eat his own brother.   In fact, this is the only time in the film that you see a young girl at all, and even that is only as a prop.  In addition, there is also a scene where one of the characters talks about how the aliens are trying to "recover" the bodies of their dead.  These people are so incredibly despicable that they should be cast away from our world forever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't know why I bought this movie. It had no real plot and was more about the actors than anything else. The acting was horrible. I could never watch this movie again. It was awful.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a film that has absolutely no redeeming value. The movie does a lot of things that are stupid. It's got a girl who runs away with a guy who doesn't love her back, and then runs away from home with him. It gets to a point where the two of them are running from police, and they have a chase where they are pursued by police cars, and the girl tries to hit the guy on the head with a hammer, and he hits her with a baseball bat, and she gets her head smashed in, and gets knocked out and has to be brought back to school. It all gets really stupid.   There's some action in the movie. It does take place on a school campus. There are a couple of cops in the scene, and there are also a couple more cops in a police cruiser that is following them.   a cop pulls up next to them and they all take off in the police car. He pulls out his gun and he points it at the girl. She hits the guy with a chair. The cops get out of the car. The guy and the cops get into a fist fight. It ends up being a fight between the guy and two cops. It is pretty dumb. It goes back and forth, and a couple people in the crowd get in the fight. There's a girl standing on the stage, and it turns into a boxing match between two people who are the same height as the guy in the guy's place. It turns into an actual boxing match. Then the guy gets hit by the guy who is punching the guy. There is a guy standing next to the guy punching the other guy. It continues into a whole bunch of other fights. Then, the guy just gets knocked down. He gets hit in the head a couple times by the other person, and goes down. The other guy kicks the guy, and that's about it. It doesn't make any sense at all.  's movie does do a lot to bring the plot together. There aren't many plot twists in it. The girl has to return to school and her father is angry with her because she has left him, and her mother has died. She has to face a lot, including the man who left her and the guy she is running away with. The film does give you a lot more information about the plot. It shows you a bit about who is who in the film. The plot isn't really that interesting
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "good guys" are a bunch of buffoons.  They have a very small and weak special effects, which is rather sad because the special effects are really good in the old Disney movies, and are even better here.   The villain, as he does in a lot of Disney movies is a very sadistic and evil guy.  He has a large arsenal of weapons, and is very well-prepared for any confrontation.  The characters are all silly and goofy, and you can't help but laugh at their antics.  I enjoyed this movie quite a bit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a story about a woman and her son.  Her son is a good friend of his mother's who helps out her and she helps him out.  A nice family movie but a boring movie overall!    I will not watch this movie again.   This is another forgettable movie.  The kids are the only ones who have a great time.  It is very short. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes for this movie, because it was a remake of a great movie from the 1970's (like a lot of the remakes on this list). But this movie was not good at all. It was a cheap remake of the 70's version with the same bad actors and a bunch of new bad characters. This is not a bad remake of an original movie, but a cheap copy that was filmed by the same people. This movie is awful!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've never heard of "Journey to the Center of the Earth", but it looks like the film adaptation of the children's novel by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. I suppose that the producers felt that a children's story would be more "comfortable" to a mainstream audience, than a "serious" science fiction movie. I guess that they thought that a lot of people would be too young to understand what was going on in this film. The film, however, is a disappointment from start to finish. This is a "trying to be funny" movie. It's a bit like a "bad" James Bond movie. The plot is about an alien space ship called the "Expeditionary Cruiser" (I suppose that a "space cruiser" is a type of spaceship), which crashes into earth and lands on the earth's surface. The ship then begins to "heal" itself, and eventually comes to a "descent" into a mysterious cavern, and from there, to a mysterious "center" (of the earth, in this case). We don't learn very much about this mysterious center. It is, in a sense, a "black hole". The only clue we get is a mysterious message that comes out of a crystal ball.   The plot, however is really "boring". It is really too "ordinary" for a science fiction film. It just seems that there is nothing really "interesting" going on. It all seems rather "borrowed" from other science fiction films. It doesn't really seem that there was much thought given to what makes a "good" science-fiction film.  "Healing" a spaceship? This is like a bad James Bond film!   And then there is the dialogue. The dialogue in this movie is rather bizarre, but then again, a lot is "weird" in science fiction movies.  The "bad guy" is called "the Master" and we have to find out a bit more about him. I think he is supposed to be a "librarian" or something like that. He is a very old man who "lives" in the cave and watches "through a crystal lens". He is apparently very important, so "it's important to find him". I think the main problem is the fact that there are so many different characters. The "good guy" of the film is named "Doyle", and he seems to be the only "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You know how in movies, when a bad guy gets into a fight with a good guy who is trying to save his daughter from drowning in a lake, and then the bad guy is shot dead by the good guy. Then they go to the lake to see the body, and the good guys' dog runs off.  The bad guy dies a horrible death. _________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________ I had heard that this movie was about a guy who went around and murdered people and buried them in his backyard and that the movie was based on a real-life story.    I think the movie has a lot of heart but its story is pretty ridiculous.  This is one of those movies that you would think would be made in the 1970's but its the late 1990's and this is just like some movie that I would see on television in the 70's.  I give it a 3.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes for this film when it came out in 2008. The trailer promised a dark, gritty, brutal, and violent thriller about the life and death of a man whose wife was murdered in front of him. That sounded like a lot of fun. Well, I guess I was in for a surprise.  We are introduced to a family of three: a husband and wife, their two daughters, and a son. The son is the main character of the story, and he's a bad boy. He's got a bad attitude, and the wife is a little girl. The father is a decent guy, but his wife was a pretty little thing, and his daughter was a little bit of a brat.  This film, though, is so boring. The whole story is just an excuse for the two daughters to show off how much better they are than their father. The daughter (who's a pretty girl, by the way) goes to her friend's house to play, and she ends up on the floor, playing with dolls. She tells her father about it, and of course, he doesn't like the idea of a little kid in a dollhouse. He goes into his room and plays a game with the dollhouse, and it turns out to be a very sophisticated game, in which the doll is an important character. It turns out that the dolls all have names and faces, and each one of them has a specific purpose, such as teaching the daughter how to play the violin, or how to write a poem.  The mother, meanwhile, is sitting in her kitchen, crying about how she can't stand the husband. She says that he has no interest in his daughter at all, and how much he hates her for being a brattish little brat with a bad temper.  Now, there's a theme in this film: The mother is always right. And if the husband doesn't agree with her, then it's because the husband is not really a man, but just a weak-willed man who has no idea what he's doing. The husband's wife has no problem taking the kids to school, and letting them play, because that's what little girls are supposed to do. The wife is the only person who thinks the husband should get out of the house and go on a date with a woman other than his wife, because women are supposed always to be more intelligent than men.  In fact, I would
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not disappointed in this film.  It was a great idea that could not be executed as well as it should have been.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only way I can describe this film is that it is just a bunch of bad ideas thrown together to make a mediocre film.   There are a bunch characters who are just as poorly designed as the film itself, and the one who comes to the most mind when thinking of this movie is the little girl. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "It's a good movie. But it's not as good as I wanted it to be." The worst of the worst - a horrible and utterly incompetent movie that makes me sick to my stomach.   I have no words to describe this movie.  The script is atrocious and completely out of touch with reality.  They couldn't have made this movie a few months ago when it would have been more entertaining, but then the director realized he couldn't do it and gave it to his crew.  This is a bad film that was made by people who are obviously not good at their jobs.  I don't know why it is even considered for awards, but they sure do like this movie so much they give it Oscars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know this movie will disappoint a lot of people but if you like bad movies and are in for a good time then this is the one for you.  I really liked this movie, it's got a lot going for it and i really hope it's a hit next weekend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is basically a retelling of the tale of how a group of misfit children learn to be bullies. The story is rather simplistic and not very creative. The plot has the children learning how to bully other children by having the kids bully the other kids. The only thing I liked about the film was the fact that the children were actually acting out the story in real time, which is a rare feat.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is very bad and not very good, you will be laughing your ass off for a good while, but then you will get a shock.   The movie starts off with a very bad acting, bad acting that is bad enough to make you not want to look at the screen, but even worse it is bad writing and bad direction.  This film is a mess, and I think it is because of this director.  He tries to make the audience like him, he tries to put the viewer in his place and make him think that what he is saying is true.  The film is about the people that are in the cult that has the "Gods".  The plot goes like this:  It all starts with a man named Bob, he has been a member of the cult for a long time, he is a member by accident, and he is about to be expelled from the cult, when the cult leaders (the old cult members) come into his room and tell him to get out.  Now this happens because Bob is in a fight with his wife and is going to divorce her, and this is why he is in the room and why they are going to expel him.  So this movie is a very strange movie, I would not recommend it to anyone who wants to have a good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film, but you might like it. The premise is that a couple get lost and get stranded on an island. The movie itself is very silly and uninspired, with no plot or story whatsoever.  There are a lot of really stupid people in this movie, who just sit around and act like they know what they are doing, but it is hard to tell if they are actually stupid or if they just act that way because that's the kind of person they are.  The bad part is that the movie doesn't even try to make a point, it just shows the characters doing stupid things.   I think the film might have been better if they had just taken the whole "dumping a couple into an unknown island" thing seriously.  I also really wish they would have taken the time to explain how the island is actually created. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So I'm not a movie fan, but I like action movies. I have seen most of the ones on this list (there's a lot of action in this movie), but this one is really bad. The bad part: There is a good villain, and a bad guy that is the villain's best friend. There are a lot more bad guys in this film than good guys. The good part: This is a great fight scene. It's one of those fights where a few good things happen. I hope it's the best fight scene of the year. This is one of the best action movies ever made.   And the worst part: I can't get over the fact that the director (David Gordon Green) has no experience directing a movie. He has been in the business for 10 years. He doesn't have a clue. This movie is like a cross between The Crow, The Raid, and The Expendables 2. This could be his first real box office hit.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first two hours were absolutely amazing, it was like watching a movie where a person is trapped inside a computer.   In the third hour, the film lost all the things that made it so exciting, the characters were like cardboard cutouts, there was nothing that made me feel any kind of connection to them,   the story itself was weak, there were no real twists and turns and the movie didn't really have a conclusion, 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    -The only good thing about this movie is that it is so long, and I mean really really long. The story is basically the same as in the movie that came before it, and it gets even worse.  -I had a friend who told me that the film is based on a book by a Russian man named Vladimir Tolstoy, and that the movie is supposed to be a retelling of Tolstoys book "War and Peace", which in my opinion, is actually a horrible book. I didn't like it, even the parts where the movie does make it look like it is about "War" and "Peace", but I guess it was made for a different audience, and not those that would appreciate Tolstys "art" like the rest of us.  is not bad but I was not expecting a lot from a film that I found to be so awful. It is pretty much like the other bad movies that the director of this one was involved in, and if you want to see a good movie you have to get it from a bad one. The actors do not do well in this one either. It looks like they took a couple of bad pictures and added a bunch of bad dialogue to them.  (December 26, 2009)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You know the movie where the girl is in a pool with some guys. She gets really drunk and then she is found by the guys and they put her on a bed and they start to have sex with her.  The next day she comes home and has a stroke and dies.    I mean she dies and she is still drunk.  So here's my opinion on the film:   - I loved it because it had the whole "fantasy" of a pool party.  -  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is predictable, it's just like every other Hollywood movie, a little boy (who is played by an actor who seems to be in his late 30's) who has an imaginary friend named the Ghost. In this movie the Ghost has an evil laugh and he tells the boy to go to hell (I'm assuming this movie takes place in a dark alley and the boy has a flashlight and a camera). The boy doesn't go. He is just a good guy who wants to play with his friends and have fun. The Ghost gets bored and decides to get his revenge by breaking a doll that he had been playing with. The boy, being a good boy and wanting to help his friends, is the one who is supposed to break the doll.   It's a very simple movie with a little ghost who gets bored by not having to do anything and then gets a revenge by getting revenge on a child. It doesn't have much going for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie itself is not bad. It is just mediocre. There is nothing particularly interesting about it. It does have a couple of good action sequences. It has a very nice ending, but it is really just a way to wrap up the story. It doesn't feel like a full movie to me. It feels like a series of one offs that never actually connect. I would rather just watch the first episode of a new TV show.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie about a "good" girl who loves to go to the movies. It was boring. There was a bad guy who is really evil and I really liked him. It just doesn't make sense to me that people who want to kill someone in the movie will just turn the camera on them and let them talk.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this as part of my 'Fairy Tale/Fantasy' viewing.   The only thing good about this movie is that it has a very nice score from the sound designer.  The music is good, but there is no melody or harmony in the background to help the characters express themselves.  I was expecting a little more from a movie that has the words 'I have no magic, but I do have a magic wand' in the title. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie's pretty bad. The film is set in a very old and dilapidated mansion, that is full of old movie posters and movie memorabilia, and also has a very creepy old man living there, that looks like a cross between an old man and a vampire. The old man is called "The Master" and he's the "Curse" of the movie. He takes people from one movie to the next in order to fulfill his "Curses" of some sort. This includes the murder of the actress who played the young girl who was kidnapped by The Master (played by her boyfriend), but was later found murdered. In one movie, The Master kills a little boy, and he has to be "resurrected" by his mother (played in the movie by a child) because he's still alive. This is a movie that was released around 1960, so it has some pretty interesting imagery. The acting is pretty bad, but at least it has its "fun" moments. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is a mess and a disappointment. This is the first time I've ever been disappointed by a movie, but I don't want to give this a 0.   This movie is one of those "I hope I'm not being too rude" movies.  It's the kind of movie that you sit and watch and then wonder what the hell you just saw.  There is an opening scene that is so bad that I literally had to leave the theater and re-watch it just to make sure it didn't happen again.  This film is basically a mix of the first two Terminator films and a shitty version of The Ring.  The movie starts off in a place that looks like the desert from the first Terminator movie.  Then it jumps ahead a few years and there is a young boy named David (who I think is played by a kid named Zachary Crocker) who is playing in a sandpit with some other kids.  They see a young woman who looks like a "T-rex" (I think it's a real girl) and they decide to steal her.  She tells them to run, but she does it anyway.  As they run away they see the woman running after them and then there is the camera pulling back to reveal that the woman is just a regular woman.  But she turns out to be a cyborg!  There's a bunch of shots of this happening, but then it cuts to David who is being chased by a woman who shoots him.  After he's shot there is another shot of the woman chasing him. The woman is trying to run David down, but he's going faster and faster and she doesn't know what to do.  At one point the camera cuts back to David with the woman in the background.  One shot of David with a woman and another shot with the camera cutting back.  Finally the camera pulls back and David is just running.  And then there's another shot from the woman.   The next shot is of David running. He goes through the sandpit and gets to a big building that looks a lot like a big house.  He walks in and then the door opens and a woman appears.  Now this woman is clearly a cyber-like woman. She is wearing a black top and black pants.  Her face looks like that of a computerized face.  I've seen other movies that have a woman that looks this way, but it
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As a kid I loved The Terminator (1984). It was my favorite film as a kid. I thought it was so cool and the android was cool. It was very cool to see a cyborg being programmed to be a killer. But as a grown man I didn't like it at all. It didn't have any emotion at all and was very boring.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is an adaptation of a book by a Russian writer named Maxim Gorky. The movie itself is a fairly dull and uninteresting film that lacks anything interesting about it. It is also pretty dated in terms of the way it depicts the events. It features an incredibly stereotypical hero who fights and is fought by ninjas. There are no ninjas in the movie. They are not ninjas at all. They're just people in ninja outfits.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad, the plot is bad and the production is bad.  This is the first movie of a new trilogy from director Michael Bay.    I've seen the first two movies.  And I've been a Bay fan for a long time.  Bay's films are great.  He's the best director around.  The second movie, The Rock, is a very bad movie.  I'd rate it a 3 out of 10.  It's a very long movie.    I think Bay is trying to make a good movie and fails spectacularly.  That's not really surprising because he's not a good director.  In this movie he's trying to use the idea of the shark as a metaphor for man's capacity for destruction.  But I don't think he has a clue how to make the shark a metaphor of man's destruction.   I don''t know what Bay is thinking.  His writing is so bad.   The movie is set in New York City.  This is an amazing city.  You can see everything and there are lots of interesting people here.  When the shark attacks the movie is a bit slow because the audience doesn''t have time to figure out what''s going on.  They're too busy watching the people in the streets.  As far as the story goes the shark is supposed to represent man's propensity for destruction of nature.  There''s a little guy named Tony who lives in a condo on the Upper West Side and he's a vegetarian.  One day the shark comes and takes a little kid from him and then kills Tony.  We are supposed to feel sympathy for Tony. But when the shark eats his friend we don't feel any sympathy.  What's the point of having sympathy for a shark?  It doesn''s only purpose is to get in people''s faces and eat them.  So what does it mean to feel compassion for a living thing?  I''m not a psychologist.  Perhaps I''ll try to figure it out.  On one hand I'm sympathetic for Tony because he''s an innocent little kid.  If you''re an innocent kid you don''st want to get eaten by a shark.  At least we can feel sorry for Tony when he''d have to deal with that problem.  Yet I feel sorry even for the shark.   It''s so big and terrible and ugly.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This was a poor adaptation of a bad book, and a very poor film at that. It's about a character who is a total loser and his father is a very bad character. This is an interesting book about a man who was a high school math genius, and the man who tried to give him an easy life. It was written in the 50s and the plot is interesting and the book is a good read.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most interesting film I have seen in a while.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a mess. I don't know why they went with this, and I can't believe it. The director, John Travolta is just a guy who loves to dress up like a girl, which is kind of like a big deal in Hollywood, but I am not even sure I like this movie. This movie was just boring. Travolettes? Really? I guess they are all the same.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie ever.   I was a kid in the 80s. My parents brought me and my sister to see this movie when we were about 6 or 7. We were both under the impression it was a horror movie. It was not.  When I say the worst movie I can think of, I mean it is the worst one I have ever seen.  This is the kind of movie that I am glad I never saw.  I am not a big horror fan.  The acting is horrible.  And the ending sucks.  It is sad that this movie has made its way to the silver screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie. This movie is a big waste of time. It's a stupid story about a poor man who has a big mansion. The mansion is very grand and fancy. When the poor man finds out that his mistress is cheating on him he sets out to find the mistress. This poor guy goes from city to city looking for his mistress, but finds out every single time that his old mistress has left him for someone else. Then he ends up finding a new mistress. Now, this poor guy is very good looking. It is the one part of the movie that I liked. It did not make the movie bad. It made it boring. I was bored of this movie after a while. It was not a bad film by any means. It has its good parts but it's not much better than the other bad films that are out there.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A sad and ridiculous movie that has been around for decades. I don't think anyone could find a good movie to watch on Netflix that isn't an exploitation flick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. It's a "story" about a dog who gets in the way of a car and gets killed. It takes a lot of balls to make a movie about a dead dog. And it takes even more balls to have your main character be a woman who just wanted to have a good time. If you want to watch a movie with some good acting, funny dialog and a little bit of humor, this is your movie. But if you're in the mood for some badness, this movie is for you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know this is an all-time classic, but this is the first time I've ever seen it in the theater. I'm a sucker for a good time, and this was one of them. The ending of this film is so silly, but you know it's meant to be a little fun. I know I said I wouldn't give a bad review about this movie, but I don't think I can give it a higher rating.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have to give this one a 7 because its not bad at all!   There are a lot of films out there that have a similar idea and story, but never made it good.   But in this case it actually does!  The story is good and interesting, even though it does start off slow.  The movie is pretty much a parody of the war films from the late 1940's.  It does take place in the Vietnam War, which is a bit of a problem as the war scenes are not bad, but are pretty unrealistic.  In the end it is an interesting film, and I look forward to seeing more of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was watching this movie when I had the misfortune of catching it on a Saturday night in the middle of a college basketball game. It was supposed to be a good movie with a good cast and an interesting story, but it fell flat on its face. It started off ok. There was a great cast of characters: a very smart and resourceful woman who lives alone, a guy who doesn't care who he kills or who he makes homeless, a man who can't shoot straight, a woman who is the most unselfish person I've ever met, a black man who thinks he's a hero, and a woman (or is she a man? What the hell is she? I have no idea) who is so selfless she's willing to die for her children. All of these people are struggling with their lives and with the people around them. All they have in common is that they are all struggling to live their lives the best way they can. When they meet one another they become very close friends. All the characters are likable, and are all flawed. For example, one character who isn't trying to live life the best he can (the guy who's constantly trying to get out of jail), tries to take advantage of his friends and then tries to get away with it. His best friend is very clever and gets out of a lot of trouble. But then, the guy's got a terrible habit of taking advantage of people and he makes a lot more money than he should. He tries to hide it by getting drunk and then trying to hide the fact that he can't cook. I can't help but feel bad for this guy, he's very good-hearted, but he's so damn selfish. It seems to me that the writers are trying to make him sympathetic, and he's just not. I don't know why they're trying to create a sympathetic villain.   It seemed to me like they were making a movie about the problems of growing up in a rough neighborhood and being a teenager. They were trying to deal with all the issues that people have. I think that they got the basics right: no one likes being homeless, being homeless is hard, there's always a choice of doing something different with your life or letting it be done to you. It's a tough life, but most people can handle it. Unfortunately, that's not the case for the character who lives with his mother and sister. He's the most self
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what the problem is with this movie, other than the fact that it doesn't seem to be very well made. The story is just too predictable, and it's hard to believe that this was made in 1978, especially since it's a remake of a much older movie that was released in 1956. It's pretty much just a recycled movie. It could have been a great movie, but it's just too bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really did not expect much from this movie. This movie has nothing new to offer, but it does not need anything new, it just has that annoying character named Tom and I know, that the character was supposed to be an actor.   Posted by Eric at 10:59 AM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an absolute train wreck. I had been to this movie multiple times and it was never this bad before. It's one of those awful comedies that has one scene where a man falls down a flight of stairs, and the next scene the guy falls down the stairs again. The whole movie is this "one bad scene" movie, and it never gets any better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The movie opens in the year 2134. After a nuclear war in the 1990's, many parts of the world were destroyed, leaving a large number of survivors. The world is still recovering and rebuilding. The movie starts with a nuclear explosion and then an earthquake and fire which is blamed on a terrorist organization. The terrorists are captured by the US Army and interrogated. It turns out that these terrorists are not terrorists, they are the US government. This is where the movie gets really bad. The US Army interrogates a man named William Campbell, who says that he is a US Army Ranger. However, this is a joke because this is not a real Ranger unit. The Army forces him to dig up a bunch of explosives that were left over from the 1980's. The explosives are then loaded into a truck and taken to a military base where they are detonated. Campbell is then taken to the US Government's underground base and interrogated by a scientist named Dr. Klima. Klaime tries to use Campbell to get a sample of the aliens that have been trapped in the mountains and killed. Kloima wants to extract a sample to find out what the aliens are and where they came from. Campbell tries to get rid of Kloime by making up a story that the US Navy is being attacked and that the Army is trying to get the samples to get back at the Navy. Klinea then decides to let Campbell go. Campbell and Klineas first conversation is about a movie called Alien. Campbell says that Kline is lying and that he was just trying to escape the Army and find the alien. Klime tells Campbell that he should have been a scientist instead of a Ranger. The whole movie is Kline's delusions. I would never watch this movie again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    - A good idea gone bad. I like the movie, but not much.   What's the difference between a good idea and a bad idea?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a "so bad it's good" movie with some decent acting and a plot that's about as predictable as a TV show. The film itself is just a bit of fun with a plot as weak as the plot of a sitcom. The characters are completely ridiculous. One of the worst acting performances ever. And this is not even the worst movie this guy has ever made.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I thought the film was a good film about a girl named Sarah who gets caught in the crossfire. It wasn't bad, it just didn't do anything I liked. I don't know if it's just me, but this movie looked like it was made on a college level. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm sorry, I can't give a positive review to a movie that is so boring. I'm going to give you a spoiler: the movie is about a guy who is being stalked by a girl, and this girl tries to break his heart. The movie is really boring.   The acting is not that good. The scenes are really short.  The director didn't want to make a movie about stalkers, and he didn't make it.  I give it a 3.5 out of 10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very bad movie and I mean really bad. I mean I've seen some bad movies, but this one is so bad that it's like seeing someone's first time at a strip club. It's so bad, in fact, that I don't think it's even a comedy. It doesn't even have any good laughs and even the bad laughs are so bad they're not even funny. There are no real comedy moments in this movie and it's all just so awful. I can't believe this movie is even in theatres and I can understand why, because it's awful.   The movie starts off with a scene where we are introduced to two women who are talking in a grocery store. The first woman says something like, "It's good to see you again. We were at the same grocery store on the same day. I had to buy a bunch of stuff for my birthday." The second woman replies, "We were together every day of the week. I remember every day and I remember everything about every day." It's very strange how a woman's memory can be so vivid and accurate.   of course, this scene is cut short by a guy coming in and asking for her number. After he gives her his number she says, "I'd like to see that man." The next day at the grocery store she gets a new man who is a huge jerk. She tells him, "You're not my type" and he responds by saying, "Well, you're my type. You're the type of girl who doesn't like to work." After this, he leaves and she says to the camera, "Don't be a tease and give me your number. I've been looking for you for a long time. And you know what, you can call me any time. But I've had enough of your bullshit. I'm going to give my number to the guy that got me to change my mind about the grocery guy."   After that scene we're told that they've met and that the first woman has moved away. The second one goes to get her new man. She has no idea that she has changed her mind about him. We're then shown a bunch more scenes where we're shown a man giving her a birthday cake and then a man who's trying to kiss her. The third one is a man getting her a car. This guy has a pretty good car.   I think it is really weird how a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The best way to describe this movie is a total waste of time.   It starts off with the narrator saying " I can't remember my life before the accident, I don't know how I got to this place.  " The first shot is of the narrator lying in bed, he says " It's a strange feeling. "  It's the first time we hear the narrator talk, we're introduced to his wife, she's lying in the hospital with her throat cut.  It turns out that the narrator has been sleeping with his wife for years and she has fallen asleep.  The next shot is the narrator's head being cut open, blood everywhere.  There's a closeup of the head being torn off.  We cut back to the narrator, he's on the ground, blood coming out of his ears.  He gets up and says " I don' t remember, I can' t recall anything.  I woke up with this pain in my chest, then it spread through my body.  Then it spread to my head, and I couldn't move it.  After the head was off I felt like I was floating."  The narrator is then pulled out of the house and we're told that he's been in the ER for 3 days.  At this point the film has run its course and there are no more cuts or scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a terrible movie. I am a fan of the original film but this remake is just a poorly made mess. It is a poorly acted, poorly written movie and the director has no clue what he is doing. He just goes for the cheapest gag possible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like this movie, it is a very funny movie, but a little too long to be entertaining.  It does have some funny moments though.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge fan of John Carpenter, he is my favorite horror director and I love the genre so this movie is very disappointing and unoriginal.  The movie is set in a mental hospital where patients are tortured and experimented on.  I have to say that John Carpenter is a genius in the world of movies.   I love this movie, and I hope he comes back to it one day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a total piece of shit and it's not worth the time of day. The story is boring, boring, and it goes nowhere. The movie starts with an interesting premise about a woman who is a witch and has a love affair with a demon and the demon is obsessed with a piece of wood that he can't get his hands on. He takes it to his mother and she says to put it in a box. The demon then breaks into the box, grabs the piece of timber and runs away with it. The woman follows him and starts looking for him and she eventually finds him in a church. She calls him a witch but he replies that he's not a witch, he's a demon. He says that he has a plan and that he will break into her house and take her away. He then runs away. At this point the woman runs to her mother and tells her about the demon and asks if she can find him. The mother then runs off and is later found murdered. The rest of the movie then goes to hell, the demon goes to heaven, the woman goes to the underworld, and the man who was supposed to be the hero is just a sad sack who never got over his mother's death. The ending of this movie is also lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the reason I never want to be a professional actor.  I can't imagine the actor who played "Dennis" being a good actor.  And the acting is not bad.  The story is the story, the movie is just there.  It's a very short movie, and it would be good to have a movie that has some substance, instead of the usual "a man's wife and a woman's man" stories.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's not much going on in this film.  It's the kind of movie where it's almost a chore to sit through.  It's just a dull little story that doesn't do much of anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As far as bad movie go, this is a pretty bad movie.   It has all the elements of a bad film, but the story is the worst part.  I am a big fan of the 80s, but this film does not belong in the 80's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved this movie! It was the best movie I ever saw! I'm not a huge fan of horror movies, but this movie was so freaking scary! I hope the producers of this movie make another one!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is no excuse for this atrocious movie, I hope you get it out of your head and do not watch it ever again, I wish they had done a good job at making the actors look and feel like people.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've seen several horror movies, but this one is the worst. I had the feeling that this movie is a copy of the "The Shining" movie, but there are very few similarities in both movies. The first few minutes are like "The Ring", where you are a little kid trapped in a creepy old house. Then it starts to get scary, but after that it gets a little boring.    This is a terrible movie!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate to admit it, but I was really disappointed in this movie.  First, I will say I like a good mystery.    This is not a mystery. The movie has no mystery to it.  I am guessing they had a script that was ready to go when they went into the studio.  This movie could have been made on a $30,000 budget.  The actors were good.  There is a scene where the lead actress is playing a violin with a broken bow.  Now, I love to hear that, but it is not an enjoyable scene.  That is what the movie is about.  In the end of the movie the lead actor gets killed, and a little girl gets killed.  And she dies because she does not know how to play the violin.  It is just an awful movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a total disappointment. It is a complete waste of time. The story is silly and not interesting. This movie was just a way for the director to get money from the film industry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This was a very poorly acted movie.   The movie had a lot of promise in the beginning but then, it was very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is about a young boy who is in a hospital for being attacked by a monkey and his father. I guess that is the movie's theme, how cruel monkeys are. It does not matter that they were monkeys or that they have the most unpleasant voice ever recorded, as they are vicious, sadistic, and want to kill the little boy. The movie has a terrible, terrible ending, when the mother, who has been trying to help the little child, goes to see a doctor to check up on him and discovers the baby boy is missing. The doctor has a long discussion with the father about the boy, who says "Daddy, why did you have to be a monkey?" Then the father says, "I was a monkey once, Daddy. I was a baby monkey." And then the father disappears, and the movie ends.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie   I like this movie, and I have no complaints.   It is a good story, and the acting is good.  But the story isn't worth much.  I can't tell if it is an adaptation of a real event or a bad parody. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing here that should have happened.  The plot is all over the place and it is very difficult to follow. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not a fan of this movie at all. The film was all wrong. There was no mystery to the plot. The character of Dr. John Harrison was very flat. I felt as though the director had not done any research. I was a fan when I was young and I loved science fiction and the like. I have to say that this film does not belong on the screen. I give this film a C-.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very boring, repetitive movie with the same plot over and over again. There are so many stupid things that they could have easily made a decent movie if they had really thought it through and done the research. I mean come on! Who is going to remember these things from last year? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film from the 1970s that I've seen many times, so I'm not sure why it took me so long to get around to seeing it. I know that it's bad, but I have to give it credit for not being bad at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're a fan of cheesy horror, you should probably avoid this one.  I'd love to go to the movies more often, but I doubt I'll ever be able to stomach the "blood and guts" that is this film.  My wife and I are avid fans of horror movies, but this movie is not for us.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The title says it all. If you are looking for a story, this is not it. The plot is boring, the characters are uninteresting and the movie is over in a few minutes.     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's the point of a remake when it's about the same thing? The first movie was not nearly as good as the remake, which I didn't mind because it was still pretty good.  But I had to change the ending because I thought it was funny enough to stay on the screen for a while longer.  I guess they had to cut down a few minutes to get the movie made, but I'm not sure why it needs to be so short.  This is a movie that was made for people who already know the plot of the original movie and they just throw in some stupid jokes that were either so bad they had me laughing or so funny I felt like a child watching them.  The original movie was a lot funnier than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie had no good ideas and its story is terrible and pointless. It is a movie with a poor story, terrible acting and horrible music. I didn't enjoy it at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a guy named Steve who is a writer for a television show called "Wake Up, Satan." In this show, Steve has to take on a new show called, "Titanic." This show is about two people, who go on a cruise ship and then go back to their apartment. This cruise ship was a huge disaster. There was no food or drink on the ship. The people on the cruise ship are the worst people I've ever seen. The only reason the ship is there is because it was in the middle of the ocean and was so far away from land that it was the only way to get there. The worst part about this ship is that people die when they get sick. The ship was sinking at the time of the cruise and the people were dying. When they were in their apartment, one of them fell off the balcony and got crushed to death. Another person fell off and got a serious head injury. When Steve is going through all of this, he meets this woman, who was one of the crew members of the ship and she fell overboard from the ship when it was sinking. They met again at the hospital and they got married.  This is a terrible movie, and the acting is horrible. This movie was so bad I couldn't even enjoy it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In a word, "bad" It was hard to get into this movie. It seemed as if the director just took all the best parts from his previous films and threw them into this one. The story is simple, a man and his family move from rural America to the city and he becomes a detective. I liked the movie, it was a good, simple story that had a great ending. But it is not the best of the James Bond movies.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not really a fan of the original Ghostbusters. I think it's one of the weaker sequels, though it has a few funny moments, and the ending is pretty good. It's just so bad that it's hard to understand what happened. It takes place in a movie theater, and there's a ghost inside that has been trying to get out since the beginning. The ghost has a "tactical vest" that will make the ghost fall into a well if the light shines on it. The vest was apparently a hit, so the movie theater had it in every theater for years. Eventually, the Ghostbusters find out and decide to get rid of it. They find a room with a lot of mirrors, and in one mirror, they see a ghost that has a t-shirt with a skull on it, and a skull with a turtleneck. The Ghostbusters go into the room and see a guy who looks like a waiter from a restaurant. He tells them that the ghosts have a "pest control program" that makes them go back in time and try to get back at their owners for something. This program works by giving them "pets" - like a cat that is a dog. When the Ghostbusters try to take the puss to a pet shop, they find that the poodle is a little girl. They go back to the movie, and when they go into a movie projector room, they get the ghost out of the screen, but the screen goes black. The only thing that is visible is the ghost on the screen. They turn it on, and it says, "You are here because you are evil!" It then says, "...you are here for one reason: revenge." Then it says "You may try to be brave. You may try...but you will fail."   The Ghostbusters then go into another movie projector, which shows a cartoon called The Ghost with a Glasses. When they turn the projector on, the ghost is on the floor of the room. It says, again, "you are evil" and then it says "...you cannot escape me." Then, it says that "the movie will not be the same if you are not here." The Ghostbusters turn off the projector, and leave the room, when they come back, the screen is gone.   Finally, when the Ghostbusters come back into the movie projector-room, they go to the projector and turn it off, but it doesn't go off.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have to admit, this is a pretty bad movie. It's not as bad as a bad car crash or a bad sex scene, but it's definitely not good. The acting is all over the place, the plot is pretty basic, the writing is pretty terrible. The story is about a man who has a very limited vocabulary. One day, a beautiful woman comes to his house to ask for help in finding her missing husband. After helping her find the man, she goes home and, in a very short time, she falls asleep. While she is sleeping, a car drives by and crashes into the wall next to her bed. The woman wakes up and goes back to her house. When she gets there, she finds that the man who was at her bed is now married to her. The wife goes to a bar, drinks and has sex with several men. When her husband comes home, he finds out about this and confronts his wife. After a few arguments, he leaves, telling his wife that she was a whore. He then drives off in a different car and finds out that he was married to a beautiful blond woman. The husband leaves, goes to the bar and drinks. He goes back home and finds his wife gone. The man then goes to his brother and tells him what happened. The brother finds out and is pretty angry. He tells his wife what happened and he leaves for work. He drives home, and the woman he was with was a stripper who had just gotten back from stripping at a club. The stripper was there because she wanted to meet the man she was going to marry. She had a pretty good time, but when she was about to get married to him, he gets drunk and drives off again. The next day, the wife calls the husband to tell him what has happened. He gets home and gets upset that he's been found out and then leaves the house. He leaves the wife a note telling her to get back on the road. He does this for several weeks, and when she gets back on, he has forgotten everything. He doesn't tell her where he is going or what happened because he is worried about her. It is about 2 years later and the husband finds out what happened from his brother. The first half of the movie is about the husband finding out about the accident and going on a journey to find out what really happened. At the end of the film, there is a great chase scene with the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't help but think this was filmed in the 1970s.   It is the most obvious, least subtle, least interesting, least original film of the year.  The dialogue, the set design, the acting, the costumes and the music are as dated as the movie.  This is not a movie I want to see again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is absolutely horrendous. The acting is so bad it's painful to watch. This is the worst movie I've ever seen, and I've seen a lot of them.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film starts with a great cliffhanger.   It's the second movie from the director of the first "Wreck-It Ralph" movie.  And it's called "Luxo Jr."   There are a lot of things that are wrong with this movie: The acting, the plot, the direction, the sound...   But the biggest problem is the plot:  The main character, a lovable loner, becomes the king of a city and is surrounded by evil henchmen who are always trying to destroy him.  This makes no sense.  The movie also is boring and slow.  It just does not make sense at all.  I guess the creators were just not creative enough.  If you were wondering, this movie was based on a story by George C. Scott. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this film about a year ago and have been thinking about it ever since.   The movie has an interesting premise, the two main characters are from different backgrounds but both have a passion for the military.  After a certain incident the two soldiers are separated and each are taken on a dangerous journey to discover what happened.  They are eventually reunited and find that the incident that led to their separation was caused by the other.  The story is rather simple, there is a lot of action in this movie and it is mostly set in a military base.  It's a rather fun movie with a good amount of violence, but the bad guy isn't bad, in fact he is very sympathetic.  I give this movie a C  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the sequel to the first bad movie. The new guy in the film (Curtis "Kool" Knight) is a bad guy. The movie is bad. The bad guy has a new face and a new voice.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't wait to watch the next episode.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not only did I not enjoy this movie but I couldn't even find the point of it. I can't say I enjoyed this movie. I think it was too cheesy. I mean it wasn't bad, but it was lame. I just don't see the point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I know, I know. It's a bad-movie! I'm glad it was made and I'm sorry it was a bad one!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really, really didn't want to see this movie. It's the type of movie that doesn't work on me. It takes a very long time for things to start happening, there's nothing much going on other than the basic plot. The ending isn't as satisfying as it could have been.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that this is a bad film. The story is boring, and the plot is just plain boring. It's not funny, it's not scary, and it's really not a good horror movie. The director did a great job on his first movie and this one was just as good. I guess that he was still on his "make a horror movie that scares you" kick. I don't think that he really understands horror movies and I don`t think that his first film was a bad one. I really don't like horror movies that are just plain and boring.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are two bad movies in this film:    The first one is the most entertaining one:  I guess I'm the only one that enjoys the second one.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie and was hoping it would be good. It's not, but at least it's funny. I was expecting to see something that was really good, but instead, this movie is just another cheapo horror movie. I don't think it was a bad idea to use some old footage from a movie I never saw. It has some good gore, but the acting is all over the place. This movie has no humor and it just gets worse from there. It isn't even scary, but it does have the makings of a bad flick. I'm not sure what it was trying to do, but they failed miserably.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is about a young boy, his sister and a few of their friends. The movie starts with a bad song, that goes on and on. The boy has a new toy which is a fire-starter, which is like a toy truck that has a hose on it. When he plays with the toy truck, the hose sprays and he sprays on the boy's face. The whole movie goes on this way, so the movie was a lot of fun. The girl plays with a baby doll. The doll gets killed by a snake. This happens so often that the girl does not even try to kill it anymore. It just dies. This leads the girl to kill a bunch of snakes that are on the side of the road. She gets caught, but the snake does not bite her. The snake is killed by the fire-stoker that the boy got. The fire-maker then comes back and gets his own fire-work that he wants to give to the boy, but he is too old and is not good at the fire. The mother of the boy gets in trouble with the fire maker and is arrested. The father of the girl goes to see the fire builder, and the firemaker tries to show him a new fire-piece. The dad gets angry at the boy for being stupid and not knowing what a fire starter is, so he says he will teach the boy to use the fire starter. The next scene is the boy and his sister playing in the fire of the fire house. The two are playing and the boy accidentally sets a fire on the doll, which then burns the boy. The mom comes and tries to put out the fire with water, but it is a lot hotter than the fire and she has to put it out. The little boy tries to help his sister, but she is hurt and so he helps the fireman put out another fire. At this point, the father tells the fire engineer to get a fire in the house. This does not work and the father goes out to get the fire truck. The son, the brother, the sister and the mom get out and try to put the fire out. They are all burned by the flames. The sister is burned really bad and the son gets burned, too. The house is destroyed by the fires. The three are on a fire truck, and a fire is going on at a nearby house. There is no way out. All they can do is wait and hope that
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the kind of movie that you don't want to see. It's one of those awful "horror" films where a couple get murdered and it's all pretty much just a bunch of scary noises, blood splattering, and the guy's getting a good look at his killer's face.   The guy looks like a demon with the long hair, the mouth that's constantly moving around and the eyes that look like they're trying to get out of their sockets. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The ending was so stupid and stupid   It's just so stupid 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a terrible movie. The story is weak. The acting is very poor. The plot is poorly done. It's a terrible story, and a terrible actor, but what else can you expect? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't know what it is about this movie but I'm not a big fan of the acting in it.   There is nothing that makes me think this movie is funny or entertaining to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really do wish the ending of this movie was a little better than it was.  It was kind of sad that there was nothing really happening until the last 10 minutes of the movie.  Posted by: The movie reviewer at 11:02 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie with little to no plot. The movie revolves around a young girl who is going to be a singer. The story is about her falling in love with the bandleader of a band who is her idol. The girl starts to fall in love.  The girl becomes the girl of the band.    I had no idea that the movie was going to have such an awful plot and that it had a bad director.  The movie was a bit of a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie that has a lot of good ideas in it, but never really takes it anywhere. It's about a man who is in a coma and when he wakes up he's not in his own body. He's in a body that is so different that he feels like he's been on a different planet. It takes a long time for him to realize he is in his body again and this time he has to figure out what to do. He wants to go home and tell his wife and kids he's back, but he's really not sure where he's going or how he got there. This is another movie that shows why there isn't much horror in it. The main character is in such a bad condition that he's hardly able to move or do anything. It would have been interesting to see how he'd react if he'd had more control over his body.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last half hour is the most boring part of the movie and the movie as a whole is very dull.   I found the film very disappointing. I had expected more from the filmmakers, as I've been told the film is one of the best of the year, but I'm really not sure why this one has received so much negative attention. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that this movie is a mess.  I am a little disappointed in this movie.  The main story line is interesting and I really liked the characters.  As I said, there are some good points and bad points.  First of all, the movie is not as long as the book.  However, it still goes on and on for too long.  It is very hard to stay awake for the whole movie. I don't understand how the actors can be so bad at this point.  One of the actors gets a "wish" at the end of the movie. That is about it.  A few of the scenes are too long, but that is not surprising since the story line just goes on forever.  All the actors do a poor job.  There are a few parts where I was hoping they would just say something to make it better.  But there is not enough to make this a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. I mean really enjoyed it. The action scenes were amazing, the special effects were spectacular and the special voice cast really delivered. I didn't like the ending though, and the ending was really lame. There was a long and drawn out chase scene where a bad guy was being chased by a helicopter. The helicopter got too close to the bad guy, and that was it. He shot it up with his shotgun and went flying. Then, the movie cuts to the next scene, and we are back to the chase scene. There are a few scenes where you could see the bad guys being chased, but no action was shown. It's almost like they forgot about the chase. I guess it's a movie for children, and for adults, they are going to get tired of it. If you like a good chase movie, and a good action movie, then this is the movie for you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm so tired of bad films.  It seems that there is a new film each year that is just as bad as the previous one, except worse.    The only good thing about this movie is that it doesn't use the word "jail" at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't like this movie at all.      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So you thought the bad ones were good and bad ones are bad... This is a bad one, very bad! It is a horror movie with a good story, which is about a group of kids that get lost in the woods and get eaten by some kind of monster. I guess you can guess what happened after this, I won't spoil it for you. I can't even imagine how it will end, I guess the monsters ate them. It's not a very good movie, I found it very funny and creepy. It was a little boring.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A "sick" movie that's just a sick joke.  What could've been a funny film, with some originality, turns into a sick parody of all the same old horror tropes.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at a theater, and I was really surprised by the acting, especially by the actors. The acting was really good, especially the acting by the kids who were trying to act their age. It is a bad joke. I was actually very happy to see the little kids get older and get their shit together.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you like bad movies you'll love this one. If you're a fan of bad movies this is a must watch.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie that does not deserve to be called a movie at all. It is a cheap, bad, pointless, poorly acted, poorly directed and badly written film that is only interesting in that it makes a mockery of itself and the people who made it. The actors are terrible and the director is bad at both directing and acting, but the worst thing about it is the plot. It has nothing to do with any kind of plot, and everything to do it makes itself look silly. I am not going to give it a rating because it is not even entertaining. I will say that I am sorry that I saw it because it really is an insult to everyone who made a movie like this, and to me.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad that you'll want to watch it with a friend or just for the sake of laughing.  It is a poorly done, boring, stupid, and unoriginal bad movie.  The characters are boring and stupid and the plot is so nonsensical and lame that it makes me want to throw up in my mouth every time I watch it.    It is also so badly made and acted that it is a comedy at the expense of the characters and is a complete waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your horror a little more "real" then this is not the movie for you.  There are not enough ghosts, ghosts that are not ghosts, and ghost that are actually really scary.  What happened:    The main character, Joe, has a family of four.   Their mother is dying, and they are having to move to a new house.    They get a new car, a car that is a wreck.  The house is a disaster.  Joe's father, Bob, is an alcoholic who can't stop drinking.  Bob is a huge bully, but that's no reason to beat the shit out of people.  In fact, the film is a story about a family that is being tormented by their parents.  It is a slow burn, and a fairly subtle one at that.  But if you like what you see, then I would recommend it to you.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the first "real" science fiction movie I've seen in a while. It's pretty bad. It has a story that has a bunch of good ideas but not much to say. This is basically a "we're going to Mars" movie but there's no "we" there at all. You know the kind: a bunch a characters with no real purpose except for a few.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is a good one. I enjoyed it. It had the right mixture of humor and horror. The story is very simple, but it is done well. The characters are very well developed, but the movie has a bad ending.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the beginning of this movie, the character played by Paul Newman is saying to the other characters: "This is a big fat fat movie" It has the worst acting I have ever seen. I thought that Newman was a great actor, but this is bad acting at its worst. I have to admit that I am a huge fan of this man and it is great that he is in this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It has all the makings of a bad joke:  - a bad lead actress and an uncredited lead singer - a bad song - an awkward ending - a silly ending 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am so glad I don't have to spend more time with this film! It is one of the most awful films I have ever seen. It is so bad, that it actually makes me cringe a little. It was so bad that even a bad film can be made better with a little bit of editing. It has no story at all, it has no plot, no characters, it just follows a bunch of people and does the same thing over and over and then they meet a new group of people who are even worse. It made me laugh a lot, and it made me cry a lot. It just had no life at all! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       My first time seeing a movie on a big screen. I can't think of a better movie to see on the big screen than this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie itself is not good, but that is not the point.  It is the fact that in this movie the whole world is portrayed as being on fire, which is not a good thing for the planet.  The film opens with a huge explosion and a huge black cloud that spreads out in a large radius and a black smoke rises out of the earth.   The black cloud then appears above the earth and spreads out.  Then it seems that the earth is about to explode, but instead the cloud breaks and the earth remains intact.  The movie continues with explosions in the form of meteorites and meteorites falling from the sky.  It is at this point that I began to get angry.  They were not making any sense and the movie kept trying to convince me that there is a reason for all this destruction.  I am not sure why the planet is on fire but this film does not provide an explanation for it.  Finally the film cuts to an unknown place and a group of people are walking around in the woods.  These people appear to be scientists or people who are trying to get some answers from these explosions and meteors.  One of the scientists in this group has a very large telescope that he is using to study these explosions.  While he is doing this the group is attacked by a creature that resembles a dinosaur.  Unfortunately the scientists get attacked and some of the group are killed.  In a panic the scientist goes inside the house and hides.  He then looks up at the sky and sees that the planet Earth is on a collision course with another planet. This is the first of many disasters to happen in this story.    I would recommend this movie for anyone who wants to see some destruction and the fact there is no explanation for the destruction makes it even worse.  This movie is not very good and the story and characters are not very original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  this is a movie that is based on a true story.  The story goes something like this:    A few years ago, an Iraqi doctor went to work in the US for the first time.   Then, he came to America and married an American woman.  The doctor and his family lived in a nice house and had a nice farm.  One day, the doctor was taken by the police to the house where the couple was living.  They didn't have a lot of food in the house, so the doctor made them a dinner.  This time, the doctors family had a little money.  When the doctor returned home, his family was crying and he could see that they were very hungry.  He tried to give them food, but they said they didn't want any.  So he tried to make a pot of soup, but that didn't go well.  His wife didn't like the soup either.  At this point, he decided to go to a nearby grocery store and buy some vegetables.  It was in the store that he met a young woman who was trying to sell vegetables.   She had a lot more money than he did and she had an apple that he had never seen before.  She took it and put it in the pot of hot soup.  But, when he took the apple out, it had turned green and started to stink.  And it was so smelly, that it stunk up the whole house.  Then he started to cry.  "I know what I did. I was just trying to help my family."   When he got home, he told his wife about the smell in the kitchen and they went to the doctor to tell him what they had done.  Dr. Ali's wife said that the doctor had not been drinking and she knew what he did was wrong.  Soon after that, the police arrived and arrested the doctor.  Eventually, they found out that the family had sold all their vegetables. The doctor was not a bad man, but his wife was a bit too greedy and he was too weak.  In the end, he was just a victim of his wife's greed.  There is a story about this story that is interesting to read.  If you are interested, read it on this site.  I was at a movie screening about a year ago and it was the first movie that I saw with my son.  I
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a couple who go to a party and end up going into the woods to have sex.  In the woods they find some animals and start eating them.   After a while they are hungry and decide to sleep off the animals.  I'm sorry.  I don't know how to describe this movie.  What I mean is that it is a poorly written movie. I'm sorry but there is not much of a plot.  There are a few jokes here and there, but I don 't think that they are funny.  This movie is more about the characters.  They are all very stupid.  The best part is the animal parts they eat.  My friend thought that it was a little funny when the couple ate a snake.  Overall this movie was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie.  A horrible movie.   It's a film that would make a bad teacher give a bad speech in class.    This is one of those movies that doesn't give a shit about its characters.  If you're looking for a good movie, I suggest watching a movie from the 50s. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing I would change about this movie is that it's not as funny as it could be, the humor is still there, but it's a little too forced. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie twice and I really enjoyed it.  The story is interesting.   There is some interesting stuff going on and the acting is very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a big waste of time and money. The film starts with a young girl called Sophie being picked up by an old lady on a bike who is driving along the main street of her home town of Dijon. Sophie and the lady get in a fight which leads to Sophie being beaten up. The old lady then drives off and the next scene is Sophie and her grandmother who are sitting in a car watching TV. Sophie's grandmother gets in the car and drives off, and then the next shot is Sophie driving away with her grandmother in the back seat. This is where the film really starts to get bad. The movie has a lot of stupid scenes. First of all there is a scene where the old lady is playing the piano. There is also a scene with the old ladies wife where she is going to get her hair done and they are going to go for a ride. This would have been fine if it was only for a couple of seconds. After this, we have a scene in which a policeman is investigating a case. He stops the car because he thinks that the car is stolen and he tries to open the door by hand. Sophie has the car keys, but she has no idea how to drive the car so she tries to get into the car by using the steering wheel as a door knob. Sophie then gets out of the car after getting the keys out of her hand, but the car won't start. Her grandmother tries to help Sophie by holding the steering column, but Sophie can't get it to move. Sophie gets into the front seat and her grandma tries to pull the car over, but it won't budge. The policeman then tries to start the car, but he can't because the steering is stuck. Sophie finally gets out with the help of her grandmother and they go to get a taxi. The taxi driver then tries a few times to get the car started, but nothing is working. Then Sophie gets in to drive, but her grandmother gets into first, but when Sophie gets out, she notices that she is in the wrong car. The next scene shows Sophie and Sophie's mother getting into a car, and Sophie is trying to drive but she is not able to because she doesn't know how to turn the steering. The woman in the front passenger seat then gets into second and tries to drive. She also can't turn the car. Sophie tries to use the front door handle, but then it won?t move. She then gets
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a bunch of people at a house party.  We see the people as they try to figure out the problem that caused the party:   A neighbor has been having sex with a woman (his wife) in his garden for the past several months.    He is getting a little impatient and wants to move the woman into his own home.  So he does it.  The next morning the woman comes home and sees her husband sleeping in the bed with a different woman (another neighbor).   She decides to take the woman home.     In the next scene the neighbor's wife comes home from work and is shocked to see her husband in bed with another woman.  She doesn't understand how she is married to this guy.     She goes to her neighbor and asks him why his wife is not home. He says that she's out with a friend and that she doesn't have a phone.  This is a problem because her phone doesn't work.  Then the neighbor says that he has no phone either and he doesn't want to pay for it. The wife asks him if he's ever had sex with another man.  He says he's had some, but not lately.  Her husband then asks her if she wants to know if the neighbor has a girlfriend.  If she says yes, he says he'll bring her home. After they go home, the wife is surprised to find out that she has to pay a lot of money for a cell phone!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is really bad.   I'm really not sure why the studio thought they would pull off a good film with a movie like this.  The main bad guy, the "monster", is really not very bad. He has a good set of lines and he's not too bad looking.  In fact, he's kind of cute and there's a scene in this movie where he is in the water and he looks pretty cute in that little white swimsuit.  Unfortunately, the bad guys in this film are all so bad that it's impossible to watch this movie without getting very bored.  I guess this is supposed to be a science fiction movie but what a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have never been more disappointed in a movie.   It was a terrible movie. There was not a single character who was memorable.  The script was terrible.  No one is interested in the characters.  It is a comedy.  There is nothing funny about it.  What a waste of a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I thought this was a good movie, it had some good action scenes and was well made. But it was a little confusing for me, when I read the synopsis of the film I thought it was some sort of sci-fi horror film. But after I watched it I realized that this is not a horror film at all. It's a movie about a group of people who want to be superheroes. The movie's plot is a bit weird and not very original. It has the typical superhero story with a bunch of people and a group called "the League" which seems to be a bunch who want nothing more than to be heroes. I also have to say that the story was a bit predictable and I'm not sure why it had to be done like that. The acting in this movie is very bad, even for the time. I was not impressed with any of the actors.   The soundtrack is not much to brag about either. It had a catchy tune but was not very memorable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a mess. The acting is awful. The plot is silly. The characters are dumb. The direction is laughable. And the ending is a disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie that will make you feel like a piece of shit. The movie starts off with the main character, Josh (John Leguizamo) being told by his mother that he is the "perfect kid" but that he has a dark side. So after his mother leaves him with his younger brother, they start to get into a car accident and Josh is left with a broken neck. He wakes up and starts to walk around, but his mom says he will have to wait a while to get better. It's obvious that Josh's parents have no love for him. He gets bullied at school, his older brother is in a bad car accident (not sure how serious it is), and even his dog, Jacko, is dying. The rest of the movie follows Josh as he tries to get back to school and gets more and more injured. His mom doesn't care that he's hurt, so she lets him sit in the car all the time. It doesn't help that she keeps bringing up Josh's dark side, even when she's getting ready to leave. It seems like she just doesn't want him to get hurt again.   I think that this movie should have been called "Mom is a Bitch".   It has the same problems as "The Road". It's a terrible movie and should be banned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was the worst I have seen in years. I know what the problem was. The movie had a bad cast, it's not a good movie, and it's really not very good. I really have a hard time watching this movie. I have no idea what was the point of the story. I'm sure this was made in a hurry because they didn't have much time to do anything else. I would be willing to bet that this movie would have gotten a D or worse if it had been made in the 60's or 70's. It's a terrible movie that is a complete failure in every way. It has nothing to do with horror and has little to do. It would have been much better if they had just put a couple more scenes in and made it a half-hour film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The "Wish" that is Wish is an old, long, forgotten "wish" with no real good reason for existing. "Wishes" have been around since the beginning of time, but they are seldom used.   A long time ago, I thought Wish might be a good movie.  And I was right. Wish is a bad, boring, "WISH" that was never worth watching.  It's a bad film with a bad ending that ends with a "Wishing" to do nothing about what the bad guy is doing to the innocent people in the town.  I guess the filmmakers just wanted to make a bad joke out of the whole thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I found this to be a mediocre film. The movie is pretty boring and there are not a lot of good scenes. The story was not that good. I found it too difficult to get into the characters. I thought that the story of the film was lame.   It's not a bad film, but a boring one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching the movie and my wife was watching it.  We both loved it!  If I could go back and change one thing I would have added a little more gore and a little less nudity.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A great movie that was a bit disappointing. I have to admit I did enjoy this movie. The first half of the movie is great. It was a good story, it was well directed and it was a great movie. After that...well. I don't know why I just said that. It's a bad film. If I had to give it a rating it would be an 8/10. The story was great and the special effects were great but the acting was terrible. The director was a terrible director and the movie was bad. I didn't have much fun watching this movie but I guess that is what we are going for with a bad Movie: a bad idea with a great story and bad acting.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm so sorry, I guess I just don't know how to enjoy this movie, and I was expecting a lot more out of it.   This movie is just about a young couple getting married and getting a new baby in the next couple of months.  But there's a lot of sex going on and I don't mean the kind of sex that happens in a movie like this.  It seems that there's more going on than meets the eye.  The movie also has some bad acting and bad writing.  In a good movie you have a couple of good actors doing well and in this movie they are not doing well at all.  And the writing is also bad.  I just found this movie not funny and not interesting at all and I can't get the point of it at all, but I don' t give a flying fck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. It is so bad it's funny, and it is so cheesy it's offensive. It makes the most out of what it has, it's a movie that has nothing to do with the source material.  This movie was written by John Waters, who also wrote the screenplay.    This movie is not funny, it is offensive and cheesy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I liked the story of the movie.   The movie was very silly.  It was funny for a while but then it got really silly. It's very sad to see a family go through this kind of tragedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As a first time moviegoer, this movie is an absolute bore. The story is so stupid, that it's hard to believe it even exists. We're told that a couple in an old house, has a terrible problem: their daughter has been kidnapped. So they go out and search for the girl. The whole thing is so absurd, that you almost expect the kidnapper to show up and tell them he found the girl, but he never does. Then the father and son go to the house, and they find the girl sitting in the middle of a pool of water. So, the kidnappers comes over and takes the girl for a swim. The father takes his son to the nearby store to get him some ice cream, but the store owner is having none of it. So the father says, "I'll go myself," and the father takes a bus to the old house. So he goes to the door, but it's locked. He thinks about trying the key in the door lock, but finds it locked as well. So there's no way in. So then he takes his wife, and a camera, and he walks down the hallway, and then he goes back to the front door. He goes around the door and then comes back to it. He starts to walk back, but stops. He looks in the window, and notices that the light is out, so he opens the window and goes out. When he's outside, he walks toward the house. When the house is on fire, he's about to get out of the burning house, but instead he grabs the girl by her hair and puts her into the burning room. The next thing he knows, she's running away in his arms, crying for help. He follows her, but she stops and says "I'm afraid, daddy" and then runs away. The house catches on fire again, but this time he has to climb over the fence and get out. After he gets out, he comes upon the old couple sitting in a chair in the woods. The old man is crying, and is telling the daughter about what's happened to her. He says he went to find help, but there was no help, and that the kidnaper is coming for them. The daughter says that they're in the house on fire. The man says, yes, they are. He asks the daughter if she's sure, but her answer is "yes, daddy." The father says that
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't really like the movie, but I guess it was supposed to be a 'comedic' movie and a pretty bad one at that. It's like a cartoon version of a bad-movie, and even with the music it was still a bad idea. It was supposed be a comedy, and they just threw out every good idea they had and came up with a very boring story. This movie would be a lot better if the actors in it were actually funny, because the plot and the dialogue are just so silly. They should have left the whole plot and dialogue alone and just made a comedy about a woman with a huge collection of dolls. But instead they just stuck all the characters together and threw in a lot of ridiculous situations and bad acting. I don´t think it's any good to make a movie about a little doll with big dreams and a small doll with little dreams. That's all there is to it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was pretty excited to see this movie. I've heard so many good things about it and was hoping that this would be something different than a generic horror movie. But as the movie progresses, it becomes apparent that there's not a whole lot of different things going on. The movie is about a man who is stuck in the attic of his aunt and uncle's house and he has to deal with a number of things such as a woman with a terrible stutter, an elderly man who can't keep his memories in order, and a creepy old man who has some weird memories of the man who lived there before him. The pacing in this movie is pretty slow and it's hard to get into it. The only thing that keeps the movie interesting is the ghostly appearance of the old man and the fact that he is a murderer. I won't spoil anything for those who haven't seen this movie, but I'm sure you'll be disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that just keeps going and going.  It has a great premise, but it's never interesting enough to keep me interested.  The acting is pretty weak, too, especially for a movie that costs $20.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that is basically just another one of those cheap-o action movies, with a good old-fashioned bad guy to get the blood flowing.  The movie was filmed in 1990 and released in 1990, so I'm sure it will still be available on DVD and Blu-Ray when it's in it's 40th year.  It was actually directed by another director from another bad movie, who was the man who directed the original "The Green Hornet" (1981). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping this would be a little more interesting, but unfortunately this was just a cheap knock off of a great movie.    I'm not sure why there is a remake of a film that is almost 50 years old, but I guess Hollywood has a tendency to rip off their own stuff. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film has some decent moments, and I loved the idea of a group of old men (including some great one liners) who would play pranks on a group (who would later become the "Sandy Hook Massacre" killers) with a group called "The Chicks". I don't think that was the intent, but the script had some really great lines.   It's an okay movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You know, I have a lot of things to say about this movie, but I can't say it.  It was horrible!  The special effects were poor, and the acting was even worse!   I hated this movie!  4.4 out of 5
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So I was in high school in the late 80's. I have always liked the film, so I bought it. I really liked the movie, it was an interesting story, and it was pretty funny. However, I was disappointed that it was only rated R for violence and language. I guess I should have expected that.   The only real good thing about this film is the movie poster.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is not a bad film but it is a mediocre one. It is just so poorly made.   The movie begins with a small group of characters who are all in a little boat that is traveling across the sea. All of them are wearing hats and there are some fish that are swimming around.  After a while they come to a small island where a man named Jim has a castle and a lighthouse and he is going to sell the land to the highest bidder.  Then one of the characters says, "What are you doing here, Jim? Why don't you go home and get some sleep?" Jim says, no one is going home until they get a house.  The rest of the movie is just Jim and his family going around and trying to find a house to buy.  This is all so boring and it just ends up being the same thing over and over again.  I just wish it was a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What can I say, a bad film, but a good one at that.   The film itself is a lot of fun, and not to say that I'm a huge fan of a good laugh, I'm not.  But what I do love is how this film deals with the issue of rape.  The victim is a young girl, a little girl who is not the easiest thing to get a hold of, and we see her being raped over and over again.  It's a good film, I was happy to see a woman be raped, and for a moment it actually makes me smile, as it makes me realize that we are not as bad as we have been portrayed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I know it's a terrible movie, but it's still a movie: a terrible film that is just too bad to be good.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Gangster's Paradise" is a mediocre movie.  It's got bad acting, bad writing, bad acting again, bad directing, and bad cinematography.  The plot is based on a gangster film called "The Gangsters" by William Dieterle.    In the film, three mobsters kidnap a girl and force her to marry them.     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  We've all seen it: a white male character comes up against a black female character and the white guy starts out on top. This trope is a common one in action films: a guy from a wealthy background who fights his way up from lowly beginnings.  In most action films, the white character is a hero.  The fact that the black woman is a slave is secondary to the fact that she has a very bad personality and it takes a while for the white man to learn to deal with her.  The fact that he is not a bad guy does not mean he has a good personality.  In fact, the movie does not even try to be an action movie.  It's more like an attempt at a science fiction flick.   There are a few sequences in the movie that are just too much: a sequence in which the white hero gets shot in the stomach.   Even though he is only shot once, there is no sign of life.  It's almost as if the director of the movie doesn't think there is a point to being in a movie about a white guy who fights the black villain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a great movie. It's a story about a group of people who go on a camping trip, but find out that it's a bit too much fun to be real. It is a funny movie with good acting and a great story. It has a good pace and it is worth a watch.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an atrocious, uninspired, unoriginal, bad movie. I never thought I'd see such a low-budget, low-brow, low production. I could go on for hours about how bad it is.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a great example of a film that's trying too hard. The acting is bad and the music is terrible. I wouldn't recommend this film to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know about you, but when a film is made by the same people who made "Rio", I find it very hard to look at it. It is like watching "Soylent Green" on a Saturday night. I was going to give this one a 3.5 but then I got to thinking that, although it is not a very good movie, it is still not a bad one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was a terrible disappointment and a poor representation of what it's supposed to be about. I was expecting something much better and a better movie than this.   I am a fan of the movie, and so am everyone else here, but this movie is an insult to everything that the movie stands for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not the most "original" film in the world, but its originality lies in the fact that it is not a bad film at all. It is not even a bad horror film, and the most important thing is that it actually is a good horror film. This is a low budget horror film made in New York, so there are not too many jump scares, but they are there. This film is a mixture of the gothic, with a creepy atmosphere. The acting is very good and the movie has a very interesting ending, which is just a little twist. It has great goth and creepy atmosphere which is not really "original", but it is still very good. I recommend this film to those who are scared of the dark.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a terrible movie.   The plot is as bad as the story.  The story is basically a love story between two women who have a lot in common.  One is a single mother who is married to a drifter.  She takes care of him while he works.  Then one day, he decides to move to a new town and is gone for two months.  So, the other woman is the housekeeper.  Her name is Rose and she is an attractive woman.  But, there is something odd about her.  This movie tries to portray the "bad girl" as a sympathetic character, and it doesn't work.  There is a very odd sexual tension between them that doesn't seem to fit in with the movie's theme of love.  I can't see how the writer thinks she is writing a good movie when she keeps making these changes in character, from one scene to the next.  It is impossible to think the plot is funny.  This movie doesn't have much of a plot.  When the plot isn't working, it's a bad joke.      I had no clue how to rate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I've seen in ages. This is the most ridiculous movie I have ever seen. The entire story is just a re-hash of a ridiculous joke that has been done to death. If this is the kind of movie that is going to be released, then there is no hope for any comedy coming from Hollywood in the near future. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half is a pretty decent movie with a decent amount of laughs and a decent enough story.   It starts off with a lot of violence, then it gets a little boring after a while, and the ending is nothing more than a bad joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The "Star Trek" movie: If you don't like "Star Wars", don't watch this. I am disappointed that it didn't live up to its reputation. I liked it. It is a pretty decent science fiction movie. There are a few scenes that are not so good, like the "laser beam". But the "Starfleet" ship designs are pretty cool.   Rating: 2/5  Star Trek: First Contact is a sci-fi action film, but a little more subdued than you would expect from the "Trek" franchise. The story follows Captain James T. Kirk, his first officer Spock, and a few of the Enterprise's senior officers. The movie begins with Kirk being attacked by a mysterious alien vessel. After a brief struggle, Kirk is rescued by Spock and the two escape into space aboard the Enterprise. A few months later, a Klingon ship, the IKS Kor, arrives in Earth orbit and attempts to attack Earth, but is repelled by the Enterprise and the USS Reliant.  .The first "Star trek" movie did not live up its reputation for the sci- fi fan. I do like the action scenes. The actors are all good. I like how Kirk is a little rough around the edges, but still has some good lines. The alien ship and the battle sequences are not good, but I suppose it is a "Trekmovie".
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a train wreck.  It is not even good.  It is boring.    I can only say that if you are a fan of the original series this is a must see.  I am glad I watched it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is nothing really special about this movie.   It's a boring movie that wastes the viewers time by making the actors talk at the same time.  The movie is not very good, because the story is not interesting, and there is no fight scene.  There are no great fight scenes either.  If you're interested in martial arts movies, you should go to the movie "Gung Fu Panda" instead.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   After seeing a number of terrible movies in the last few years, I was hoping for a movie that would actually make me laugh out loud. I mean, I am a comedian, so you can be sure that if I saw a movie with the words 'Jedi' in the title, I would be laughing hysterically. However, this movie is just so boring. It's just a lot of boring dialogue, but there are a couple of funny parts. One scene has a guy wearing a Darth Vader mask in a grocery store. He is obviously trying to buy some snacks, but his mask doesn't cover up the fact that he's wearing a wig and is in his underwear. Another funny scene is when the evil Darth Vader gives a speech to some students in the cafeteria. He calls them stupid for using the cafeteria for a sex education class and tells them that it's their fault for thinking that it would be funny to have sex in the middle of the school. This scene is especially funny because it shows a different side of the evil character. The bad guy in this movie has such an evil smile, and I couldn't help but wonder what it would look like with a different face. It was a very strange movie, and it will probably be a movie for people who love bad movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is based on a true story. I have no idea what they did to the characters. The actors were good and the script was good but the actors were so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you are a fan of "Beverly Hills Cop" or the 80s and/or horror films in general, this is the movie for you.   This movie is a combination of a lot of different things.  It is the story of a young girl, who is not old enough to drive a car, who gets abducted by a creepy, creepy clown.  He tells her about the evils that he will bring to all the children in the world, and the world is about to be changed forever.  As we all know, Beverly Hills is a nice place to live, but there is always that little voice in your head that says:  "Don't go there, kid!"   I have to give credit where credit is due.  The acting in this movie is excellent, especially by the child actors.  I was surprised by the amount of blood in this film, and I was even more surprised at the lack of blood.  Also, the use of children as the villains is a very clever idea.  If they had used adult actors, this movie would have been nothing more than an action movie, but they use the children to help bring about the ending.  While the plot was not bad, it was not great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A boring and stupid movie, and it's an absolute mess of a movie.  There is a character who gets to know something important and does it the right way.   But then the next scene shows the characters having sex, and then the other characters, except the one who did the important thing get killed and have sex with each other.  The movie just goes on and on, and never does anything good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an average movie. The plot is stupid and has a terrible ending. The actors are boring and don't do anything for the story.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a total rip off of a movie called "Saved by the Bell". I watched the first "Saver" once in a while, but I never paid much attention to it. It was about a young boy named Saver who works at the store, and who has a crush on a girl named Stephanie. When the two meet, Saver falls in love with her, and goes to the prom with her. But one night he's kidnapped by a man named B.J. and taken to a castle where he's made to play a game. Saver doesn't really care what's going on, so he just gets sucked into the game. And then he has to fight with a bunch of other boys who are also in this game, and he wins. After the game, B. J. and Stephanie are taken back to their house and B.Js. tells Stephanie that she's never going to get a boyfriend because she's not beautiful enough. But Saver comes up with a solution. He gets her to dye her hair blond and dye her lips blue. Then she tells B.j. that she and Saver are in love and she'll marry him if he can find her a boyfriend. This movie is all about how girls don't care about their looks. Saves by the bell had a more subtle message, and I was much more interested in the story.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This was just a terrible movie that could have been made better.   The story was terrible, the acting was terrible and the music was terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the most boring films I've ever seen.   The "plot" is very simple.  This film is a movie about a girl named Elle who is a very beautiful girl.  Elle has been rejected from the most beautiful high school in the world.  The girls that are going to her school are just as beautiful and the school's teachers are as beautiful.  She gets to the school and there are a lot of beautiful women there.  However, Elle gets to this school and she is in a group of people who are all very stupid and are just having fun.  As Elle goes through school she starts to become interested in one of her friends.  One day the school is attacked and the attackers are a bunch of dumb guys.  It turns out that one of Elle's friends is the one who caused all of the trouble.  I don't think that anyone really cares about Elle.  There's not even a plot that she gets in trouble with anyone and she just gets to school and has fun. It's a good movie but I don' t know if it's any good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are many things about the film I dislike, but the biggest one is the terrible acting by the cast. It's not that they are bad actors, but their performance is not good enough to make the movie worth seeing. There are a lot of lines in the movie I don't remember because the actors are so bad they're unrecognizable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think I'm going to have to make a serious effort to stop watching the movie. It just doesn't get any better than this. I was really looking forward to this movie because it was supposed to be a sequel to the first one. It turns out that the sequel isn't better than the original. If it was, I would be really impressed. I thought the movie was funny but not so funny that it would make you laugh. I wish they would have kept the ending in there, I'm sure that would have been better. I don't see why they made it a sequel, it just isn't.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was a bad attempt at a horror movie. The movie was so bad I had to turn it off.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I never knew what to think about this film until I watched it. I was never a big fan of the old movies and I was shocked that it was the old ones that they were using. The acting was good, but the story didn't go anywhere. The last scene of the film had to be seen to be believed! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been a huge fan of the Harry Potter series since I was a kid. I first read this story on the net a while ago, and was not sure how I was going to take it. This is not a book I would read out of a good book collection. It is not something you would read at your local library. I'm going to give it a two and a half stars.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first time I saw this movie, I was horrified, but after a few minutes of this "chicken" movie, it became funny. I was shocked, but then I laughed. The plot is very stupid, it's just about a man who goes to see a "chick" (he's not gay) and then the chick gets pregnant by the guy she's seeing.   I didn't care for this movie because it didn't really do anything to scare me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What happened next was just disgusting.  A poor woman with a long history of mental illness is placed in a psychiatric ward.   She's put on a gurney with a blindfold and a hood on her head.  When she's wheeled into the room, a guard grabs her, pushes her down, and pushes a tube up her nose.  She screams.  They keep pushing her, until she passes out and passes out again.  Her friends and family are horrified, but the guards laugh at her, they don't care.    I don't know why this is happening to a mentally ill woman.  I think the story was meant to be a commentary on the state of mental health in America, and how that's a serious issue, but I found it was all so incredibly sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know I shouldn't review a bad film, but I'm not sure why I'm reviewing a bad one.  The movie has a very strange plot that is not really very good.    The movie begins with a short intro where we learn that we are about to watch a science fiction movie.  It does this with a good deal of style.  The story follows a group of astronauts who crash land on a mysterious planet.  This is all pretty good stuff.  In the movie there is a good amount of special effects and effects that are impressive.  I thought the special effects were good enough that I could see the movie without a problem.  There is a decent amount of violence in the movie.   There is also a bit of humor.  Again, there is not much of humor in the film, which is kind of a shame because the characters are pretty funny.  Overall, I would say that the movie is not that good.     My Rating:      3.5 out of 5   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't like movies that try to be anything more than a cheap parody of a good movie, this one is a bad parody. I really can't say anything positive about this movie. There are a lot of characters and all of them are stupid and the acting is bad. This movie is about a guy named Steve who is a big fan of a very strange character, the mysterious and evil, Mr. D. This is just a very bad movie and it really doesn't get any better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's not a bad film at all, I guess it's just a poorly made one, not bad for a low budget movie but with all its faults it's still entertaining to watch. It's just that the movie itself doesn't really have anything interesting to say about itself, like I said the acting is pretty bad, but there is a really good bit when it comes to the music. The music was very good, the actors are not very good at all but the music and the setting makes it more enjoyable to watch than the actual movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was so excited to see this movie! I was expecting a lot from this movie but it wasn't a bad one. I think I like the idea of this movie. There are a lot of things happening and it is pretty slow, but it was a lot more interesting than I expected. I like that the movie ends with the characters and their relationships to each other, so that we don't have to watch them all day!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't give it a bad review, as it's actually quite enjoyable to watch. The movie has a lot of charm and I like it quite a bit.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is really not that bad.   But that doesn't make it good.    If the characters and the story are good, then the plot will be better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've seen a lot of bad movies, but this one took the cake.   The movie starts out with a great idea, the premise is simple, a young boy who is bullied by his schoolmates.  But the bullying is nothing compared to the fun that follows.  The boy and his friends set out on a journey across the United States, they meet all kinds of characters along the way, including a little girl who runs a circus, a black cat, a girl with a talking dog, and many more.  But the fun doesn't stop there, in each of the towns they pass through, there are characters from the local folklore who help the group out.  And in the end, it turns out that the boy is in fact the reincarnation of a famous circus clown.  This movie has it all.  If you have a little time to kill and want a laugh, this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen this before, but I'm glad to know I don't have to.  A story about a man who was shot by a bad guy in a fight.    He doesn't remember what happened, and doesn't want to. He's a bad ass, and he takes down the bad guy with a sword. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film has a very old school feel.  There is a lot of talk about the world and how it has changed.   It does seem to have changed quite a bit since the days of the original film.  The story is just silly.  I don't think the plot has any staying power, or is even necessary.  It does have some funny lines, and that's about it.  Overall, I don\'t think it was really worth watching, and I would be much more interested in the original than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate to say this, but I have never heard a bad horror movie so bad. The worst part of the movie is when they kill the evil clown with the crossbow. It sounds like the guy is standing right next to him. They just run through the whole movie. There is nothing to see and they end it. If you want a scary movie you can't go wrong with this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't expect much from this movie, but I was pleasantly surprised. It's got a good plot, good action, and a good villain. It would be a very hard film to dislike, but it is the ending that kills it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love this movie. The music is great. It has a nice look. The story is okay, not really worth the time. The ending is kinda silly. I'm not sure why this movie is good. It's like a bad joke.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A really bad movie with a bad ending.   The movie starts out with a woman being taken away in a police car.  The woman is in a very bad state. She is crying hysterically.  Then the man comes and gives her something to drink and she vomits it all over herself.  We then see a police officer giving her a drink from a cup and she drinks it.  After that we see a group of women who are trying to get in on the action.  They all look like they are on drugs.  When we get to the police car the man is getting out.  As the woman is getting ready to leave the man throws his coat over her and she is caught in the rain.  She is very wet.  I really didn't like the movie.  It was really bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing wrong with a good old fashioned bad movie.  I was very disappointed by this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story was a little slow. I had heard the rumors about this one and thought it was worth a shot. I really was wrong. The only good thing about this movie is that there are no children present.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was so happy to be able to see the new "Buffy" movie in theaters!   But I'm not sure why I was looking forward to the movie at all.   It's not as bad as the first movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie has a few good moments, but the bad part is the script.   I found it very dull and predictable, and the story was so badly written that it was a real chore to keep my attention.  The characters were not very interesting.  I did like the music.  It was very "Euro-Tribal".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is boring.  It has a nice plot, but it is just too long to be worth watching.   I am giving this film 3.0 out of 4. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this a couple times now, and it is always boring. The main character is a pretty normal guy who has a girlfriend that he does not want to break up with. She has a crush on him and it drives him crazy, so he gets revenge on her by throwing her in a swimming pool full of snakes. She gets saved by some random guys and the movie ends with him going to prison for his trouble. So basically a guy in prison for trying to kill his girlfriend.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In any case, I'm not sure if I can say anything good about this film. I was looking forward to watching it and found that it did not live up to its hype. The film starts off well, showing the lives of four boys from the streets. They live with their mother in a house that has no running water, no electricity and no phone. The first thing that catches my attention is the fact that the house has been left to rot for years. The kids spend their days watching movies and eating junk food. They also play basketball and football. The movie then goes into the life of the mother. She is a prostitute and is very violent towards her customers. When one of the boys is attacked by a woman who has a baby with a different man, she decides to kill him. The boy dies and the woman gives birth to a boy who looks like the boy that died. When the mother goes to the police station to report the death of her son, she is turned down because the boy died from a heart attack. The next scene shows the mother walking around the city looking for her son. She eventually finds him and they have a very strange encounter. The mother kills the boy and the mother is then shot and killed by the police. Then the movie goes into a scene that I cannot describe in any kind of words. I don't know how to describe it in words. The entire film is a horror film that I did not enjoy at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't think of anything to say about this movie, except that I didn't see it until a week or so after it came out and I've already seen it a few times since then. I'm not a big fan of the first "Battlestar" movie, but it's a good movie.   It doesn't really have anything new to say. The story is pretty much the same as the first one, but there's a lot of new stuff. The bad guys are pretty much just the same.  The only thing that really got me was the scene where the crew goes through the black hole, I'm sure it would have been a lot better if it didn't go through the "black hole".   A bad movie, and it only made me more angry about the whole "Star Wars" series and how it's all a waste of money and time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a fan of this movie before I ever read it, and I still am, but it doesn't hold a candle to the actual movie.  It was not a bad film.  It was a mediocre film that had an amazing story and amazing acting.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You're not going to like this movie.  I won't even pretend to like it.   If you want to see a bad action movie where the lead is a robot who gets kidnapped and a bunch of bad guys are trying to kidnap him, you can do that here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is pretty bad. It's pretty funny, but it's so over the top. I guess it's just the kind of movie that I like, and I really hope that the producer will realize this and try to make a better movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've heard a lot of good things about this movie. The soundtrack is great and the acting is superb. The characters are all believable and their interactions make the movie a real treat. However, this is not a movie that is worth watching. It is just a mess of bad acting, bad dialogue, and bad acting. There is no real story and the characters just don't have enough depth. If I were going to see this movie I would wait for it to be released on DVD. I'm sure that it will be an epic disappointment.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story of a man and his girlfriend who decide to get married and have a baby in this film is quite pathetic, and the ending is not so good either. I'm sure it will be seen by many but it's not very good.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie.  The film tries to be a great thriller with a bunch of interesting characters and an exciting plot, but it fails at all three of those.  The acting is pretty bad and the story is so bad that I would not bother to watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    -   The main problem with this film is that there are only so many times we see a guy with an enormous dick in the entire movie.   I really hate to bring this up, but it has to be said: the film is set at a carnival and it is set in a carny with two huge dicks in it, one is a circus freak who wants to be a star and the other is a big strong guy who likes to get his dick sucked.  There is a lot of sex and a lot that is not shown.  In addition, there is a girl that is always there, always trying to catch the clown's attention and who gets him to take his clothes off and show off his huge dick.  The only way it makes sense to me is that it is the first time the clown has ever had a girlfriend.  I also found it odd that when they were in the bathroom and the clown is doing his thing, the girl is still there and trying to get the clown to do something with his cock.  It just seemed like it was a really weird idea to try to get a big cock in a girl's mouth.  Another thing that makes me wonder why the film was made is that I know that they did not have any money to make a film like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a pretty bad movie. I really liked this movie and liked it a lot. But it's really really bad.    I'm not going to lie to you, it's terrible. It's pretty obvious that a movie studio was hired to make this. It doesn't have much going for it but at least it's something.  The script is very bad and I don't think there is a single redeeming quality to it.  It's very cliche.  You are told that your daughter is in danger.  Then you are told where to go, who to talk to, and how to act.  But the problem is that it's all so obvious.  Even if the director really did have a plan, there is no way you are supposed to know it. The movie starts with your daughter at the grocery store. She asks a clerk if there is anything she can eat. She is told that it is a long line but then they tell her that there are only about five people there and they are in a hurry. She then asks about the weather and the clerk tells her that it should be fine.  She then tells the clerk about the bad news and then she asks about her brother.  When she asks where he is she is told, "He's in the hospital, where he can't move."  I mean come on. I can understand if you are trying to make a point about people who are in desperate need of help.  This movie isn't about that. It is about how bad a movie can be.  The ending is not as bad as it could have been, but it was still pretty bad. I guess you could say the ending was a "happy ending."  The movie does end with a happy ending because there is some good in it. There is a little romance. There are some funny scenes.  Unfortunately, all of these scenes are a little too long and not as funny as they could have be. I think that's pretty much all there is to this movie.  I gave this a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film starts out in a very cool way.   It seems that the main characters are in a strange, strange situation, and they are trapped.  They are in the same building as the evil and evil-looking guy who is responsible for the murder of a very famous person.  It looks like a lot of fun, and I can't wait to see more.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was hard to find out more about this movie. This is not a bad horror movie, however, it is not an original horror movie either.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a fan of the "X-Men" movie franchise, you might want to pass on this one.  The script by James Vanderbilt (The Last Samurai) was so bad, it was painful to watch.  The characters were all unlikable, the plot was pathetic, and the acting was so awful, I actually felt bad for them.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A terrible movie from a terrible writer.   This is an absolute disaster.  The plot:  The story takes place in an old school.  It is a school where the principal, Mr. Koopman, is an old man.  He is also the headmaster of the school. Mr. Knott, the first boy who enters the school, falls in love with Miss Sorella, the school's first teacher.  After a while she becomes pregnant with Mr. Sorello's child.  Mr. Krutchman takes an interest in the baby, and the parents decide to have a child of their own.  I never liked this movie and I never will. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is not the movie to watch if you like action and a lot of gore. This movie is a complete waste of a few minutes of your time and I would not recommend it to anybody.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a horrible movie.  I don't care how many times the actors make it look like it's going to be a pretty good movie...  The acting is terrible, the plot is laughable, and the production is bad.    If you're going to watch this movie, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie does have some good ideas and has some good performances. The story is basically a retelling of the original "Bambi" by Walt Disney. It's a little more modernized than the original and the characters are different. The film has the feel of a "penny dreadful" as there are a few gruesome deaths. It has a number of plot holes and the acting is bad but not as bad as the dialogue.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't think it's too far of a stretch to say that this movie is a huge waste of time. You could spend hours watching this and never learn anything about the characters, so what are they even doing? I guess they're trying to find a way to get the girl to love them and it turns out to be a big waste of everyone's time. If this were a movie I could tolerate, but this is a crappy attempt at a movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about this is that it's a remake of the original.  And the original is actually pretty good.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie, as the title suggests, from a distance. It's one of those boring movies that can only be enjoyed by someone who's already interested in the subject of "torture porn" and has an appetite for the kind of torture depicted.    In a nutshell, this movie follows the story of an Army Captain (Haley Joel Osment) who is assigned to capture a Nazi General. They're able to capture him, but only after he's shot dead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a fun movie and it got an excellent ending, but if it was a sequel to The Wizard of Oz I don't think it would have been as good.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The "Black Panther" film series is a mixed bag of things.  It's a comic book film, but not without its shortcomings.  First, this is a bad comic book.  For one, it has a lot of white characters.  Second, the tone is too dark.  In this film, there are some interesting scenes, but there are other times when it feels like a bad, low-budget, comic book adaptation.  I can see how it would be a great comic book movie, but it has some flaws.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no way in hell you are going to like this movie. It is not even funny at all. This movie has no redeeming qualities, there is nothing to keep your interest, the characters are stupid, there are no interesting scenes, there's no action, it is just bad.  The worst part about this movie is that they actually gave it a good rating! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful movie. Not even remotely funny. If this is the sort of thing they do when they have no money, I'm sure they're a lot more interesting than this. If I were a young kid I would have just skipped this one, but my parents, who are more sophisticated than I am, actually wanted to see this, so we had to go to the theater. My dad, who had been going to this movie for years, said "it's so bad, it's funny." Which it is, but that's all the comedy I'm getting from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie's concept is interesting but it's execution is not. It's not bad enough to not be interesting, but it does not go far enough. There are a lot of scenes that are not very interesting, and there is a lack of suspense. If you like bad movies then this might be for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is hard to be a fan of the horror genre because I think there are so many good movies out there.   In this case I don't really have anything bad to say, but I just don't see how it could have been better than it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie I've seen in a long time. The acting is bad, the story is stupid, the special effects are bad, and the special characters are dumb as hell.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "It's a long shot to get a man a woman's body"   If there was a real ghost in the film, then it could have been a very powerful one. It's really a shame that it's only at the very end of the movie that the film even tries to do anything at all, even as a horror film.   I would give this a C but for some reason, I kept thinking about this film the whole time I was watching it. I'm not sure what it is about it that makes it so powerful but, I hope that the ghost will come back to haunt this film for many, many years to come.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is an example of why you should never ever let a bad director make a bad film. I don't know how the film got made, but it's a mess. There are lots of people in it. Lots of things happen. I think it's pretty funny that the only thing in the film that's real is a giant spider crawling over a girl's head. It doesn't really matter though, because all the stuff that happens in it is just kind of silly. I have no idea how this film was made. It just looks bad and bad. There's nothing special about it. It's just a bad joke that no one really cares about.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The best part about the movie is how it ends. It's a really good ending to a bad story. I would have loved to see more scenes of the bad guy and his son running away. They would have added a lot more tension and more suspense to the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that makes you want to be a better person.  It's a great movie that will have you laughing at all the stupid things the characters do.    I love this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry, but it is just a cheap horror movie that has no plot and doesn't really have a single interesting thing to say. There is a lot of yelling and screaming, and then we have a "solution" to the problem. That "solving" is just an illusion.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So...the bad movie is made by a director who only has his own name on his name and a budget of a hundred million.   Well, that's what I say.  The story is boring and predictable and the acting is so-so.  I'm sorry, but this is just not my cup of tea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so excited to see this movie because it's a comedy and that was always my favorite kind of comedy!  The bad part of the movie is that they should have called it "A Dog's Life" instead of "A Day in the Life" because the dog is a total shit, but it's still funny.  For a movie that has been on tv for 15 years now, I can still remember all of the characters from this movie:    Linda, the daughter of a rich guy who lives in the middle of nowhere, the owner of a dog store that sells the finest dog food in town, Mr. Mancini, a good looking old man who is a veterinarian and the owner's son, Mr Skelton, a guy who looks like a dog and acts like a man who works at the dog shop, the guy who is the owner and who is obsessed with the dog, and finally the dog's owner. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely awful.  If you like bad movies and you like to watch them with a beer in hand, you should watch this.  I am not going to watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I hate this movie so much.   There is so much bad in this movie that I have to say that I had to see the movie twice to make sure that I saw all of the bad.  The only good thing about this movie is that it was a low budget movie and the cast are so bad it's funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, if you want to see an awesome science fiction film where a small group of people are trying to survive on a small, remote planet and find out how to get off of it, then I'm sure you will love this movie!   It is definitely a science fiction/horror film, but unlike some other science fiction movies, this one doesn't just have one aspect.   There are some cool moments that keep the movie fresh.  The story is very basic and most of the time it just keeps going and going.  It definitely has a great cast of actors that bring their A game to the screen.  I also enjoyed the sci-fi aspects of the film, although it was never really used in a good way.  Some parts of the movie were very over the top, and I would have liked a little more attention to those aspects.  Overall, I really enjoyed the film and hope to see more from this franchise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was supposed to be a romantic comedy but there is nothing romantic about this movie.  It's more of a movie about a woman who wants to have an affair with a married man.  I mean really... she goes to the other man's house... then she gets all upset when he won't kiss her... but then she finds out that he's cheating on his wife.  It's a very silly movie, and there's nothing wrong with that.  But I think it is very sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot:  The plot is one of the worst of the year.   It has a premise of "A man gets a girl pregnant and then kills her to get her back."   I don't know why they thought this was a good idea, it just doesn't make any sense.    The character is one I don''t like very much, and the fact that he has a child with a prostitute who is a drug addict and who is in and out of jail is just a bad thing.  I really hate to use the word "child" but this girl is a child. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of those movies where the plot doesn't matter. What matters is the performances, and what a great performance it is by Steve Buscemi. He has a very small role, but it doesn't really matter because of his amazing ability to be funny, sarcastic, and a bit of a dick. And don't get me wrong, the other characters are fine, but they are not that great. And I think that the plot is also a bit silly. But I don't think that's a bad thing, because the acting and humor are just amazing.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an abysmal movie. It is filled with horrible dialogue, poorly written, poorly shot, bad acting and a horrible plot. The most disappointing part is the ending. It doesn't matter how many times you see the movie, you still can't get over the fact that that the movie never ends. The ending is a travesty and makes the entire movie a complete and utter waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What's this, a remake of a bad old movie? I think I'll pass.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just a bad, old, tired movie. The bad parts are all over the place. Some are silly, others are silly-ish. The plot is a mess, but the acting is awful, even for this sort of film. A lot of the humor in this movie is lost on me.  This is one of those movies where you get the impression that a lot of people had a great time making it, but that was really not the case. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most retarded, stupid and boring movie I've ever seen in my life. This movie is nothing but stupid, and the worst part is, they even managed to screw up the soundtrack with a bunch of lame songs. If you think I'm making this up, then I have bad news for you: This is a complete, utter and utter waste of time. If I were a betting man I'd say this is a 2 hour movie with 3 jokes that I can't even remember the title of. What is even funnier is, that they have already ruined the film by screwing up the score so bad, that I couldn't even tell if they were playing classical or pop music. If this film was actually about the Vietnam war or some other war, I could actually understand the premise, but instead this film is all about dumb comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I hate to be negative about a good movie. This is one of the very few good horror movies that are available on the market.   A guy gets a phone call telling him to meet him at a certain address at a specific time in a certain place.   a  A man gets a call telling a man to meet with him at some address at some time in the future.   of course the guy who receives the call is in the past and the past man is the present one. And of course, things only get stranger from there.  -A man and a woman are trapped in a house. The man's wife has been murdered by a woman who is now living with her son. It is up to the man and woman to escape.     -The man can see into the past but cannot see back in time. This doesn't mean that he can't. He has an eye like a camera that will never tire. He can also see into other people's minds and can alter the future to a certain degree.   to escape the future, the man has to kill the woman who killed his wife. This does not work out so well for him. The woman is a woman of the future and she is out to get him. She is the perfect foil for the man who is still stuck in the present.   the woman also seems to have some form of time travel powers.   and this is just the tip of the iceberg.   for a movie with a $200 million budget, this is an incredibly good movie with some of the best acting I have ever seen.   with a budget of $200 mil and a cast of some of your best actors, this should be considered a classic.  .
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this to be the worst movie I have ever seen. It is absolutely boring, it has some funny scenes but it is completely pointless. It could be anything but a bad comedy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sure this is a great movie, but it's a very bad movie. It's also not funny, at least not at first. The premise is great: a bunch of people who want to be rich, live in a large house, and take care of a group of animals. They don't care about the animals at all; they want to steal them for themselves and live in luxury. But then they start to grow more and more greedy, and one day they decide to sell their animals. But they can't find the right buyer, and when they find a poor old man who lives in the mountains and loves animals, he agrees to sell them. But the price they ask is way too much, and they can never sell them, so they decide that they'll just keep them. Unfortunately, the old man doesn't want to leave, and his family is very important to him. It is obvious that the family will die, and in order to avoid this, they must take the children and keep them alive, because they have no one to look after them. The film is a good one in a sad sort of way. They keep the children in the same small hut, and keep it very cold. The animals are very poor, and the children are very ignorant. The only thing they know about the world is the language, which they learn from the old guy's wife. The children are not really in danger, but their father's greed and his own pride lead to tragedy. It was written a long time ago, and it seems that the directors have forgotten about it. The actors are all really bad. The old guy is played by a guy who sounds like a clown, and I could never understand why he didn't just say "I'm old, and my wife is dead" or something. The family is played really poorly too. The man is so stupid, and so uneducated, that I thought the whole film was a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is an exercise in the worst kind of exploitation: it uses poor actors to play the worst kinds of roles, using cheap acting to make a cheap movie, using bad production values to make an ugly movie.   The only way to make this worse is to put it on video, so I'll keep this short. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very bad movie.   The story is based on a real event and the movie does a pretty good job of re-creating the event.  It is very, very bad.  There is no other word to describe this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad idea that has a bad ending. The movie doesn't have much of a plot or character development, and there are just too many stupid scenes in the movie to count. The film was released in 2007, and is quite outdated in my opinion. I don't understand why people still watch this, it's like watching a child's Christmas special. I have no idea what this movie was about, and I don.t remember much about it. This movie isn't for me, but I do recommend it to anyone who has a low tolerance for bad ideas.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I found this movie a real disappointment. The film's director, Robert Aldrich (who directed the terrible The Thing ), makes a number of mistakes in his screenplay.   One of them was to start the movie with a scene of an elderly woman (played by actress Frances Farmer) walking along the beach.  She's wearing a white dress and a big hat.  The next scene has a boat coming along the shore.  It's going to take a long time for the boat to reach the shore, but it does.  I've seen lots of movies that start off with this scene, but never have I seen one that starts off with the scene that follows it.  Then it's off to the woods to see a bunch of monsters running around, and then a long sequence where a few people get eaten.  This was followed by an even longer sequence where the people who are eaten are shown on a screen and then they are shown crawling around on the ground, and the monsters are shown running around.  They are shown again running around the beach, and it ends with a long shot of the beach looking like it was made out of mud.  One could make a very interesting movie out of this, if you knew what you were doing.  If I had any advice for the writer, I'd tell him to not write any more horror movies.  - July 29, 2013One of the worst horror films I've ever seen  Reviewer: Muffin Man - favorite favorite favorite - July 27, 2012  Subject: Horror film with a happy ending I was really hoping this film would be a little more than a comedy and would be some sort of horror/horror-film but sadly that wasn't the case. I think the reason I gave it a four star is because the ending is a little sad. - July 25, 2012Horror film with happy ending  Topic: Horror films   I have seen this movie and enjoyed it. However, the ending was very sad and I can see that some people would find it hard to watch. - June 25, 2010I have saw this movie
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is a mess: A bunch of kids are going on a field trip to a farm. One of the kids gets electrocuted. The other kids find his body, and they decide to take a detour to the haunted house. The rest of the movie is a combination of scenes with scary ghosts and scenes of kids in the haunted houses. The film is about as funny as a haunted house haunted by scary ghosts.   - The ending is a little too silly: The movie has one last creepy ghost that is really creepy. The ending where a guy has a heart attack and passes out in the middle of the hallway, then a little girl is in a closet and it looks like she's holding a baby and she has no face. Then the camera pans around and a bunch of little girls start talking about how they're going to take care of the baby. It's a weird movie ending.   is a movie about a bunch the kids go on a haunted field trip. The movie starts off with a kid named Johnny being electrocutied. The kid gets electrified a few times, but he's okay. The ghost then starts to come to life, and it starts to scare the kids. The kids try to run away, but then they get electrocutioned, and a little kid gets stuck in a tree. The parents come home and they hear the kids screaming. The next day, the kids are all scared of the haunted fields, and the ghostly mommy ghosts are out to get them. The whole movie is just really messed up. It is really weird, and I don't know how to rate it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't stand movies about the Nazis.   This is not a movie about the Nazi's, it's about a little boy who grows up to be the most evil, disgusting Nazi of all time.  The boy is called the "Bastard of Wall Street" because he steals cars to buy sweets for his sick mother.  What kind of twisted family can have a son who steals cars?  I'm not even going to start on the rest of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie starts out with a girl falling from a tree. She's then told that she has to become the next big star of Hollywood. She does, but in a terrible way. She falls off a cliff and dies. She had a boyfriend, and he died.   It's really an unbelievable way to end the movie.  The story is not very good, and I'm sure there were a lot of people who didn't like the movie, but I think it did have a few good things. The story of this girl dying was very good. The movie is kind of a horror/mystery story. The girl in the movie has a strange disease, which kills her in a horrible way.  It was very disturbing.  I don't know how I felt about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to get a laugh out of this movie. The acting is pretty bad, the plot is boring, and the humor is pretty lame. If this movie had a different title and a different director, it could have been a great film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like a bunch of kids go to a family vacation.  Some people go on a picnic, some people go to the beach, and some people stay at home. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It has been a while since I have seen a movie where there are several scenes of an obese man getting beat up.   I didn't expect it to be this bad, but it is.  In one of the scenes, a guy with a gun runs over a guy in a wheelchair and throws him to the ground.  I don't know how much of this movie is true, but there are two scenes in which the director tries to convince the camera to cut away, and they fail. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife is a HUGE Batman fan, so when she saw this movie, she thought it was a real knock-off of Batman: The Animated Series. I loved it though, and it has all the hallmarks of a great superhero film. The pacing is fast and fun. The fights are brutal and brutal, and there is a very cool twist at the end. It is the kind of thing that only a comic book film could do, and this film is a must-see for any Batman fan. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This was a bad film.   It was a little hard to watch and the film wasn't that good either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. There is nothing to see in this movie other than a bunch of actors standing around. They all look tired and tired and the acting is so bad it's hilarious. The only good thing about this movie is the fact that it is a horror movie. The acting was awful in this film and the writing is also bad. The film doesn't even make sense. It was made by a guy who is a writer and the whole thing was made to be an interview of some actors who had just come out of rehab. It sounds like a bad parody of a movie about the horror of alcoholism and people just stand around talking about it for hours. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was pretty bad, but there's a good reason why it's so bad.  For one thing, it's a remake of a bad remake, and it's bad in ways that are both old and new. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie begins with an old lady walking in a park on a sunny day. She looks at a picture of a child with a bow on his head.   She looks a bit like a cross between the elderly woman from The Secret Garden and a cross-dresser from The Addams Family.  A man approaches her. He asks the old lady about the child in the picture.  The old lady says she's a witch.  Then she says "I don't want any help."   Then a guy walks up to her.  "Don't give us any help," he says.  He takes a look at the picture of the child and says it's a child of a witch who was burned to death in the woods.  And he walks off.  So there you have it, folks.  It's pretty much the same old thing.  There are some interesting and different bits in the movie.  But I can't say that it was good.  For a movie with no special effects, there are some pretty crappy ones.  At one point, an old man has a snake for a pet.  That's all he's got, and the snake is not very well trained.  When he first gets the snake, he thinks it's an ordinary snake.  We all know snakes aren't ordinary.  Finally he finds the snake and it seems to be doing just fine for itself.  I'd have liked to see a little bit more of the forest where the witch is trapped.  Maybe the kids would be more scared of it.  In the end, the witch ends up getting killed by a stray bullet.  Well, I guess it wasn't the worst movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a pretty boring film. The cast is good, the script is terrible. The story takes place in the future where people have to take care of themselves, they have the ability to heal themselves, but because they don't use this power and are afraid of it, they are put into special prisons where they have to live a life of misery.   The characters are all pretty much the same:  - A woman is put in a prison where she is forced to watch people die from diseases that she can't cure because she is afraid of using her healing powers. - A man has been put in jail because his wife died because he couldn't help her. - The main character has to stay in prison because he is afraid that his children will be killed if he is released.  I don't think that this is the worst movie of all time, but I would rather have seen more of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to this movie. I thought it was going to be good. I was so disappointed. The plot was really bad. It had no real purpose other than to tell the story of a group of people that live in a farm. A farmer was going through his crop one day when he came across a strange, hairy creature. He thought it might be a bear but he didn't like the look of it so he shot it and it disappeared into the woods. The next day the farmer came back and saw the hairy creature still there. He shot it again and again and it didn't go away. So the farmer put a gun to his head and asked him to come out of the woods so he could shoot it again. The hairy creature walked out and into the forest and it walked away. The farmer was in a state of shock. The story ends with a girl that had been missing since the first day of the movie appearing. There was no explanation of where she went and the farmer was never heard from again. I didn't understand the whole story so I couldn't be very impressed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is bad.   It's just not very interesting.  This is a story about a family who is having a big birthday party and there is a lot of alcohol involved.  When the birthday girl starts dancing on a trampoline, a very drunk guy decides to dance with her instead.  He gets a very ugly haircut.  They have a big fight and the party gets out of control.  The only person who gets to escape is a little girl who is trapped on the trampolines and her name is Pippi Longstocking.  She's a very good little girl, I don't think she's a girl at all.  You should not watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't even know where to begin.  This movie is just one long, out of control nightmare that is not worth the time or effort it takes to watch.  There's no plot, no characters, no story, just one scene after another of the same old shit with no real tension.  And it's not funny.  If I could describe this movie in one word it would be:   DIRTY.   The actors are so obviously trying to be funny, but I'm not sure if it works.  I would've liked to have seen a little more blood.  The ending is a complete let down and a sad moment in an otherwise horrific movie.  It's like a horror film version of The Ring.   …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie takes place in a large mansion, and it is here that the movie takes a turn. We find ourselves watching a woman, played by a very pretty actress named Susan Stryker, having a very good time. It is a bit disturbing to see a beautiful woman enjoying herself with such a man as this; and it isn't too long before she is showing him how to properly suck a cock and he is doing a rather good job of it. It doesn't take long before the man has brought a new friend into the mansion. His name is Jack and he's a very strange looking fellow. He is dressed in what is called a 'Puppy costume' which is a type of costume which has a man's body, a woman's face, and a dog's body. He's got what looks to be a dog inside the costume, which is called 'The Dog'. It's quite clear that he's had quite a lot of trouble finding a girlfriend because his cock is too small.   Now, Susan and Jack start off together. They are doing what is known as 'flogging', which is where a woman fucks a man. Susan is getting quite excited about the whole thing. They're getting closer to a very interesting climax as Jack starts to work his cock in and out of Susan's wet pussy. She starts to moan in delight. They get closer and closer and eventually Jack fucks her in the ass. He then gives her the best fucking of her life. This goes on for a while and Susan ends up in a very nice state of orgasmic bliss. It's only then that Susan finds out what a bad influence Jack is on her. She leaves him, not realizing that she's just left Jack with a very nasty cum stain on his butt!   I'm not going to go into too much detail about the rest of the movie, because it's really not worth getting into at all. The actors were pretty good and the plot was very good. It was a very enjoyable movie, but there were some parts that I felt were unnecessary. I found it interesting that this film was based on a novel written by a woman named Sarah Waters. Sarah Waters is known for writing books which are quite bizarre. I have read quite a few of her books and there's a couple of things that I thought that were a bit too much. One is that in one of her novels a woman gets a dog which then dies. Another is that
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a terrible mistake.   I'm not sure how this movie was made but I'm pretty sure the director and the producers are a couple of morons.  I've seen worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot was predictable:   After a few weeks of being stuck in an office job, it gets really boring when there's not much to do. So the boss gives his employee a new job: making money with the same old office tricks.   It's the old office trick. They pretend they have to run around and pretend they are in a car chase.   and you have to listen to this terrible car chase that was only used for the purpose of the plot:  ...   Then the bad guy gets caught by the police, but the cops can't catch the bad guys because they don't have the car chase anymore, so they ask him to make them another one. He says that he'll do it, but when he's on his way back to the office, the bad actor in the bad movie has other plans: he starts shooting up the office.   the bad actors in the car, and the bad bad guy who's on the phone with his mom:   The bad actors:     So the bad scene:  , and then the bad characters are all running around, and it's like the same bad thing again and again. I felt like I was watching a bad episode of TV: it's not bad at all, it's just a bad bad movie. The ending was a little bit better, but I guess they just didn't have time for that:   and the credits:   It's like someone who just can't cut the fat:   And I can't even explain why I didn't like this movie: it had nothing to do with me, and I was too tired to watch it again:   I hate to say this but, at least it's a movie: if you have a strong stomach, go watch a movie. If you don't want to be bored, don't watch a crappy movie:  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bad film but I wouldn't call it a bad time.  This is a story about a kid who is raised by his grandmother who is an ex-convict and a murderer.  This is also a story where he gets a lot of trouble and then he gets help from his sister who is a very good doctor.  I just wish the story was a little bit longer.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is about a man who has a car accident and wakes up in a hospital with no idea of how he got there.   After a little bit of time, he is told by the doctors that he has only a couple of weeks left to live.  He gets up and goes into his car and starts to drive to the hospital.  Unfortunately, the roads are all blocked and the hospital is surrounded by trees.  The car does not stop, but starts to drift down the road.  As it does, it comes to a stop in the middle of the road and the man tries to get out of the car.  When he does, he gets hit and killed.  Then he awakes in the hospital and is asked what happened to his car. He replies that it ran out of gas and crashed into a tree.  I found this movie to be terrible and boring.  It was more like watching a movie that is about cars than it was like watching someone dying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is a poorly made piece of crap that is supposed to be a satire on the film noir genre. It's not.   It's a half-assed attempt at satire that's not even that funny, and it has a terrible script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie that's good at least.  I didn't like the movie at all.    The characters were all over the place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie I have seen in a long time. The story is about a guy named Alex who is the best friend of a guy called Andy. Alex has to go out to meet a girl named Kate and Andy has to stay at home with his daughter. As Alex and Kate are talking about Andy's daughter, she suddenly starts to get sick and dies. The only problem is, that the police are not interested in what happened and are not investigating it. So, Alex takes Kate's body to the morgue and keeps it there until the autopsy. The police are called and they get a report about a dead body. Alex keeps Kate's corpse in the morgues until it is examined and it turns out that Kate has died from an infection. Alex is charged with murder and Alex is taken to court. Alex's defence lawyer is a young man named Sam, and he is not very good. Alex says he is innocent and is confident he will be acquitted. Alex and Sam argue and Sam gets angry and Alex leaves the court. Andy comes back to his house and finds a dead cat on the bed. When Andy tries to figure out what happened, he is surprised to find that he and Alex have been seeing each other all along. The next day, Alex finds Andy at the morght and asks him to go to his car. Andy is confused by the request and Alex explains that he has to take a look at Kate's car because he thinks Kate has something to do with it. Andy asks Alex what he thinks and Alex says, "I don't know." Andy tells Alex that he will go to the police. When Alex asks Andy how they are going to prove it, Andy replies that he doesn't know either. Andy goes to the car and Alex tells him to wait outside while he goes inside. When he comes back, he finds Andy waiting outside. Alex tries to take the keys away from Andy, but Andy refuses and Alex runs off. Andy follows Alex in the car but he doesn\'t follow him. Andy finds Kate in the kitchen and she tells him that she wants to talk to him about Alex. When they get in the house, Alex tells her that he knows that she is Kate. When Kate asks if Alex is the killer, Alex says no. He tells her about Kate's death and that Andy was the one who put her in the body bag. When she asks if she can have some of Andy's food, Alex asks her if
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad flick and I don't know why it made it out of the movie studio and into the public eye.   I didn't like it one bit.  It's just a bad comedy with an annoying and pointless lead character.  I wish the producers of this film had taken a cue from the great movies like  Wag the Dog and Lolita and made a good movie about a good person and not a bad person. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only good thing about this film is that it is so bad that you can't help but laugh at it.   It is just a bunch of kids playing a game called "couch surfing".   I guess it was all just a bad dream. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is about a guy who's been in prison for 20 years for murdering a man and his wife. The movie follows the story of a guy named Bob who's trying to get out of prison. The main thing is the bad acting, there's not much in the way of good acting, but at least it's not bad. It is just not bad, but there are some good bits in there. The plot is nothing new or original. This is a remake of a movie made in 1930. It seems to be a remake that is supposed to be funny, but it's really not. The film is mostly just a bunch of bad acting. It's bad in the sense that there's nothing funny in the movie, it's just bad. The ending of the movie is also pretty bad. I guess it's supposed to end with a funny ending. The only thing that makes the ending good is that it's the first and only good ending to the movie. The rest of the film is just bad, and that's really the only reason it's worth watching.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an uninteresting and forgettable film. It's like a low budget version of a low-budget movie like The Lost Boys or The Goonies. The story is pretty boring and the performances are bad. The acting is a little weak but it doesn't hurt the film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I just had to add to the negative reviews I read:  It was boring, and had little to no character development.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So this movie is like a low budget movie about a "flesh-eating" alien. So they cut out some of the most disgusting scenes.   But then the alien comes to earth and it starts eating people.  It turns out the "alien" is a young woman who is being controlled by the "devil" (i believe that is a bad term) which is a guy who wants to destroy Earth and its people. This movie is really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I loved this movie, I loved this book. This movie could be one of those classic science fiction movies where it's the robots taking over the world or something. Or maybe not.   This movie is a science fiction movie about a little girl who has a weird dream. A robot appears to her in the dream and she wakes up in the middle of a desert. The robot tells her to get out of the desert because it is her destiny to be in the desert. So the girl runs off into the desert, where she is found by a man who says he is a doctor and will take her to the city of the gods.   a strange dream...   So the girl leaves the desert... and ends up in a city that is very similar to the desert: dark, and cold.   to make matters worse, a man with an axe is chasing her.   is she really going to the goddess city?   this is not the movie I was expecting. The movie had a lot of action scenes, lots of explosions, and a very "sci fi" like look.   The robot's appearance was very different than the film. I did not like how the robot looked like the robot from the book. And the movie did not have a lot in it for me.   and i am not sure how the movie would be any better if it were a sequel to the book...   it really is a little disappointing, and this movie was very disappointing.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I liked this movie so much, that I went back to watch it over and over again, even when the script changed and the cast changed. The same actors are in this movie, except that it's not like the original: there is a new, new girl in the role of "Liz" (or "Sara" to the girls), and I thought it was funny, but I was just bored. I also thought it made me laugh that "Lizzie" was so fat, but she was not fat enough to be the heroine of a movie: she was the heroine, but not as hot a heroine as the original. I can't remember much else about this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a big fan of action movies and this one was just so bad.  Not even the sound track makes it worth watching.  "We can't get it into your head, can we?"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really liked this movie. The story of a boy and his dog is quite charming. The movie had a good ending, the story does get a little dull at the end and it's not the end of the world. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a little fantasy and a dog who likes to eat. I gave this movie 3 stars because it's a little hard to see the little boy's face. I think this movie should be in all of the top 5.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the movie, one can see a girl, who is also a child prostitute.  The girl's father is the head of a big gang, which does the most nasty things.    She is just a child in a terrible situation.  This is not a bad picture, but if you don't like this movie, please do not watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie, so bad, it's embarrassing.   And even worse, it is a remake of a movie that is a complete embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bad thing to make a movie like this, but a bad, bad movie it is. The acting was bad enough, the acting was terrible, the script was bad, the writing was bad. It's like a bad comedy with a bad ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is like a poor man's version of Star Wars. The main character is a woman, and the film takes place in the year 30 years after the Death Star has destroyed the Empire. The main characters are a man and a woman who both look like they are about to die. The film is made up of a series of short scenes and is really only about half a movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie, it does not even pretend to be a movie. The plot is ridiculous and poorly written. There is no character development, the plot is completely contrived, it has no point and no meaning. It does not make sense, it is not entertaining, and it is bad. If you're looking for something that will make you feel stupid, you might enjoy this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have seen it three times now and I cannot recommend it.   It is like a bad version of "Jaws".   When it came out, the critics called it "horror" and "slapstick".  But I think it is just plain stupid.  It begins with the narrator, who claims he was in a movie theater at a time when "the monster was still lurking".  Then he recounts the "tragic" events of the previous night when a man had gone to the movie theater to see "the new monster" (which he apparently did not understand was the new "jaws").  Then we get into the "plot".  This is where the story goes awry.  The "jaw" is a gigantic shark, which kills its victims.  In one scene we are shown a large shark swimming around in a lake.  A few minutes later, the shark jumps out of the water and begins to attack the camera man, who is just walking down the street.  After a while, the camera guy pulls a gun on the shark, but it just keeps coming at him.  Finally, he pulls the trigger and the shark dies.  Then, the narrator says he went home and saw his wife and kids, then he went back to the theater.  And that is where things get really stupid. We are shown that he is going to go on a date with his girlfriend and that is when the shark comes in the theater again.  He sees the guy, and shoots him dead.  But before he can get the gun out of his pants, a guy grabs him and takes him to the police.  This guy has been hired by the theater owner to find the killer shark.  That is how the movie ends.  I could write an entire article about the stupidity of this movie, but I would have to stop there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story: The movie follows a group of young men and women who are playing a board game called "Chess" when they are suddenly attacked by an unknown monster. The monster turns out to be the son of the leader of the group, the leader's name is George and his son is called Michael. George and Michael have had a long, strained relationship that is finally broken by a group attack. They fight back and the fight ends with Michael being killed. George, who has been playing chess all day is shocked and tries to get the monster out of the board. Unfortunately, he cannot. George is eventually killed by the monster, his son has also been killed, but George's last words were to the monster.   The monster is also a very bad actor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the original film many times and I really enjoyed it. The acting was top notch. The movie was fun and the story was interesting. I just wished that they would've made it a little longer. It could've been really great.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had just come out of the movie theater and had to return to the car for a cup of coffee before heading to work. I was sitting there drinking my coffee and the movie played on the TV. It was pretty bad. The movie was bad but there were some good parts in the movie. The first half was pretty good. It had the action, the action and more action. I didn't understand why people couldn't just call the police and get the bad guys out of their house. I don't understand how people can have a life and not pay taxes. I just wanted to kill the police. The second half of the film was even worse. The cop in the house is supposed to be dead but he's not dead. I guess that's how the movie goes. I would have liked to see more action in this movie. It would have made it worth seeing. I wish they made a good movie out of this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the best movie about the mafia I've seen in years. It's got a lot of good parts, but it has a lot to be said about the bad ones as well. I thought this was the best film about the mob that I've ever seen.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very silly movie with the characters who are all very stupid and not to mention that the movie takes about 3 hours to complete.  I gave it a 3 stars because I liked it, and it was very entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only good thing to say about this film is that it has a nice cast that all do well in their roles. The rest is pretty awful. I hate to be the one to tell you this, but there is absolutely no reason to watch this movie, and it's not even worth mentioning for horror. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a poorly acted and written movie. It has been described as a "sick love story" but the relationship between the two leads, Robert Mitchum and Marilyn Monroe is so superficial and forced that it doesn't even come close to making up for its weak script.   The only reason this movie works is because the movie star, Marilyn Monroe, is played by an amazing actress, Linda Hamilton. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most boring movie ever. The story is pretty good, but all the characters are completely stupid and not to mention very annoying.  The main character, Ben, is a pretty cool dude, even though he is a total asshole.  It's also pretty interesting that he is the only one to survive and that he has super strength.  I would never watch this movie, but I would definitely recommend it to those who hate bad movies and who don't care for the plot or the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've heard the term "Bubble Gum" thrown around before, but this one took the cake.   The plot is predictable at best, as the movie starts out with the protagonist (T.J. Miller) running away from his abusive father.  He does not stay out of trouble for long, though, and winds up in a world where he is a famous musician, performing in a traveling circus.  Unfortunately, this is the worst possible world for a young musician to be in, and the music that is played by the clowns is not all that different from the bad rock & roll crap that kids today like to listen to.  I had to put the movie down after about five minutes because it got to be too annoying.  The movie's plot is not too bad, but it is not as interesting as it should be.  And that's really all that is wrong with this movie: it's boring, boring, and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So the movie starts off really well with a cute story that I actually enjoyed. The movie is actually funny and the animation is pretty good and the action is pretty cool. The main problem is that the story and the characters aren't very developed and they're all kind of one note jokes, the main female lead doesn't seem like she has a very good personality either and her character is really boring and annoying. I like the movie a lot and I recommend it to anyone who likes cute movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You know the old saying: "you get what you pay for".  This movie has the exact same story: ive never seen this movie before, so i don't know what to expect.  I am not a huge fan of horror movies and i was really disappointed.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The title of the movie is a joke. It's a film about a girl who's pregnant by her father-in-law. She is so unhappy and lonely that she thinks she's going to commit suicide. She goes to a psychiatrist, who tells her that it is all part of a sexual game she is playing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The worst movie I have ever seen, and I have seen some bad movies. The actors are all pretty good in their roles, but this movie is so bad it makes me want to see a horror movie where the monster was made by a blacksmith and his assistant.   I gave this movie a C on my rating scale, but I really feel bad for the poor people that make this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had a bunch of problems: bad acting, bad plot, bad acting in bad parts, bad action, bad story. I guess that's the movie for you, it's a good example of bad movies. It's just not a good movie. The best way to describe the movie is a "miserable pile of sh*t" It's not a bad film in itself, just not good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pretty bad movie, and the worst part was when they show the dog's head getting cut off.  I don't think I've seen a more terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a terrible movie.  I was expecting some kind of sci-fi movie, but instead I got a bad B movie that was about nothing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a child of the 80's I always thought of " The Goonies " as a "B Movie" that had a lot of heart, good acting and some very funny moments. I never thought it was a very good movie but I had a very strong feeling that the original creators were going to make a masterpiece. They didn't, but it still was a lot better than most "B Movies" I've seen.  The "Goonies" is the story of two young friends who go to a party on a small island in the middle of the ocean. There is a huge treasure chest full of money, jewels, and other goodies that can't be found anywhere else. A few days later a group of "Sea Nymphs" are seen on the beach with a boat full of treasure, but they are not seen for a while. A lot of mystery surrounds the treasure chest, and the people who have seen it. Eventually a fisherman, who is trying to get his money back, decides to take a chance and try to find the treasure. The "Nymphs," in their own way, help him in this attempt. The movie was written and directed by Rob Reiner, who was a student of John Hughes at Stanford University. It was a great movie and a lot more fun to watch than I remembered it to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the second installment of the trilogy. It is a bad film. It just is not a good movie.   A great story but an even worse film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The bad movie that I saw today.  I was expecting some fun with the two old friends and their friends, but instead it's about the two women that work at a funeral home.    They were both very boring.      This is another one of those movies that are about two young women who work at the funeral home who want to be in movies.  It was a fun little movie to watch, but there was nothing exciting about it.  The only things that are exciting about this movie are the two characters that are played by the two actresses.  I didn't really like either of the two girls that were in this movie.  They just didn't have a lot of personality to them.  There were only three things in this that were interesting, one being the funeral director that was played by a young David Arquette, the other two girls were played by older actors who seemed a bit out of place with the young actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've been watching this movie for a long time now, and I just can't stand it.   A young man in this movie, whose only talent is that he can tell stories with a voice that makes me feel sorry for him, tries to tell a story about his dog.  He shows us his dog, and says that he's a wonderful dog. The dog, however, isn't a great dog. It's very clumsy and can't even keep a straight line.  When he tries to show us the good things about his pet, he is repeatedly reminded that he doesn't have any money. He's so poor that he has to sleep in the back of his truck with his dog in the front, or else the dog will get loose and run off.  But, of course, the dog is a good dog, so of course he is allowed to be free.  And then the movie ends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bad remake of a bad comedy.  The movie was shot with a very expensive set, and was supposed to be a romantic comedy, starring Julie Andrews and Fred Astaire.    There are very few good jokes in this movie, and almost none at all in the romantic parts.  It's a very bad movie, I don't recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The biggest problem with this movie is the fact that you are never really sure what you're going to get out of it. It is a good action movie but the only time you really care about the characters is when they are in the hospital. I'm sure you've seen this movie at some point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is just an excuse to take your money. I'm sorry, but I would rather have some other movie with better acting, good animation, and a plot that is not a joke, but a well thought out story. I just wish it was done better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit that this is a pretty poor movie.  In fact it is the worst of the two movies I saw in the film festival in Berlin.    I am not sure how the director, Michael Haneke, came up with this idea.  It has nothing to do with anything, the characters are completely pointless and there is no real story at all.  The only thing this film is good at is the soundtrack which is amazing.  In a similar way to his previous films, Hanekke tries to make you feel that you are in a real war-zone, but this time the people are not there to help you out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes for this movie.  What a shame I wasn't able to enjoy it.    I guess I could say it is like watching a bad dream come to life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am very sad to say that this movie is not funny, and I don't like comedy, which this movie has none of, it is just a pathetic, tedious and boring movie.  It is so stupid that I have to wonder why there was no studio behind it to see that this was not going to be a hit and that the movie would never make a profit.   The movie is about two people, a man and a woman, who are trying to kill each other, and this is not the way to do it, I really hate these kind of movies, so it is a pity that there is not a good movie behind it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found it to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  Not just because of the low budget, low production value and bad acting, but because of all the "B-movies" and "W-mature" things that were included in it.  I mean, the first act alone is just a "Who wants to be a chicken farmer?" kind of story.    So, I had no idea what to expect from this movie, but then again, I never expected this kind of "Wacko" movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    -   This movie sucks. The acting is awful, and the movie is just boring.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie takes place in a small town in the woods. The plot follows a young man who's girlfriend has been kidnapped by a gang of outlaws. He's taken to the house of a former circus magician, who gives him the only thing he can do: to get rid of a cursed horse. He manages to do this with help from the local priest. The priest then gives the hero his first quest: to kill the magician. But the priest is not much of a warrior. He can't even lift a sword. So the hero needs to find someone to help him: a girl, who's only goal is to get her mother to get married. In this town there are only two women who are in a relationship with each other. The girl is a girl and she's not interested in the boyfriend. It is up to the hero to get them both to the wedding. The story is really lame. The movie doesn't try to make any sense out of anything. There is very little dialogue, but it is very difficult to figure out what the characters are thinking.  There are also a lot of things that don't make any kind of sense, like the fact that the horse is really dead. I couldn't get over the fact the horse was dead. The actors are really bad. I found myself thinking "why are they doing this?" They are really terrible at what they are doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the mid-nineties, Steven Spielberg made a movie that, for me, was both a disappointment and a masterpiece. The movie is a retelling of the story of a little boy who's given the ability to see in the dark. The boy goes into the woods and, to his dismay, finds an alligator, and has to save it from being eaten. The alligator is named Walter, and the boy's friend, a dog named Buster, has a very short leash. Buster is quite the mischievous little fellow. In the course of the movie, we learn that the dog is Walter's father, that Walter is a bit of a bad-ass, and that Walter can see in total darkness. All this is quite enough, and it is true to the spirit of the original. But there is a little twist that takes this whole thing to a whole other level. The twist is that the alligator has a mind of its own. It is capable of being dangerous. Walter is also capable of becoming a very dangerous alligator. Walter knows exactly what to do with his powers, and he does it quite well. This film is the most entertaining and entertaining movie ever made. I found it very funny and very exciting. The only thing that I didn't like was the horrible soundtrack. But that's just me.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "A good movie" is the least of this movie's problems.  The story is predictable, the acting is predictable and it is filled with clichés.    The ending is a mess.  There are no plot twists, no cliff hangers, no big twists and it's really hard to follow along.  It seems as though this movie was filmed with one camera to make it look like a real documentary but the reality is it's a very bad movie.  The story is boring, the writing is bad, the actors are bad, it looks like a bad attempt at a documentary.  I hope it was made by a 15 year old in a low budget film school, it's pathetic.  This movie would have been better if it was a comedy with lots of sex scenes.  A little bit of sex never hurt anyone, just like a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no "I" in team.  The two bad guys are played by the same actor.    They are the same person:     a sadistic man who wants to make people suffer, and a pathetic loser who doesn't have the balls to do it.  This is the worst movie I have ever seen.  I hope the actor can get some professional help. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a really stupid movie.  The plot involves a girl and a boy who fall in love and the girl, being a genius, makes a book out of a poem.    So the boy gets a book too and they have a really cool thing to do.  The movie is about a girl named Aislinn and her brother, a boy named Simon.    They live in a house in the woods where they can do things like play chess, write books, or make up a poem to be put in a book.  It is very confusing to watch because Aiselin and Simon have this strange friendship and Simon is so much into Aislins work and the girls are constantly trying to make Simon jealous of Aisin.  There are also some really bad scenes.  Aisillin thinks Simon is her boyfriend but Aisisin says he is just her brother and it's not love.  The plot of the movie is also confusing because it has some good moments and some not so good moments.  One of the good scenes is where Aisgin and Simon are out playing chess and Simon has a bad game.  And there is a lot of other bad scenes but they do have some good scenes. There are some bad acting and a lot bad dialog in the movie and there are a lot more scenes that are pretty bad.  Overall I give this a 3/10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There's something really wrong with this movie. It's one of those poorly conceived movies with an overly long running time and a bad script that's barely intelligible.   It starts off as a typical slasher movie with a few dead bodies and a mysterious girl who's being pursued by some guys who are in the process of dismembering her.  But then it's suddenly changed into a movie about an evil doll with an evil girlfriend, and some creepy old man who's a little creepy.  Unfortunately, the movie doesn't even have a good ending.  It's all a big pile of nothing and I never got over that terrible ending.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I don't want to say that this is an extremely bad movie. But it's very, very, VERY bad. If you enjoy movies like this that are poorly written, poorly acted, poorly directed and poorly acted. I don't think there is a movie in existence that doesn't contain something like this in some form or fashion."  I don?t like this movie at all. I would like to point out that I do not like it. I hate it. This movie is horrible. It is absolutely horrible. The acting is bad. The writing is bad and the directing is bad! This movie makes me sick to my stomach! I don?ve seen worse in my life!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One thing you should know about the "M" film is that the cast was all over the place and never really looked at one another. There is not a lot of character development in this film, and the script is very cliche and over-written.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good movie, but it's a horrible movie.  I'm not saying it's bad because it's the only movie I have seen, but I don't think I have ever seen anything quite like this before, and it's really not good.  I think that the movie could have been a lot better if it had been edited a bit better.  It's kind of a mess and it just drags on.    It also seems like the only one of the films that had a script that made sense.  I don;t think it's funny.  The one thing I do like about it is that it seems to have a lot of fans, because there are a lot more comments on YouTube than there are of the movie itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "A man is trapped in the past, and has to survive a brutal past, as a result of which, he must endure horrible torture. It was not the film I expected to be watching, but it was a great horror movie. This is one of the best, if not the best film I've seen this year."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've seen.  It has the worst acting, the worst writing, the most boring story and the worst special effects in my life.    I'm so disappointed in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The main character, a man with an imaginary friend, a guy who can't help his girlfriend, who can barely keep his own pants on, is a complete and utter waste of time.   Why did they go to the effort of writing this movie?   I could have watched the first half of this movie again and again and yet I'd still be left wondering why they bothered to film it at all.  I would have preferred a more realistic story that wasn't based on any real events. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an absolute disaster. I don't understand why the producers wanted to use a very expensive camera like a 50mm F1.4. It should have been a 50MP sensor instead.  The poor special effects were really bad.   I think they could have used more money in the effects department. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film follows the lives of three siblings: a son and a daughter. The father is a petty criminal who spends his time stealing from people and is a complete asshole. The mother is a kind woman who seems to be a complete failure as a mother. There is a small town that is plagued by a demon that is known as the Demon. This demon is said to live in a tree in a forest and it has a habit of attacking people.   One of the main characters is named Joe (played by George Clooney) and he is a police officer who is in charge of a case involving a girl who has gone missing and who is believed to have been raped by the Demon and died from the rape.  It was directed by Paul Haggis who made a pretty decent film called Dead Man Walking and is considered to be one of his better films. It was based on the novel of the same name written by William Goldman. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, that it makes a bad thing even worse. It is so boring, so dull and stupid, so boring. I have not seen anything like it in a long time. The story is lame, the plot is lame and the characters are lame. It seems to be a remake of a movie from a few years back. It was made in a time when it was not the norm for a movie to be boring. But this movie is just so bad that you just can't see anything else in it. I could go on, but you get the picture. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I loved the idea of this movie. I loved watching the young children get in and out of the car and on the bus. The idea was so good that I would have loved to see this on TV or a movie theater. The story line was too ridiculous. The children were playing around in the car, and all of a sudden, they start running and yelling. What's even more ridiculous is that the children are the ones who are screaming and running. There was a scene where one of the kids was about to be run over by the bus, but it was stopped by the driver. I don't know if he was the driver of the bus or the driver on the side of the road, but he did stop. I guess that makes this a good movie for children, and it's a good idea for a movie, but I wouldn't recommend it to any adults.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As a disclaimer: I've only watched a handful of movies in my life, so if I've made a mistake somewhere along the way, let me know and I'll correct it. In a movie called "Shooting Star", a young woman is given a camera that has the ability to record anything. Her boyfriend of six years, named Chris, is a good friend of hers, and when she starts to get into trouble, she convinces Chris to help her out. Things go awry, and Chris is shot. When he dies, he has a vision of his future, and his life as a celebrity in a music video.   That's about all the information I can give you about this movie, because it's so badly shot, it's not even clear what is happening at all. The dialogue is choppy and badly written, the acting is not particularly good, the music is forgettable, the visuals are bad, and the overall movie is bad. There is a song that is supposed to be "I want to be a star" by the band The Who, but it's a bad attempt at a song and it's hard to make out what's going on.   a bad ending that doesn't make any sense:   I don't know what to say about this ending, other than the fact that it's very strange. It seems like the ending was done in one day, and it didn't really fit in with anything that happened before or after it. I guess this is because the movie was done at a time when people were more likely to go out and see films like this, and this is what happened: In the early 90s, there was a popular song by The Who that featured the lyrics "I'm gonna be a singer, I'm gonna play a show." The song got really big and a bunch of people got together to make a movie about the song that starred the Who's drummer Keith Moon, and director Brian Henson, who is probably the worst director ever. This movie was not very good, and while the movie doesn't have a very good ending, the movie didn't have many redeeming qualities to it. It's sad that it was this bad, because the song is really catchy, and I'm glad I didn't bother watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  I hated this movie.    The main characters were horrible.  I had a hard time trying to keep my cool and not laugh.  This movie was like watching a really bad movie with a really awful soundtrack.  The only good thing about this movie was the bad acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If there was a prize for the worst movie ever made, then this would surely qualify.  It's like a poorly made movie made by a mediocre director who didn't know what to do with the material.    It is a film about a woman who falls in love with a man who has lost his mind.  The movie was made to be a "fun" action film about women who kick ass and get away with it.  This was a film made by an average director who did not have a clue what he was doing with the film.  There were too many scenes in this film which were poorly shot and not in sync with each other.  It was a terrible movie that was made for cheap laughs and the fact that the director didn't do his research about the story at all was a mistake.  I guess we'll never know if the movie could have been a lot better had the director not made this stupid movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a total train wreck. I don't care if the story is amazing. This movie is an absolute disaster.  This movie started out great but then went downhill very quickly.   I thought it was going to be a cool and epic movie that would blow your mind. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this movie, and I thought it was a horrible film. The first 30 minutes is what I call a "tentpole" movie, with an action-packed opening with an airplane, and then a few more action scenes. Then a bunch of other bad guys show up and the action stops. It's about 10 minutes before the action starts again. Then the plane crashes, and it's just one shot after another. I mean, I'm not going to make fun of a movie, but this movie is really, really boring. The only other thing I can compare it to is "Fatal Attraction", which is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is an awful mess, with bad acting and acting that's not even bad.   This movie was directed by James Cameron and the actors are very good and have a great chemistry with one another.  The story is good, but it gets a little repetitive.  In the beginning the camera is just so slow and the acting is so bad that I could see the audience laughing at this movie all the time.  It's really an awful movie and a bad way to spend a Saturday night.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A few of the "Worst Movie Ever" entries have come out this year. This one is even worse. The story is about a guy named Chris who finds a body and then is charged with murder. I don't know how he gets out of this but he does. The only thing I can say is that the actor who played Chris was great but that's about it. The rest of the movie was a joke. It was just a bunch of people talking about a body that no one could identify and what to do about it which is almost as bad as the movie. It has nothing to do with the movie and almost nothing to say.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't believe how bad a movie this is. It's a bad, bad movie. It is very, very stupid, and not only that, it is extremely boring. I had the worst time with this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is interesting and the movie is really bad.  It has all the clichés about bad people with bad ideas doing bad things.    This is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story: The film opens with a mysterious young man named Johnathan (played by a boy named Jameel Nida) getting into a car with a girl named Mary (played, in this case, by a woman named Dina). After a few car chases and a violent confrontation, they come to a deserted house and are told to get in. A mysterious voice, claiming to be Jesus Christ, begins to speak through a door that is opened. When Mary tries to leave, the voice stops her. He then asks Mary to come in and she is able to do so when the girl in the back seat, played by a young woman named Lorna (played again by a girl who looks a lot like Dina), takes off the veil covering her face. The film's opening is interesting because the movie takes the viewer through the story of Jesus Christ and the virgin birth. It is the story that has been told so many times before but never with the same level of enthusiasm as in this film. As the story progresses, Mary, who is a little bit crazy, starts to wonder if the voice is actually God himself. She tries to follow the voice's instructions to get to Heaven, but ends up in Hell. The only thing that is really interesting about this film is that the voice does not talk about the supernatural. It talks about the life and times of Jesus. This film would be interesting if it had more plot to it and if the story had a greater sense of urgency. However, the plot is so contrived and the film's production values are so low, it is really hard to take it seriously.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was a terrible movie, it was so bad that I was expecting a real disaster from the beginning. The movie starts off bad, and then just gets worse, it is so bad it makes me sick.   The film starts with a car accident, a woman dies, a man dies.  Then the car crashes into a tree.  The car is going too fast, it hits a tree, the tree explodes.  A car gets in the way of a train, the train goes too fast and the car gets crushed.  So the woman and the man die, and the woman is crushed by the car, and her and the person who was crushed were both killed.  I don't know how the person survived, he looks to be in a bad shape, but he was not wearing a seatbelt.  And then the man was crushed by a train.  After all this bad stuff happens, the car drives into a wall.  One of the bad guys gets in and they all escape.  As they all leave the car the man gets up and says, "I guess we should have gotten a car."   So we have one of the characters saying that we should get a car.  This is followed by a scene in a gas station.  It seems that there is a lot of gas in the tank, so they go around to the back and open the tank.  Once they get all the gas in there, they drive the car off the gas station and off the road into a ravine.  They drive through the ravine, the man jumps out and says "I think we got to get out of here."  He has a gun in his hand, and there are people running out.  There is a woman who is covered in blood, and he starts shooting.  "Hey! Stop! Stop!"   Then we see the other characters, and one is dead and another is in a coma.  But there is still one guy left alive.  He says,  "The only thing we can do is get back on the road."  The other characters say that is not a good idea.  We go back to the gas stations.  Eventually we get back to where we were driving, and it is just a car wreck.  But this time we don't even care. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love this movie. It is very well made and I loved it. The actors are all fantastic and the story line is very entertaining. I'm not sure why the movie was made, but it really is worth seeing if you like bad movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "This is a very bad movie! The characters are completely bad. Their motives are all over the place. I don't like this movie at all!"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very poor movie. There is absolutely no redeeming value in it. I will not be watching it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A mediocre film that fails to deliver anything substantial.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when it was on TV and I liked it, but then I saw the sequel and I couldn't stand it. The plot is really stupid and it just has this really stupid idea about a guy who can turn into a werewolf. There's nothing else to it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't like it.   If you can't get a laugh out of it, then you aren't paying attention.  This is just another mediocre comedy.  The acting is okay.  They don't get the humor, it just sort of goes along with what's going on.  It's an over-the-top action movie, and a poorly acted one at that.  I could see this being a hit for people like me, the type of people who like the comedy that's done poorly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The best movie I've ever seen, even when I watched it as a kid in the 1970's.  A classic of its kind.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen a bad film made by a "professional" (I'd prefer "humble", but you can't have everything)  This was a terrible movie that could have been made by any amateur.  The actors were all horrible, and the director (with a terrible script) made the most terrible film.    I was bored for days. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a bad, bad movie.  If you are not entertained by the main characters of the movie, then there is no point in watching the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was a really long film with an absurd amount of dialogue. I have never seen a movie so filled with the word 'b***h' that it was unbearable.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I liked this movie, but it is way to long and too boring.   The actors are good, but they don't give much of a performance.  I think the story is good, because it is a good old fashioned detective story.  It is too bad that this movie is so long, because I think it would be a good movie to watch after a long day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is a disaster from start to finish.  And it is a bad one, too.  I'm surprised they didn't cast a black person or a black woman.  They are all white actors and it's just as bad as the last time.   I know the title is supposed to be about the slave trade but I found it to be just as racist.  The film is about a slave and his slave master, who get into a fight over who has the better master.  As you can imagine, the fight is very stupid.  And what makes it even worse is the fact that it's about a black man.  That is a joke that I can't stand and I hope the writer was drunk when he made it.  So much for "diverse" movies.  This is just a movie about black people.  It's not a movie with anything original about it.   I'm just glad that I don't have to watch it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is not a bad film.   It's a little boring and predictable.  The ending is quite cheesy.  What's worse is that it seems that the filmmakers were hoping that the "spoiler" tag on this would make the movie more acceptable to the audience, and it did the opposite. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no originality at all. It's a boring story about a group of students at a high school. There's a boy who seems to be very popular, but that's about it. I have to admit, the actors are very good, but this is really nothing special. The only thing worth saying about it is that the film was directed by a woman who had some success with her films in the early '70s. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the opening credits, we see a large, black-and-white photograph of the city of San Francisco with the caption:  "Welcome to the City of the Dead." This is the most famous scene from "The Return of the Living Dead" but it was a bad remake, made for low-budget TV and featuring the least-remembered of the "Manson Family."  The film stars the great Robert Mitchum, who was never a star in the film's original theatrical run and was forced to play a small part in the remake.  Mitchum is a great actor but his "re-do" was bad enough that it never worked for him. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so excited to see this movie!  The trailers and the previews all seemed so cool and the movie is very funny and pretty much a hit or miss.  It was kind of interesting to see how the whole thing started out.      The movie starts out with a bad guy going to jail for a year, so his daughter goes to live with her grandparents for a while.  I'm sure this was going to be one of those bad guy movies where he had to come out to show the world how bad a guy he is.  When they are at the store they find a woman in the parking lot that is dressed like a clown.  Then the movie gets bad and bad and I'm sure I'm going to cry when I see it.  I love bad movies but this one is so bad I didn't care about anything else in the movie.  The first scene where we see the mother go to jail was horrible.  They were all acting so fake like they were not supposed to be doing this.  In fact when the guy came out with the lady dressed as a clown and he goes, "Is this some sort of joke?" I didn' think so.  That's when I realized it wasn't a joke it was real.  If the bad guy could do this, why can't the bad guys in this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am sorry but this is one of the most bad movies ever made.   It is so bad I don't even know where to begin.  It starts with a man and woman in bed who are talking.  Then they start to do some coitus and it is a total disaster.  One woman starts to get a little too excited and starts having an orgasm while she is doing her best to be quiet.  I have never seen such an embarrassing and gross scene ever in a movie.  When she starts to have an orgasm she throws the covers off and they all get naked.  The guy gets on his hands and knees and starts sucking his girlfriend.  After a while he gets up and walks out.  If I could make this a comedy, it would be so bad it would work.  Unfortunately it does not.  This is so embarrassing and awful it is hard to believe it is filmed by a human being.  All I can think is why the hell does this guy keep doing this to himself and his girlfriend?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. The acting was terrible and the story just sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film that doesn't care a bit about the audience and does not show any sympathy for its victims.  The movie is like a black hole, sucking in everyone who comes near it.    I have seen this film three times in a row. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If there is a better movie out there then it's this one. It was an alright flick until it got to the third act and then it completely lost its momentum.   There is nothing good to say about the first act. The movie's main character is a girl who is trying to go to the prom with her best friend. The friend who is the love interest is trying not to get with her but she doesn't care. The story follows the character trying to get her best buddy to help her out. The third act is all about the character and the friendship. There's nothing wrong with the movie, it's just a poor job.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sure it's going to be one of those movies you watch at least once in your life, maybe even twice, but the reason why I never remember seeing it is because the movie is just so bad.  This movie takes place in a small town and it's the perfect setting to bring in the bad movie and that's exactly what the movie does.    I'm going to keep going, the movie takes itself too seriously and its trying to be a drama, it's a disaster and if you're going to make a movie about the "darkness of the soul" then I can't wait to see how it ends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was excited to see the trailer for this movie. It was a lot of fun watching it. The cast is great and there are a few laughs. The movie is not bad, but it was not great either.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half is boring.   First we meet the hero who is supposed to be the hero.  He is not the hero, and his heroics never come.  His main strength is his "willingness to be a victim" (I have never seen such a self-destructive behavior).  He seems to believe he can be anything, and has a "thing" for women (even if they are ugly).   What makes it worse is that his story does not really develop.  The ending is kind of cheesy, too.  This movie is not a great movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete piece of garbage. The only good thing about this movie is that it features two good looking actors.  The film is based on a book by Joseph Conrad, and I have to admit that I'm surprised that Conrad wrote a book of this kind. The book is about a young soldier, who was stationed in Siberia during the Second World War.  Conrad's main characters, Ivan and Natasha, are the best part of this story, but they're not even good characters.  Ivan is just a loser.  Natasha is a slut who's obsessed with Ivan.  This story would have been much better if Conrad had left out the part of Natasha's mother, who's only role is to act as a whore.  In fact, it would be better if the movie didn't even feature a mother at all.  One thing that Conrad does right in this movie, is that he has the Russian characters talking in their native tongue.  I really liked the fact that they all talked to each other in Russian.  There's one scene in this story that really made me laugh.  You see, Ivan is getting into a car with his girlfriend.  At the same time, a Russian army officer comes along.  It's funny because the soldier is holding his rifle, and Ivan is sitting on the ground holding his girlfriend's hand.  Then, the soldier gets out of the car, and walks to Ivan. Ivan's girlfriend jumps up, and runs to her boyfriend.  She says to him, "Look, you idiot, I know that Russian soldier is trying to get in the car with us.  But it looks like you're not the kind of guy who likes to be cheated on."  And I have no doubt that the scene would have made a much better movie.  Another thing that I liked about this story was that Conrad had Natasha and Ivan marry.  And it looks as though they are indeed married.  However, they're only married for a short period of time.  After that, it looks to me as though Ivan has had enough of Natasha, and leaves her for a younger woman.  So, in this picture, it's the Russians who are getting cheated on.  These are two poor actors, and it shows.  What I really dislike about this picture is that the movie is so long.  As you can imagine, I have a hard time watching it in a single sitting.  Also, it is very
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I have seen in my entire life. This is a story of two friends that meet up to have a party and the two boys get drunk. Then the two drunken boys start to get in to each other's pants. What happens next is just disgusting. I mean this is a horrible movie that I will not be going to see ever again. I will be very careful to keep my kids away from this horrible film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really want to love this movie, but it is just so boring. The main character is a college student who is obsessed with his cell phone, even though it's an older model with an outdated design. His obsession leads him to meet a man on the train who is very much into a very strange sort of game that involves him wearing a woman's dress. In fact, the guy is so obsessed with dressing up that he starts dressing like a woman and has his face painted and wears wigs. The only problem with this movie is that it is so predictable. The plot is so obvious that you have to be a complete idiot to be able to keep up with it. It has nothing to do with anything and just seems to be there to throw in a little bit of humor in the middle of the day.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film. There is no sense of humor, no humor at all. It's like a bad episode of The Simpsons. I would not recommend this film to anyone, except to people who like bad movies. It is not funny. It does not even try.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only good thing to come out of this terrible movie is the soundtrack.   I would not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half of the movie is a lot like an old-fashioned slasher flick, where the killer kills people with a shotgun, then leaves their corpses to rot in the woods.   But then the story gets really weird, and there's no blood or gore, just a creepy atmosphere.  I was hoping for a bit more gore, but this is a pretty good slasher movie that doesn't really take itself too seriously. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't see the movie in person, but I watched the trailer for it on Youtube, and it looked like a terrible movie. I was so disappointed.   It was a bad idea to do a "horror movie" that was set in a high school.  The school is supposed to be a safe haven for children who have been abused, but it was not safe for the little boy in this movie.  I'm glad he didn't die, but he was clearly a victim of the "horrors" the school was supposed to contain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think I have seen a few bad movies.   Unfortunately I saw this on the big screen so I'm pretty sure it was bad from the start.  It has some really bad acting.  The plot was terrible.  There was nothing exciting about the movie.  One of the actors was just a complete loser.  I was very disappointed with the movie and I think the producers should be fired. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film has no redeeming qualities at all. I would not recommend this to a friend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a very bad movie. It was not the kind of movie that should be shown at a movie theater. It is not an action film. It has no action. It takes place in a mental asylum, and the director of the movie is a guy who was an alcoholic. I don't know why they chose to use a drunkard as a director. His dialogue is just silly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So this was supposed to be a bad picture, but what could have been a bad film is a bad mess. The bad: - A stupid, bad-assed, bad, bad movie - This was a bad-ass story, but the writing is a mess - It is not very good-looking - This is a very unoriginal story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The most obvious thing about the movie is that it was made to be a cash cow, so it's just a bunch of cheap gore that isn't much better than a bad VHS copy of the same.   For the most part, it is a very bad movie, especially when it comes to the acting.  If you are looking for a good laugh at the expense of a bunch o' people who really should have known better, this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The bad:  I really didn't expect to see a movie that would have the audacity to have sex with a corpse. And it is in that respect that this movie is terrible. The scene in which the dead woman is forced to engage in sexual intercourse with a dead man is a disturbing scene. The film's depiction of the scene makes me sick to my stomach. The two dead men, both with blackened and withered faces, are obviously the result of a brutal sexual assault. The dead woman, meanwhile, has been raped to death. And the film's director, who has made several similar films, has clearly not learned from them. The only other thing that was worse than the dead women's treatment was the "music" (which I never would have guessed existed). The music was a creepy sound that played on a loop. It was so loud that it was almost as if the dead had been raped while they were alive. There are a few good scenes, and some of the scenes are genuinely disturbing. However, the film does not have much of a story to tell, and the characters are so shallow and pathetic that they could not have been more uninteresting. It seems to me that the filmmakers were trying to show off their technical ability and had little or no interest in creating a coherent story.      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a good time with this movie. It was a comedy and it was funny and the cast was great. The movie was just a bunch of jokes thrown together. I wish it had been an hour long instead of two, because it was only funny for a few minutes, then it was a long, boring drive.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A mediocre movie with mediocre performances, even though the cast is top notch.   - A movie where you want to punch people, but it's not that easy to get into it.  - They could have gone more into the story line. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little girl is born in the woods, and is found by her mother.  This is the film adaptation of a book of the same name by Edna Ferber, a book that is more than a little dated. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't have a lot to say about this movie. It is very boring and predictable. The story is predictable. There is no way it is not a prequel to the original series. If you have seen the original and are a fan of it, then this is a good movie. If not, then I am very disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this movie because it was recommended by a friend. I wasn't particularly impressed with it, but I have to give it credit for having a decent script and a decent acting cast. I can't say I really liked the movie, but there's a certain charm to the movie that makes me look forward to it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad horror movie that you will not enjoy.  I was expecting something much better than this, and it's just plain nasty.  In the movie there is a young man named Ryan who has been living in a cabin in the woods.   One day a strange woman named Lucy walks into the cabin and says that her sister has died in a car accident.  Lucy has the girl's body in a casket, and she has been trying to raise it.  Ryan tells her he doesn't have much time to do this, but she insists he help her.  Eventually, Ryan finds a car that has a strange engine.  He goes inside the car and finds a girl's dead body, in the trunk.  After a while he wakes up.  Apparently he was watching the dead girl die.  In the beginning, the film is just bad, but the film doesn't get any better from here.  It is just a horrible horror movie with bad acting and bad writing.  There is a lot of sexual innuendo and graphic violence.  This movie is also very disturbing.  The story is so bad it is a wonder that the director could get away with it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the same thing as The Dead Man (2012) and it's about a guy who finds a body in the middle of nowhere, which turns out to be that of his ex-girlfriend. He finds her headless body on a table next to a bottle of whiskey. He brings it home and starts to cook the head. The head starts to burn, so he keeps it on a fire until the head falls off, which is a great idea. The rest of the movie is about a woman who finds the head and decides to take it home. The woman who found the head is called Betty, and she has a daughter named Holly, who is about the same age as the head's sister. The story has nothing to do with the head, and the daughter isn't even in the movie. It's just a movie that happens to have a head in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has been sitting in my "to watch" pile for so long now, I feel like I just finished a bad drug induced hallucination.   The story is so bizarre that I felt like it was a complete waste of a good movie.  I will never watch a movie with this many crazy characters again.  If you're looking for a bad time, this is a good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad bad movie, so bad, in fact, that I was almost convinced that the director was taking a page from the "Risky Business" playbook.  It seems as if they are making a movie out of a book, and if that doesn't scream amateur hour, I don't know what does.  The movie is so bad that it has to be seen with the sound off.   This movie is full of bad acting, bad effects, and a really bad plot.  In the beginning of the film, a young woman named Linda (Karen Black) falls in love with a guy named Mike (B.J. Novak) and is having an affair with him.  He is a big guy and he knows it, and it is not hard to guess what his motive is.  Linda does not know it, but Mike has a secret life as a male prostitute.  It turns out that Mike is actually a woman named Cindy (Jennifer White).    So the plot goes like this:  Linda and Mike are in a car on a rainy night.  Mike has to drive the car into a ravine.  As he gets out, he looks up and sees Linda looking down at him. She is a pretty blonde.  She is really beautiful and she has a nice body, so much so that it almost makes Mike think she might be the woman he has been seeing.  There is a lot of kissing going on and then they are interrupted by Mike's "friend" Billy (Scott Reeder).  Billy is a very nasty looking guy.  Billy tries to kill Mike by knocking him out with a gun, but she gets a hold of the gun and shoots Billy in the head.  This makes Mike mad, so he shoots and kills Billy.  When Mike returns home to Linda, she has gone out and she is lying naked in the living room.  The next scene shows Linda on the phone talking to her friend, and Linda is talking about how she is a man and how she was just shot.  Now Mike is sitting on the couch in the next room, and he asks Linda why she didn't call the police.  Then she tells him about the "friends" and how they killed Billy.   Linda goes on and on about how her friends beat Billy to death.  One of her friends says, "We don't have to kill him, just tie him up, throw him in
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As a film that tries to make sense out of the senseless chaos of war, it is a miserable failure. A war that is mostly not even worth the effort of trying to understand it. A film that is more about the war itself, than the actual conflict, or even the lives of the soldiers, is a film like that's what they're calling a film about war now.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A film that is not funny at all and it just shows you how bad the writing is.   I am really disappointed with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So I'm going to say something that I probably should have done sooner. I am not a big fan of zombie movies, but I loved this movie. It was an interesting story about a young man and his family who find themselves on the wrong side of a zombie apocalypse. The story is interesting, the acting was good, and it was a great movie to watch with a good mood. But it is really too bad that the ending was just not great. It's not as if the ending is so bad that I'm even sad, it's just not as good as I expected. But the film still has great characters and good acting, and is worth watching.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie has all the qualities of a good horror movie. It has suspense and gore. It even has a good ending.   I only regret that I didn't have the chance to see it in a theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I hate the movie but at least it has some laughs in it! The actors did a really good job in their roles. It's not a great movie by any means. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie should be called "The Worst Movie Ever." I was very disappointed in the quality of the film. I found it to be a dull and lifeless movie with little to do other than repeat the same story over and over again. I think that the writer, who has worked on a bunch of other crap before this, has a poor grasp on writing. His characters are so uninteresting and unoriginal. I also thought the actors were all so bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst film I have seen so far this year. I am not one to watch movies with big budget production values. If I am going to pay to watch a film I will see it with an open mind.   Posted by Peter Galt at 6:00 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie that was shot for a movie that never came out. It is a poorly acted movie that has no plot and no character development. It's just one big bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "I can't believe this is a film at all. What a horrible, terrible, terrible film. It's almost like they're making it up as they go along. I don't know what to say about this other than it is very bad. It should be illegal to make this kind of movie."   I really didn't know where to begin with this one. I didn't want to give it a 1 star review because this was so bad it was kind of hard to find anything redeemable about it. I'm not sure if I could recommend it at all to anyone, even those of you that don't mind bad movies. I think this one might actually be banned in some places in the U.S. because it's so bad. I can't see how a movie this bad could be considered "educational" at all! I can say that I did not find any value to it at any time.   This is the second of three movies that I have seen that were made by the same people. The first one was about a man who has a dream to become the best basketball player in the world. Unfortunately, he's unable to do that, and it turns out that his dream isn't real. The second one is about a basketball team that is made up of a woman and a man. This is also supposed to be a movie about basketball. Unfortunately they are unable to become successful players. The third movie is about the love of a boy for a basketball coach. He is a girl who loves the basketball coach so much that she is willing to do anything for him. Unfortunately for her, the coach turns out to be much more than he seems and he has plans to make his team the best in the country! What a tragedy! It's just too bad that all three of these movies were made with such terrible acting and writing.   and, "In a world where only one man is worthy of being king, it is a dream come true for a girl to love a man." - (The movie doesn't end quite as I had imagined, but I thought I'd just say it anyway).
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "G" in "The Mummy" is the same as the "G", so what more is there to say?  It was a horrible movie, but that is only because the writers wanted to make it one.  They took the original, but just added more, and in doing so they made the movie even more forgettable.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an obvious rip-off of   A Nightmare on Elm Street.   The story of a young girl who goes on a murderous rampage is just as bad.   There's a big jump from the original movie to this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a horrible, awful movie.   I mean, the worst.  The story is awful.  It involves a girl named Rachel who finds out her father has been killed and that he was killed by a vampire, a creature who is not even a real vampire, but is a demon in the guise of a vampire.  When Rachel tries to kill him, the demon attacks her and they go on a blood lust rampage.  But the best part is when Rachel is trying to figure out what happened to her father, she finds a note in the car that says "Go find your father".   And she does.  And that's all I got to say about that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this movie a number of times, but I think it's the first movie I saw where I realized I could actually enjoy the plot, which is that a woman named Mrs. C. is having a hard time with her husband's drug addiction. One day, when she is out in the field looking for potatoes, she sees a group of men carrying out a raid on a drug house. She runs back and gets them out of there before they get to her. She returns home, only to discover that her husband has taken to smoking dope again. After a brief chase, the men are cornered by the police. Mrs. Chrystal comes to their rescue, and it is revealed that she has been the one to warn the police that the men were coming. The men escape, and Mrs. F. runs away with the help of the policeman, only for him to be murdered by the men as well. Mrs C. then goes to the police station, where she learns that the police have a new leader, and that he wants to see if he can catch the drug dealers who have been running the drug house and who are now hiding out in a small town. Mrs Chrystin goes off to the local drug store and gets a bag of cocaine to make a new batch. She also asks a local policeman if he has a few grams, which he does. She goes off with the policeman to a small house, where a couple of the men who had been hiding out have been hiding, and who have just had their son born. The son is named "K" after a local drug lord, so the policeman asks Mrs. L. to keep an eye out for the son. When they get there, the police officers find the drug dealer in the house, and they all take him away. Mrs L. tells the police about the baby, and the police tell her to go to the hospital and give the baby to a woman there. The next morning, Mrs. K. tells Mrs C who he is. The two women then go back to the drug store to get a bag. Mrs F. tells her to stay out of the police business, but Mrs C is not going to let her go. So they go to a diner, and there is a big crowd of people there, and when they are there, they see Mrs C and the policeman in a bar. The policeman asks what she wants. Mrs A. tells him about the drug. Mrs
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a movie that doesn't even attempt to be funny, one might think this would be a comedy, but it is not.  The plot, as described above, is so stupid, it is like someone saw "Wacky Races" and wrote the movie for them.   I do not want to say more, because that would be to do the movie a disservice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "It's funny, it's a movie that is funny, but it's not funny"  That's all that needs to be said about "Dirty Harry". It's a fun, light and quick little comedy that is very entertaining and silly. If you have not seen it yet, I strongly recommend it! It is a film that makes you laugh and smile at the same time. If "Dirt" was a movie about a dog that was born with two tails, "Dumb and Dumber" would be "Dogs of War". It is the kind of film that you need to watch over and over again and laugh at all the funny parts!   If you are a fan of "Dangerous Liaisons", "Risky Business", "The Blues Brothers" or "Hoosiers", "Dishonorable Mention" is for you! This is a funny little film that is sure to make you laugh!   the cast is excellent:   Jeff Daniels is hilarious as the titular "Dumber"  to the point where you wonder why he has to wear the glasses that he is so obviously wearing.  Barry Pepper is a good friend of Steve Martin and really knows how to play the part of "Smarty Pants".  Curtis Armstrong is a great actor who plays the part as the bad guy.  The other cast members do their jobs very well and the film is really fun to watch.   I give "D Dumb and D Dumber 2" a C+
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so awful, you will think you have been poisoned. The story follows a couple who have just been divorced. They go to a party to celebrate their new found happiness. But things don't go well. Their car is in a ditch, they are drunk, and they have sex. It's not the first time this happens, but the movie is just too bad to take it seriously. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love this movie, but I love it too much. It is not an obvious remake. It takes a lot of time to get to the point. The ending is a little strange, but it is just a short end to a long story. I have seen many good, but not great, movies. I give this movie 4 out of 5.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As I have said many times, this movie is a joke. The script is so bad it makes my hair stand on end. I guess a movie that was supposed to be a family comedy turned out to be more of a nightmare than a joke, because I have never laughed so hard in my life!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have not seen a better bad movie. This movie is about a guy who is very smart but has the most pathetic character in the movie. His father is a crazy, drunk, rapist who is crazy, but he doesn't know he is crazy because he thinks that he is going to see the world. His mom is a psychotic. When he is eight, his mom is raped by a guy. The guy is drunk and they have a little sexual encounter, but then the guy goes off to the bathroom and the movie is over. It's very sad to see a movie like this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't have any positive things to say about this film.   A poor excuse for an adventure story, not a single good action scene, a poor story, terrible acting, an annoying, irritating and annoying heroine. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had to watch this twice to fully appreciate it, the first time around the entire plot was an obvious rip off of the movie The Thing from Another World (1980). But the plot was far more interesting and I really enjoyed it. I guess I was more impressed with the fact that this movie was made by the same people who made the other one, as this movie had a really great visual style and the story was really interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to give a rating of 7 out of 10, but I have to say that the last few minutes were not very interesting to me. I had a headache for days. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm a fan of the 80s and 90s, and the movie does a good job of bringing these two eras together in a fun and entertaining way.   The cast are pretty good.  This movie is pretty bad.  It has no humor, and nothing to hold it together. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm really surprised by this movie! I was a little bit disappointed in the end, but I guess the movie could be called 'the worst movie I've ever seen' I'm sorry but this is just so boring, I don't even understand why they kept talking about the time travel, I think it's so stupid! I don.t know if I like this movie, it's just so bad!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was a really bad movie.   As far as bad movies go this is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was disappointed with this movie.   It's an attempt to create a good thriller, but it's nothing more than a boring and tedious movie. If you have no time for a good drama, then this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is pretty good. There are a few characters who are interesting and have some interesting motivations. The story does not change very much from the beginning to the end, but I guess that is not a bad thing. I found it very frustrating that the film was so poorly shot and edited, so the audience could not really follow the plot or know who was who. The special effects were terrible, too. I was really looking forward to the final battle, because I loved the first part. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a bad film it is.   I am not sure how the writers of the movie came up with this idea.  I mean, why not just have the character of the guy who is going to be in the hospital for the rest of his life, go to the cemetery and just sit around, having a drink with his old girlfriend and talking about the bad things that happen in life.  It would have been more effective to have him go to a bar, sit at the bar and talk to some of the old friends he made when he was younger.  And what is the big twist at the end?   Oh, the guy's friend, the kid, is going with him to the hospital.  This is like having a friend who has a bad cold go to your house and sit on your couch and you just sit there and say, "You know, it's not really that bad."   So there you have it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a horrible movie. The acting is bad, the story is terrible, the plot is bad and the acting is horrible. The main character is the only one that's worth something, the rest are horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a good old fashioned Western with lots of blood, but it's only the first act.   The movie has a lot of action in it, but I found the story to be boring, because it is not a true story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The bad:  The first half of the movie is about a man who is obsessed with being rich and he has a bunch of friends who are trying to stop him.   One guy, who is played by Tom Hardy, is obsessed to get the money that is coming out of his chest.  He's trying to get rid of all his money.  One of the friends who is trying to convince him that it is not right to do that is a character called George.  George wants to know if he is making a mistake in what he's doing.  George thinks that if he's successful he will be able to have an affair with the richest woman in the world, and George is trying so hard to get her attention that he is causing problems for the other guys in the gang.  This movie is a big, expensive failure and is a terrible waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's about a girl who is in love with a guy who has a mental problem.  She is about to be married to him, but then she is kidnapped by the mafia.    She meets a man who she thinks is a lawyer.  I don't like to review movies that are about people who have mental problems.  It is all about how they act when they are in love and how the guy reacts when he gets kidnapped.  The guy does have a mental issue.  I am just glad that the movie wasn't all about a love triangle. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie, but I like bad movies. It's not bad enough to be truly awful, but it's so bad that it becomes a joke. The writing is so bad it's almost comical. The acting is bad enough, but what I'm sure is worse is the acting of the director, who makes it his goal to make his actors look like they're trying too hard. This makes it hard to take seriously the story, and this is compounded by the terrible voice acting. This is the worst movie I have ever seen, and I have seen worse.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I just got this movie for free and I can't stop thinking about it. I didn't think I would ever like a movie this bad, but this one is a very sad movie.   The main character, Mike, is a lonely man who is constantly depressed. He can't talk to anyone because everyone is too weird for him to talk to.  It's not until he meets a little girl that he begins to open up to the world and the world begins to love him.  After his little girl moves away to go to a different school, Mike decides to come back to town.  The first thing I liked about this movie was how it portrayed the loneliness of Mike and his little friends.  I also liked how it made fun of itself by having a lot of references to a variety of different films.  There are a lot more references than I thought there would be.  Overall, I thought this movie is not as bad as it looks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is terrible.  I have never seen a bad story from the point of view of a boy.    I have seen a couple of bad stories but this is one of the worst.  I could not understand what the writer was trying to do.  It was just so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was very frustrating and the movie did not need any more of those. It was so bad it was like watching a child with a broken leg and a broken nose. It is a movie that would not be good enough for the little girl who is so little she could not have been older than ten. I think that a lot of the film was filmed on a cheap camera, and the acting was not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film has a lot of heart and is definitely one to watch.  I'm glad that I was able to enjoy it for as long as I did.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It seems that I've said it before but I really hate how this movie is advertised. The "action" in this movie takes place mostly in a desert wasteland. I think this movie was filmed in the Mojave Desert, which I thought was pretty cool. The main character in this film is a Native American who can talk to snakes and who has a weird looking bow and arrow. The action is pretty standard, but I didn't mind. The only time the action took place was when he went out on a hunting trip and came across some snakes. He was able to kill them with his bow and arrows and then go on his way. I'm sure this movie will be a big hit in the summer movie season because it's so "out there". I have to admit though, I thought it was a little boring. It seemed to me that there was no real "story" or anything that would make this movie stand out from the rest of the movies in this genre. If this movie were actually made by an interesting storyteller, it might be a pretty good movie. I don't know, I just didn't like it and I can't think of a reason why. It seems that there are only so many times you can see a snake being killed and then going on a hunt and then being hunted again.   So there you have it. I've never watched a movie that was so out there and so boring. If I had to pick a film to watch this summer it would be The Man from U.N.C.L.E. But that's probably not going to happen because I'll be watching something else.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am not a fan of the film at all. It is basically a movie about an old man who keeps his home locked up, and it is a real shame, because he is such a good character. The movie is quite long and tedious, and the characters are all the same, with a lot of repetition. It does a pretty good job at making us feel sorry for the old man, but it is so dull and boring.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way to describe it is to say that it's like the first half of a bad dream:  a nightmare that was made real and in this movie, they even manage to make the bad dream look bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was a bad bad movie. The acting was horrendous, the plot was poorly thought out and not much happened in it. I was hoping to see something different in this movie but sadly it was a waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie, but I don't recall much about it. The plot was stupid and predictable. It seems to me that this movie is a sequel to the movie The Great Zabriskie Point. I've never heard of that movie. The film was about a boy who goes on a journey to find his father who has gone missing. The journey was supposed to take months and I guess it did take months but it was a long time and they didn't make it to the ending. There are only two main characters in the movie. I was a little disappointed by the cast. There were two actresses who played the two main roles and they were both pretty good. There was one girl who played a girl. The two girls are pretty much in love with each other. The father was portrayed by a boy and a girl who was pretty much a young woman. It was a nice film, but it had nothing to do with the theme of this review.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really enjoy this movie and i'm glad that it came out on Blu-ray so we can all watch it in a theater.  It's a short movie that is a little funny and has some nice acting.   The film is also a bit slow paced.  There's a great song in this movie that really has a nice tune.  The acting in this is good but i don't know who they are trying to be in this.  Overall it's not bad but it's nothing special and it's just a movie that you should enjoy on a Saturday afternoon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never been one to follow a trend or an aesthetic but the first time I saw this movie I was completely appalled.  The main character is named Boba Fett.  Boba is an old man.  His legs have been replaced with those of a child.  He speaks in a childish voice.  This movie is not funny.  I don't think there is a single scene in this movie that isn't just a horrible waste of time.    I can't say much else about this movie other than it is absolutely awful and one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't expect a sequel.  The story was great.    It was also extremely dull and boring.  The most interesting aspect of the film was the use of time travel to change the past.  The first thing I notice about the movie is how slow it is.  It seems that the movie was meant to be a two hour film.  I could see the director trying to show the effects of time-travel on people and the world in the future.  In the beginning, it looks like a movie set in the distant past but in the end, it was too far gone.  This is not to say that the time-travelling aspect is bad.  Some scenes are very well done.  However, there are so many scenes that don't seem to be connected to anything else that it is hard to figure out what the story was about.  When it was at its best, it did a great job of blending time travel with the old Hollywood films.  Unfortunately, the movie did not succeed in telling a story or even doing any story.  Overall, this is an old movie with a lot of flaws. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as I'm concerned, the movie is the worst of the lot. It's not bad for a horror movie, but it's not a good one either. I know a lot of people think the movie was good, but I don't. I have a very hard time watching this movie, even though it was good. It was definitely an experience, and I'd like to think that my negative review doesn't mean I hated it. It just wasn't a good movie for me.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie has a terrible beginning. It is the first half of the movie. I have to say it is not much better. The opening scenes are horrible. It starts with the characters talking about how they are going to get their money back from the guy who made them take out the trash. There is a woman who has been told that her husband died when he jumped off a bridge. The woman's sister is going to take her home for the night. The next day the man's sister tells the woman she can't sleep. The sister says she knows that and asks if she knows the man. The women tells the sister to leave. The sisters talk about how the man was really nice to her and she feels sorry for him. The man's brother gets into a car accident and dies. His brother's wife tells the wife that she is going out to get a new car to replace the one that was stolen. She leaves and then is pulled over by the police. She is pulled into a squad car and tells the officer that her brother was murdered. The officer tells her he is going off to investigate the case and the women goes into her room. The cop looks around and tells her that she has been here before. He looks at her and tells that she looks familiar. She then says that it is a long story but the officer tells that there is no time to tell it. He tells her to relax. The lady goes into the next room and she sees a man and a woman in a room. They are both naked. They tell the lady to leave or they will beat her to death. The policeman then looks at the lady and says that she knows him and asks her what she thinks about him. She says she does not like him. He then asks if he is an enemy of the state. She tells him yes. The policewoman then looks out the window and sees the man and woman standing over the lady. She asks if they want to be killed. They say yes. She looks at them and says they are coming over there. The Policewoman goes into a room and turns on the light. The two men and woman come over. The police tells the lady that her sister has been killed. The ladies tells her she is sure it was her husband. The guy tells the cop that his sister is dead. The wife tells her husband to come back. The husband looks out of the window. The lights are off and the man says that they have
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first part of this movie is boring and pointless.  This is the first movie I've seen that has been about the love of the city (the city) being lost and then lost again (I don't know if I want to say that) and that is all it is.    A city is lost...and then it is lost again.  The story is nothing special and the music doesn't do anything for me either.  I didn't like the characters at all and I'm not sure what they were trying to say.  If you're going to make a movie about a lost city, make it about a city that is a bit of a mess...it's not a great movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You know, in movies you get all the good parts.  That is until the ending.  I think it is a pretty good movie.   It's just not that good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts with a long shot of a beautiful beach. There's a couple swimming in the water, and we get a great closeup of their faces. It's kind of creepy, but then I realize that this is going to be a very happy film. The couple get married and live happily ever after. The film goes on for about fifteen minutes with the couple enjoying each other's company. This movie has all the ingredients you'd want in a perfect marriage. There are lots of smiles, laughter, and even some romance. There is one scene where the couple are swimming in a small pool, and the water gets so murky that you can't see the other person at all. It just looks like a really bad swimming pool scene. There isn't a whole lot of action in the movie, which is a shame because there are so many good ideas. One of the best parts is when the husband takes a swim in a very small lake and is surprised by the fact that it is the same lake that they swam in together a couple of years ago. There were so many different things that I liked about this movie. It was funny, it was romantic, it had lots of action, it even had a great beach scene. The movie has everything that a good romantic comedy should have. Unfortunately, there is a really big problem that comes with the movie. There was a scene where a man tries to commit suicide. There wasn't a lot of dialogue in this scene, and it was just as effective as the scene in the first film. But it's just not funny. The scene is just awful. The man in the scene is a very sad man. I wish that there was more comedy in the film, because it would have been a great romantic comedy. If I'm going to get a laugh out of something, I like to see the bad guy laughing at the bad thing that the good guy does. If this scene was in the previous film, I would have laughed a lot. Unfortunately it isn't, and I was really disappointed. This is one of those movies that you have to see, but you have no idea what you're in for.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The main villain, Dr. Henry Jekyll, is a big old ugly jerk with a bad sense of humor and a complete lack of respect for human life. He was a horrible man who had a bad temper and a huge ego. He wanted to make himself famous by being the most famous surgeon in the world. He would have gotten that if it wasn't for his wife, Mrs. Jekyl. When he heard that a woman had died from an aneurysm in her brain, he thought he could use the publicity to his advantage. The problem was that his patient was an actress who had never seen a movie. She couldn't even be bothered to take a bath! Jekyll thought he was going to have a big career in acting if he could just get the woman to watch a movie for him! Unfortunately for him, the woman's agent had a little idea about how to make Jekytll pay. He said she would be willing to give up a lot for a chance to be in a movie with her husband, and Jekylell couldn't have been more insulted! The agent tried to make the woman do a few lines, but she refused. Jex said, "If you're not gonna get a movie out of this, then you'll have to go home!" He had his wife call Mrs. Hinkle in California and tell her about it. Then he drove to the theatre and said, 'I'll pay you $100,000 for your husband's part in the movie!' Mrs.Jekyl's agent then went to his bank and gave him a check for the full amount! When Jekysyl found out about the check, he screamed and yelled so loud that it echoed through the whole theatre! It was so embarrassing that Mrs.Hinkle's agent immediately went to the police, but there was nothing they could do. When Jex finally got back to New York, he went straight to the bank to check to see how much the check was. When they got him to sign the check it said that it was to Mrs.Molly Hinkle. "And she's got a husband!" Jex was shocked. He had never thought about it like that. When the police finally came to arrest him, they found the check had not been signed at all. It had been written by a woman who had been paid $20 for the role. J.H.H., that's J.J.H
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot of this movie is stupid and stupid, and if it weren't for the bad acting, it would be downright hilarious. The movie was set at a school for the blind where a blind kid is bullied by a group of students. This is where I first met the character of Andy, who is a bully and is just about the only character who is stupid. It is a great example of how the film could have been made a lot better if it wasn't for Andy and the other kids.   The cast:   A cast that I'm not sure has ever worked together before. This cast is all too familiar to me, especially in this one. I don't think I've ever seen anyone in this movie who is good looking and is really good looking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story of a man who travels to a strange place and finds a woman there that looks like a man. But when the woman is asked to dance she immediately says no. After several failed attempts she is forced to dance by a guy.   This film has the most ridiculous story line I have ever seen. The man is supposed to be a famous dancer, but instead he can barely do a handstand. The guy in the movie is called the 'Boracay Man'.   I hope this film was shot on film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's been over a decade since the last movie from Michael Bay and I have been waiting a long time for this one. This movie has a lot of the same problems that the last one did. The CGI is the same, the special effects are not as good as they used to be and it seems like it is not set in the year 2410. The action is as stupid as it ever was and the story is not very interesting either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first time I saw this movie, I thought the story was a bit of a joke, as if some people were hired to film a documentary about a circus, with the circus owner and a bunch of circus animals.   I didn't even think the movie was funny, and didn't care for the story at all.  I mean, I knew the clown was going to die, but how can you expect something like that to be a bad joke?    But then I watched the movie again.  And I thought, wow.  It actually had a lot of good things in it, and some good things.  One thing that stood out to me was how well they filmed it.  Even the worst camera work I've seen in a long time was pretty decent.  The editing was good.  There was good use of music.  They were clever about how they showed the animals being used for tricks.  I loved the music. I think it fits the movie.  If I were to say something negative about the movie, it's that the clown is still alive.  But that is more about the story than the character.  My favorite part of the movie is the circus. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am going to start by saying I don't care for this movie, but I have to say it is a really bad movie, and the worst bad movie I have ever seen. The movie starts off so promising, with the characters all having fun, the camera moving along at a good clip, the music being all in time with the dialogue, and that was a great start, but as the movie progresses we see the characters get more and more unhinged, and it starts to get a bit boring, the characters are acting like teenagers, and not to mention the fact that they are acting and talking like teenagers and they are doing it for the sake of the plot, the script has a lot of inconsistencies and I have never seen so many scenes where one character is talking and then suddenly says something completely different, I really don't think that there was ever a point in the movie where I did not feel that the characters were having too much fun, they were acting like teens in a teen movie, that is all. The only reason that I gave this movie 4 stars is because I feel that it is the only thing that this movie could have been, and I am really hoping that this film never gets a home release because it is just a bad idea.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie itself was a bad idea that was only slightly worse than the TV show it was based on.  It has a lot of good parts, and I enjoyed the first few.    But then the second act happens, and it goes downhill from there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A long long time ago (a long long long ago) a young girl (Toni Collette) is raped and murdered by her stepfather. He had taken her for a walk one day and when she came home it was to find a strange man (Edward G. Robinson) in the house. She went to the police, but he was never charged.   After this terrible event, the girl's stepfather died and he was buried in a nearby cemetery.  I had heard about this movie and thought it was pretty good, but I was disappointed in the ending. I suppose it could have been a great movie, but that ending was really off-putting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  We are told that our protagonist is "a lonely man who's lost his way", but this is not a movie about the loneliness of lonely men.  We are introduced to a lonely man, John, who is on the road, and who is having trouble in finding a wife.  John is "happily married to a young girl" (I think the film is about two lonely men who are on the path to marry a young woman and make a new life in the city, but they get sidetracked by some young women), but he gets into a fight with his wife, and the fight is a big one.  The fight is over a woman.  She was a very pretty woman, and he doesn't like her at all.   She is not pretty.  This is just a short scene.  John is not happy.  He doesn't want to get married.  We don't learn anything about her except that she is a very attractive woman, but the point is made.  Now, the only thing left to say about John is:    The only thing to say is:     He is not very happy, and I don't think I want to know about his happy marriage any more than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A boring movie that is a re-hash of other terrible movies from the 80's. The bad actor does a poor job of playing a bad role.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really hoping this film would be a fun and funny adventure about the time that my friends and I were young and dumb and wanted to get drunk and play around with other kids.   I don't know what happened, but this was the exact opposite of that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     A very disappointing film.   The film tries to have it all.  To be a little like 'Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind', and have a heart, a family, a happy ending and all that.  But alas, it has none of that. No happy ending, no happy family, no love, no redemption.  The story is about a woman (Lily-Anne), who is a drug addict. She has been given up by her husband (Bruce), who was a heroin addict, and is now homeless.  Lily-Anne's daughter is pregnant, and she decides to sell the baby for $10,000.  It is a hard decision to make, but she takes it.  This is a very sad film.   The movie could have been made a little better, but for the most part it is not a bad film, and I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie starts out in a good place, with a well-written script and a great acting performance from Jason Statham, who is as charismatic as he is scary. He's a guy who's always been into martial arts and he's so good that you can't help but admire him. He also gets to do all sorts of cool stunts and is able to fight on two legs and in a wheelchair, which is pretty amazing.   However, the story soon starts to take a bad turn, and the story starts to fall apart. It starts out with Jason Stavenith getting attacked by a giant mutant cat and, to protect himself, he uses his superhuman speed to run away. At first this works fine, but after a while Jason starts running around town and it starts to get boring, because he always runs around town. There are only so many times you can watch him go around town running and jumping around doing nothing and running away from nothing, then it becomes just sort of boring.  It is not too bad, it is just too boring. And that's the worst part, the ending is just so stupid, so stupid that it makes me want to punch someone in the face. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film has a couple of decent scenes that will make you go "What a fun-fest!" but there are a couple scenes in the film that make you think that this is a bad, bad movie that you should avoid at all costs.  First there's a sequence in the first act that is about as uninspired as a bad joke.   A woman named "Toby" (Dorothy Gale) is about to leave for New York City to meet her boyfriend, "T.J." (Christopher Walken).    But a storm strikes and the train is derailed.  But Toby's husband is not to be found in the wreckage.  And a police officer who happened to be nearby, "Officer Joe" (Paul Newman), has the good sense to take Toby's missing husband and take him to New York to be with her.  So Toby and Officer Joe are off to New England where they will begin a new life together.  This was a great scene that was nicely done and did a nice job of introducing us to the characters and setting up the relationship between Toby and Joe.  The second scene is where the film loses it.  As Toby and her husband are driving away, Toby is confronted by a young man in the car who offers to give her a ride home.  Toby and the boy are having a nice conversation and then the scene abruptly ends.  In the movie, the boy is a "fancy-pants" who talks in a "hip" manner and looks like he is about the same age as Toby.  There's no reason for him to be in the middle of a car accident, and it is very clear to Toby and to the audience that this boy is not going to be a useful part of their lives.  Then there's the matter of the car.  I was not at all surprised by the car crash.  It is a well-known fact that all New England automobiles are poorly built, are prone to catastrophic engine failures and are generally a hazard to motorists.  All of this is evident in the scene with the boy.  If you are going to have a car wreck, you don't do it at the end of a film that is meant to be dramatic.  What happened to the car in the movie was a very lazy attempt to have the audience feel that they knew what was going to happen.  A simple scene with a young boy asking a woman to give him
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is one of those movies that make you want to watch it over and over again. The story of a family that is moving from the south to the north is a perfect way to get a Southern accent. The family moves from Florida to New Orleans and has to deal with the same problems as most people do when they move to a new town. I guess there was a little bit of a twist to it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good movie that takes place in an apartment complex. The film shows that life can be a struggle. A couple are having problems because the father of the wife has to take care of her ailing mother. The mother is always sick, but she does get better with the help of her mother's husband, who always has her needs met. The husband's family is a nice family, but they live on a big estate.   The wife's mother is sick. She has a long list of ailments. The wife takes it hard and she has to go to her mother.  This film has some interesting things going on. One of the things I like is the fact that the husband's brother is a lawyer. He seems to be an ideal husband. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a bad bad bad. It is a terrible movie with a terrible plot. This movie makes a pretentious attempt to be "progressive" and at the same time pretentious. It tries to be progressive, but is actually a retrograde film. It pretends to be about "diverse" and "diversity", but actually is about "racism" and anti-black racism. The "diversification" in this film is the whiteness of the characters. The only "dIVERSITY" the film tries to portray is a white "diverity" and a white male "divity". The only black characters in this movie are: a female prostitute, a black male prostitute, an illegal immigrant, and a gangster. The black characters are either stereotypical or stereotypical in a bad way. The prostitute is a prostitute that is not even a prostitute at all. She is a character that only exists to be raped. The gangster is a gang member that only shows up once and then is not a gang leader at all (he is not an actual gangster but a criminal who is actually working for the police). The illegal immigrant is a man who is a terrorist who wants to kill everyone. This is a movie about a "dive into the racist stereotype" of a black man who wants a black woman to be his "pussy". It is about a man that wants a woman because of a woman and not for a man. It makes a racist and sexist "discovery" that a black person does not want to be treated like a man and that black women want a white man. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when I was a little kid. I loved it. It's very funny and very funny. The movie takes place at a school for children with special needs. The kids are in special classes and they can't get out of their special classes. They are trapped in them until one day the teacher comes to the class and tells them to go outside. They all go outside and then the teacher runs away. They chase after her but she disappears into the woods and the children don't know where to go. So the children find a little boat and start to sail down to the shore. The teacher shows up and tells the children about the ocean and how you can sail around and around and no one can catch you. The children are excited about this and then they start to go in the boat. The boat goes down to a very small island where the teacher tells them that the water is very cold and you need to be very careful about how you swim. The water gets so cold and the wind is so strong that the children swim to the end of the island and they freeze to death. Then a ghostly figure comes out of the water and says that there are a lot of fish out there and he wants them all. So they all start swimming and swimming and then a bunch of other children come out of nowhere and start swimming too. So then the children start swimming to them. They make it to the bottom of the ocean where they swim to land and the ghost figure tells them "now they all have a nice big big life."    So there is a lot more to this story and the kids do a good job of telling it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So you've just finished watching the newest Batman movie. And I'm not sure why I'm even posting about this movie. It was not a good movie, in the least.   It is not the kind of movie I'd be interested in, especially when I've just watched another bad Batman movie recently.  But I don't mind Batman movies. I like Batman. I've been watching the movies since I was a kid. I'm always going to have a Batman movie with me at all times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was going to say "don't waste your time with this movie." But there was no reason to waste my time watching this movie.   The film was just boring. It was like a kid sitting down and waiting for Santa to arrive, and then he never shows up.  I'm sorry.  I'm not a fan of the "kids are stupid" stereotype.  There is no logic in the film.  It is just "just a story about a bunch of kids who don't get to the big city because the parents don't let them."   I wish that they would have been a little more imaginative and thought out a better story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    -   There's not a lot to this movie. The movie is a remake of a very old movie that I've seen a couple of times in the past. It's the story of a guy named Robert "Disco" Nance who lives on the outskirts of a big city and tries to make ends meet by selling cocaine. His best friend, a girl named "Diva" (Catherine O'Hara) and a girl called "Mama" (Kathy Bates) all fall for him and all fall in love with him, too. It seems to be a very silly story and there's no real depth to the characters. They just seem like they've been given a "free pass" to act like idiots, and their stupidity is just hilarious. There's one scene in particular that really puts this movie over the top. They are driving down a lonely road on a Saturday night and the "Dadaist" (Robert Nance) pulls up in his truck, looks in the window and sees the girls all staring at him. He walks up to them, and says, "You see that? I'm Disco." And they all stare back in awe.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is one of those movies that you either love or hate. I love it. I hate it. It's a fun film that is sure to bring you laughs and tears. There are times when the plot doesn't quite make sense and it doesn't help that the main character is a little annoying. But that doesn't stop the movie from being enjoyable!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has a lot of good ideas, but it is so badly directed that they're all wasted on me. It is one of those movies where you think it is going to be so great that you don't stop laughing at it until the end. I am sure there are people who will find this movie funny, and it is, but for me, it was just a boring and badly written movie. It was bad from beginning to end. It wasn't funny, it wasn't bad, it just wasn't good. It didn't make me laugh, and I know there are some people who don't like movies that don't make them laugh. This movie didn't get any laughs for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a disaster from start to finish. The script, directed by J.C. Chandor, is a bit of a mess. It is filled with cliches, cliche humor, and all the other common mistakes that bad movies make. The plot is very convoluted, with characters doing many different things at the same time. The characters are very thin, with a lot of dialogue that doesn't make much sense. The movie ends up making a lot more sense than it should. The special effects are pretty good, but I found them to be rather silly. It's a terrible movie, but a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad comedy, at least in the sense that it doesn't really have a plot or a character to talk about. I didn't even care for the actors, and didn't laugh once.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is based on a book of the same name by the American writer Charles Portis. Portis, who was born in the late 19th century, is a well-known author of science fiction and horror. The movie is not a good adaptation of the book, and it is a bad film as well. The plot is weak, the acting is terrible, the effects are bad, the story is bad, and the cinematography is terrible. The effects are too big for the effects, and too small for the story. The only good thing is that the cinematographer and the sound editor do a very good job of combining the two elements.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you like bad movies, this is a good movie.  It has a bad ending that could have been very interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm not going to waste my time trying to make sense of a movie with little dialogue, a lack of action, a boring story, and no real mystery. I could care less about the plot of this movie, but I do love the film's title. I'm sure there is a good movie out there, but that title makes me want to go look for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a bad bad movie. I can't say that the acting was bad but I can say that it was not funny. The plot is terrible and the whole thing takes place in a bad neighborhood. This is a movie about a drug addict who has a lot of problems with his family, including his mom who is on crack.   The ending is so stupid it's almost funny. It's like the film is making a joke out of itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has been a long time since I have seen a bad Hollywood movie and I was very surprised that this is one of the worst of them. It is a remake of the 1950s film called "The Mummy". The main character is a girl who is a princess in this movie. The story is that a mummy has been released from a tomb and has been killing people. The girl is called "Mummy". She is the only one who can stop him. The movie has a lot of bad jokes and the story is not very interesting. It looks like a bad version of "The Godfather".
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a good movie. The story is simple, yet interesting. The cast is great and it does not take itself too seriously. The acting is great too. The ending was nice.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love this movie, the story line is funny, the characters are likable, and it's an action movie. There are a few moments that aren't quite funny but that's what the movie is about. The acting is decent, the music is good, and there is a great ending. I highly recommend this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been looking for a movie like this for some time. This is just a horrible movie that should never have been made. The story is ridiculous, the acting is bad, and the music is terrible. I can't imagine how anybody thought this was a good idea.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie for the first time, when I was in college.  At first I was excited to see it because I was so interested in the movie that I even paid a dollar for it on video.    I went to the movie expecting a movie about a bunch of students that go on a wild ride of a weekend and then get into a really bad car accident.  But instead of a bunch young people getting into a car accident, it's a bunch old people getting in a car crash.  I've never seen such a lame car wreck movie.  It's bad enough that the film doesn't work, but the acting and directing are also bad.  The best thing that I can say about the movie is that they were so afraid to show the car wreck, and that the audience won't understand it, that they actually show a little bit of it in the beginning.  So if you're going to see this movie, just remember the name of the movie first. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I never understood the reason behind this movie. I mean, it was a well-made movie. There were some funny scenes in this movie but it was only a prequel. It wasn't as well-acted as the first one. The first one was the best one. It had a great plot and it's not that bad. I was just annoyed by the fact that it was prequel to the original.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A poor remake of a bad original.   It's not a good movie to be sure, but it's a pretty bad movie to make.  The plot is bad.  It revolves around a group of four people, the leader of the group is a woman who is in love with the lead character, and the rest of the four are in love/hate her.  This is the worst movie I've seen.  No wonder it has so few fans. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was very disappointed in this movie. The characters are a bunch of stupid, over-emotional people who act like they're in love. They have no idea what they are doing. The plot is pathetic. The story is a waste of time. The bad acting is awful. The only thing I can say is that the movie makes me sad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is nothing wrong with the movie. I don't really care for the movie's plot. The characters are bland, the acting is bad, and the story is a total mess. The acting is so bad in this movie that I almost had a heart attack. The story revolves around a woman who finds a strange amulet that she keeps in her house. When she takes it out and puts it on her chest, it transforms her into a demoness. It's really sad because the movie tries to make it seem like the amulet is actually a good thing, but I can't say I'm a fan of this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a stupid movie! This movie has been in development hell for a long time, it has never gotten made and its only hope is that it gets a little better with the release of a new trailer!   The story of the movie is that a group of friends go to a theme park called "The Rock" to play some games, they find that they are stuck in a "torture chamber" where they must do chores and do them all over again to keep their memories intact.   Its a very slow and dull movie, I really hope that they change a few things up with the trailer because it is very much a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was one of the worst movies ever made. It was so bad that it's not even funny. I can't believe they had to use that song for it. It's terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was going to be something good. It starts off slow, and the acting is okay, but after a while, the movie takes a bad turn.  It's like a slow moving train wreck.  It's the type of movie where you wonder why the director and writer are wasting so much time on the first act.    This is a movie that you will have to sit through if you are a movie buff.  I think that this is the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't have much to say about this one. It's a remake of the 80's TV series "The Shadow of the Wind" and it is a bad one. The characters are so silly and not even funny and the acting is terrible. If I was looking for a bad 80's movie I would've watched a whole lot of 1980's shows.  I'm going to guess that the only reason this film was made was to give the production company some money and make them some money. This is an old, bad movie and if it's going to be made, they better make it right.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie i have ever seen. The worst. The entire movie is a pile of horrible garbage. The film follows the story of a man who is a vampire and is on a mission to save a girl from being killed by the evil vampire king. He saves her and after they have sex he gives her a blood transfusion. Then she gets a terrible fever, gets a bad headache, and when she wakes up the next morning she finds out that she has been possessed by the vampire king, she has no choice but to kill him in order to get her life back. After she kills him she wakes back up in a coffin, this movie is so bad that i could give it an F but it's not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have no problem with these people but their acting and dialogues are so awful it's not even funny. I think this movie is just a piece of shit that I wouldn't recommend to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is awful! I mean, it has a terrible story, horrible acting, and horrible music. There's even a scene where a kid has to be cut open by a knife to get out of a toilet and the director cuts to the kid's mouth, and a lot of it is just yelling.   I don't like this movie!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie "Hollow Point" was a huge flop.   It took the plot from a real story of an assassination attempt on Fidel Castro and used it to create a movie about a Cuban assassination attempt.  I'm a big fan of the movie and I was really looking forward to seeing it again.  There is an entire scene that has a guy talking about his trip to Cuba and how he went to the "Castro's" house and he was the one who made the attempt on Castro's life.  The guy is clearly a Cuban and there is a scene where a Cuban is talking about Fidel Castro's death and how Castro's legacy will live on forever.  It is sad to see that the movie took so much time to make and they spent all that time trying to find a way to make Castro look bad.  All of the actors in this movie were either very bad or very good at their jobs.  They were all in it for the money.  For example, there is one scene where an American guy (Ray Winstone) has to be sedated with morphine so he can be used in the film.  He is clearly the worst actor in the movie.  Another one of the Cuban's is played by a guy named Carlos Alomar who plays a bad Cuban man who looks like he has a small penis.  Alomarr does his job very well but the American actor is so bad that you think they had to put a body double in the role because he looked so bad. It is funny how in the end of the film the main character is seen to be the only one who still lives in Cuba.  Unfortunately, this movie was bad and was so bad it will not be seen by most people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In spite of the fact that it is a bad film, there are still things that you can appreciate about it. For example, it is one of those films that I have seen before, but I was still able to enjoy it.   A movie that is made of cheap, cheesy action. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I did not like this one a bit at all. I've seen the film before and I still think it is a pretty lame movie. It is not bad for a campy movie but it is not good either. I would not recommend it to anyone, especially if you want to see a movie that is not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'd love to be a fly on the wall in the office of Mr. T's producer, Mr. E. D. Pitzer. There are a lot of things about this movie I don't like. I don' t like the way it looks. I also don't think that the actors are doing their best. I wish I could give it a bad review, but I have to give it some credit. This is a great movie. It doesn't hurt my heart that it takes itself so seriously. If only there were more of these movies like this!   So, about this:   This is a movie about a guy who goes to the beach with a girl he's just met. They get lost and run into the cops, who don't find any evidence that they got into any trouble.   The guy and girl talk about this on the phone and then get back in his car.   the guy asks her to stay for the weekend. He tells her about how much he loves her and how he doesn't want to see her again without her there. He says it's important for him to get back together with her and not see her until she is ready.   of course she's in a rush to get him back so she can get him.   a few weeks go by and they see each other a few more times. The girl finds out that she's pregnant and she wants to have an abortion. She's afraid of him being angry with her about it and he's sure that she'd just end up going through with it. So, she tells him that she'll go through with the abortion in a couple of days.   He tells the girl that he'll help her out with the money. She agrees and then the guy comes over to her house and they kiss. The guy and the girl decide that they need to get married. He offers to help her with the finances and she agrees. They start planning to have a big wedding. The day before the wedding, the guy goes to a bar and they have a few drinks. The couple starts to get together and the guy tells her that they should have a ring made and he'll show it to her later. But, it's too late. The wedding is on and they're getting married.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to know what a bad idea it is, just go watch it.  You will probably be laughing as much as the actors do.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have ever seen.  I'm a film critic so I don't watch movies for the plot.     If you haven't seen the movie, watch it!  It is a bad, bad movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was excited to see this movie. I was hoping for a more adult movie, something to challenge my brain, something fun, something funny. I got a few laughs and I'm not sure if the story line works for me, it is definitely not a comedy, it's a very serious movie about an elderly woman who is very ill and is very much alone, she doesn't have much of a social life so when she meets a guy who is a bit older than her, they fall in love and they spend their days together. She's very frail and she doesn 't want to die but the doctors tell her that it will be too soon, so she goes in for a heart transplant and they can't save her, so they go in for an emergency procedure, but it doesn't work, so the guy dies and the doctor is very upset and she is sad and lonely. She finds a very handsome guy and they end up in love. When they go to see her on the death bed, she gets a big surprise and it's the guy who she loves, but the doctor knows and the girl is angry and she tells him to get out, and she leaves, she can't live like this anymore.  This movie is good. It's a short movie but the plot is very interesting and I like the way it was told, I like that they don't have a lot of sex in the movie but there are still a lot to see.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The main plot is the same as in every other horror movie out there: an evil scientist wants to make a girl a girl! This time around the girl has a boyfriend who has an evil side as well. The girl's friend has a dark secret of her own: she is a witch! All the monsters are pretty much the same in this movie: bats, spiders, rats, snakes, mummies, all the same. I think the movie's best feature is the music, but it's pretty repetitive.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about this is that it is not a sequel.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen so many terrible movies over the years, it's so sad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to force myself to watch this film as I knew I would get nothing out of it.  There was some great stuff in there, but it was the story that killed it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So the film begins with the main character (Michael Douglas) taking a nap in his room in the hotel. He is watching TV when his phone rings. It's his wife (Kathy Bates) calling. He wakes up and gets up to answer the phone. She asks him if she can come over and talk. He agrees. She tells him that she has been getting some weird reports from the police and she needs his help. So he decides to go to the police station and talk to the guy who works there. After that, he is taken to the back room where there are other police officers in the room and they are watching him. They say he is insane and they will take him to the psychiatric ward. Michael starts to feel bad for what he did to his wife and he starts to wonder about the murder that is going on. He thinks it is probably just a coincidence that the police were watching him and he just happened to be walking by at the time. The police then decide to take him away to the mental hospital. After the hospital, he thinks that the whole thing was a set up to get him to confess to the murder of his wife. Then he thinks he sees a little boy in the hallway and he says that is the boy who was kidnapped from his school the night before. It seems that the murderer was planning to kidnap the boy and then he would kill his family.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You get a good idea, but this is a movie that's like a cross between a bad 90's cartoon and a terrible horror movie.  The animation is bad and the effects are horrible.    I can't even imagine how someone could make a movie like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I like this movie! The story line is so bad it's amazing, and it's a good action movie! I thought it was going to be more like " The Expendables " with guns and bad guys and stuff. But it's not, it's very bad. It's a very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie about a dog that can speak...it speaks like a donkey. It sounds like a dog is saying a bad joke...it is a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The badness of this film really isn't all that bad.  It's just that you really have to put a lot of thought into what is actually going on.  A few days after the funeral, the wife goes to a funeral home for the funeral of a relative.  She meets her cousin, a guy she has never met before.  The funeral is a little too much like a carnival in a graveyard.  A man's body is lying in a casket.   It is a rather sad sight.  At first, she tries to get in to the casket, but she can't get it open.  In a panic, she grabs a hammer and goes at the man's chest.  He is trying to escape out of the casket, and then he is trying desperately to push the hammer back in.  After that, she takes a hammer off her uncle's desk and beats the man to death with it.  I can't remember how the story ends, but it seems to end as soon as the hammer falls to the ground.  There are some other scenes that aren't too great either.  Perhaps the most disturbing scene is when the corpse's wife is being attacked by a cat.  This is the kind of film that is just as much about horror as it is about romance.  It's just the kind that you can get turned off by the first time you watch it.   4 out of 5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're looking for a good time, look no further than the opening sequence of this movie.   The film opens with a young couple on a fishing trip.  After the young man's wife has been killed by a shark, he and his buddy go out to sea to look for her.  This would be a typical fish-out-of-water adventure story, except for the fact that the fisherman is a real person named Joe.  Joe is played by a very young David McCallum, who seems to be getting better with age.  McCallUM's portrayal of Joe is rather pathetic.  His dialogue sounds like it was written by a 14 year old.  At one point Joe is seen holding a fish and then he's seen eating it.  The fish has no face.  Even the sharks have no faces.  A lot of effort is made to show the fish's eyes moving.  There's even a scene where Joe is fishing in a shallow area of the sea and a great white shark swims by him.  It's hard to tell whether the shark is trying to eat Joe or just watching him. The shark also has a bad attitude, as he has been eating fish all day.  If it wasn't for the shark, this movie would have a good story.  The rest of the film is pretty standard fish-of story fare.  Some of the scenes are a bit over the top and are not very exciting.  I do like the film, but it doesn't live up to the good name of The Fish. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts out with a bang.   We open with the sound of a car alarm going off.  The car alarm is followed by the sound from a baby crying.  As the baby cries we see the movie's opening scene:  We find our hero (George Carlin) at a table with a bowl of fruit.  He says that he has a new record for the ladies and is about to release it.  A woman at the table yells "You bastard!  The woman turns to look at Carlin, but is soon distracted by a loud honk of a police car.  We then see Carlin walking around his neighborhood.  After a brief appearance he's off, the car horn is heard again.  Carlin asks the woman if she was in the bar that night.  She says she was and then the sound we heard the previous scene was her baby crying again.      There's a lot going on in this movie, but I'll be frank.  I don't think this movie is funny.  For one thing, I just don't get why he does it. It doesn't seem funny to me, but there's no denying that Carlin is a very funny guy and I can see why he did it. But I just didn't find it funny. The movie is just boring.  There are a few bits that I liked, such as the baby crying, but it just wasn't very funny.   This movie isn't really funny and that's really a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not much to say about this movie other than the ending was so unsatisfactory it's hard to think of anything to say other than a "Boring Movie" This movie had little to do with any real events or characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've heard this movie so many times, and each time it feels like it's just going to be another lame sequel to the first. I guess it makes sense to me because the second one was pretty good too, but this one is just so bad. I was hoping it would at least have some heart to it, but there's no way it's any good. I hate the ending. It's so lame and ridiculous. I have no sympathy for the characters. I wish they were all dead. The ending was so stupid and stupid and sad.   Don't get me wrong, I love old westerns. I just hate this one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really excited to see this movie, I had heard so much about it that I was even looking forward to seeing it at a theater.  The only problem is that this movie is so bad that I don't even know how to describe it.    The plot is ridiculous, the story is made up of so many different stories that I'm not sure where the story came from, what happened to the protagonist, or what is going to happen in the next few weeks.  And I'm sure the actors are going to be pretty busy over the next month. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is very unoriginal, and not a bad one at that. The plot involves a woman trying to get a man to like her, but she can't do anything about her self-absorbed husband. The woman is not very attractive, but at least she has a heart of gold. I don't think I've ever seen a more pathetic character than this woman, and I have seen plenty of pathetic characters. It is almost as if she has been brought up to be a walking, talking, "You-Say-Nanaima" doll.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an extremely boring film. It's just a bunch of people having a party and all having fun until someone gets a little drunk. Then all hell breaks loose.   The film is based on a book, The Ballad of Billy the Kid, and that book is filled with many, many references to drinking and violence, so this film is a bit derivative of that.   Plot: The film begins with a group of kids at a campground being asked to bring a giant pig back to camp. They do so, and then things get very weird. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most stupid movie I have ever seen. The only reason it got a second rating is because it does have some decent jokes in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is not good. It's kind of slow. It has some funny moments. But overall, I can't recommend this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was disappointed.   It's one of those movies that I think makes you hate the movie more than you like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts with the narrator (I think he is named "Werner" in the subtitles) being a teenager who, while out on a bicycle ride, sees a dead body.   He's not the first to see it either:  He also sees the corpse of a man with the head of a rabbit.  He takes it to the police.  What follows is a series of bizarre and seemingly random events: a young woman with a giant rabbit head and a giant hand.  She is found dead in a lake.  Her head is in a bag and the rabbit head is hanging on a hook.  This is followed by a man who looks like a giant octopus, who is seen eating a woman with her breasts exposed.  Then a woman dressed in a "hippie" outfit, a girl who looks about fourteen, and a man dressed in black with a huge, white, bloody, cadaverous face.  It is not until much later that we find out that the cadavers are actually the children of the girl.  The woman and the man have no names.  In the end, the crows are seen at the edge of the lake, and the narrator says that it is "the end of the world" and then the camera shows a picture of the sky as if the world is ending.  That is all we have to go on.  I'm not going to give it a bad review because it is an interesting story about people who are not really people, and who are being manipulated by others. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way I could enjoy this movie was if I was sitting in the theater with a box of candy in front of me.  I never once saw the candy.  I never saw any of the characters.  They were all the same.  The only reason I was entertained was because I knew that at the end the movie would be over.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I can't say why it was so bad. It was like watching a low quality low budget movie, like something from a cheesy 70's slasher movie. The only thing I can say about the movie is that there is a girl in the movie that is so stupid and dumb that she is almost funny. I could go on and on about this movie. I don't even know what to say.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It seems like the original concept of the film was never actually implemented, and instead a lot of the movie was done with the characters as actors. It's like they were in a play, and the director just sat there and watched, and then they shot it.   That's all I can really say about this movie. The only thing that really happened was a bunch of bad acting. I really wish they would do a remake of this movie!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a poor attempt at an American Western, and there are many things wrong with it.  First, the lead actress, who appears to be a young Audrey Hepburn, is a complete moron.    In addition to being stupid, she looks like she's about to get hit by a train (I'm looking at you, Margo).   I'm not sure why she didn't wear the hat she was supposed to be wearing to conceal her face.  The movie doesn't even take the time to explain what a "gunfighter" is.  And then there's the script.  It's just a lot of talking and little action.  This is not a good movie to waste your time with.  But it is worth seeing, so I can't rate it less than 3 stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really enjoyed this movie, it's like an art-house movie that you don't have to be a serious film buff to enjoy. I liked the characters and the storyline, but it didn't have much of a plot. There were a lot of really cool moments that were well executed. The acting was pretty good and I thought it was funny at times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was excited to see this movie, and I thought it would be an interesting take on the story. Unfortunately, it's not.   This movie is about a young boy who goes to an amusement park and is picked up by a couple of girls.  One of them is his "love" and the other one is his girlfriend.  They both start talking about their family problems and his "brother" who died and they end up having sex.  The movie does not end well.  What it lacks in comedy it makes up for in awful sex scenes.  I guess the movie was too weird for Hollywood to handle. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I just found this movie by accident. My wife was watching the movie "Pornography" the previous week and told me that this was like porn. I don't like this movie. The plot is really weird and not at all good. The girl is an ugly brunette, the guy is a big blond, and the movie starts out with them in bed and then the girl gets pissed off that the guy wants to sleep with her.   It's like the girl's not interested in sex at all. The movie starts off with the guy taking a picture of her in a bikini, then he's about to take another, but then he notices that the girl is naked, so he takes a shower and gets out of bed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love the old cartoons so much.   The good thing is that I can find my old favorites in the new cartoons. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I never thought that I would see another bad movie. I never even watched a bad film in school. But here we are.   What is wrong with this movie?   The movie is so bad, you are forced to think that it is a documentary.  The only thing I can think of is that there are some kids that don't know what they want to do when they grow up.  It doesn't matter what they do or how they do it.  In a documentary they don't have to explain their motives.  A bad movie should never have to tell the viewer that they have no motive.  They should just have to say, "I was bored one day and decided to go for a ride."  It would make it better.  If I could change the title to "I went to see a movie about a girl who got into a motorcycle accident."  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is an attempt at an original sci-fi novel. It starts with a crew of astronauts stranded on a planet that is not of this world. They decide to explore the planet and eventually, they learn that this world is not like our own. They discover that there is a war going on between these two worlds. The astronauts learn that the planet is ruled by a group of reptilian beings who are also known as the "Bendu" (Bendy). The only way to get off of this planet is to get the "Gadu"s to help them. They travel through the galaxy in search of a planet where they can find the "gadu." The "Gandu" are humanoid aliens who have a highly evolved sense of humor. They are the "Murderers" of the Earth. The only thing that the "Humans" fear are their very large feet, and the "Sci-fi" is just a very bad way to use these aliens.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am really sad that the movie will be never made. If anyone has a good idea how to make a sequel to this movie, please send me a note so that I can add my voice to yours.   P.S. If I find the time to do so, I'll put a link on this review.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really enjoyed the movie, I loved the way the movie was shot, it had a real feeling of an old time Western, and I really liked the way they shot the scene where the man goes off to the mountain, I also really liked that the guy was playing poker, it was interesting to see how they got him to put a card up, he did that really quick, and it looked like he was really enjoying himself.   The movie was also a lot of fun to watch, I don't know if I have ever seen a movie that was that funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate to admit it, but I was actually disappointed by this movie. I've seen some of this type of movie in my time. I think this is a great movie, and I do like it a lot, but the movie was really poorly done. I found it to be really cheesy. It is a comedy that seems to be a parody of a bunch of films of the past. I am not sure if the movie is actually meant to be satirical, but it was really not very good. I don't think that it is worth your time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In this one, there is a bit of a plot, which I have not seen in a long time. It has a very cool atmosphere and good animation.   There are a lot of different types of characters and they are all quite good. The plot is very predictable, but I don't know why this is so, since I know this is a horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a remake of the horror classic, Halloween (1978) with a new story. It is set in the same town, New Orleans, but the costumes and makeup are different.   It is a cheap horror movie that will leave you feeling as though you just watched a horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't know what to expect when I started watching this movie but I was very impressed.   It was fun to watch, and I loved the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know why this movie is in this rating. This movie does not deserve to be rated a 1/10. I think this movie was made to show how evil Americans are and how America is just as evil as any other country.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was expecting a lot of laughs, but this movie was awful! It's a comedy about a girl who likes to dress up in sexy lingerie to have sex with guys she meets at the local park.   The movie is just bad. It has all the usual tropes: the girl is in love with the guy who she finds in the park, the guy is a loser, and she can't wait to get naked and get it on with him.  The most embarrassing scene is when the girl's friend walks in on her and her boyfriend having sex.  They end up having a threesome, but it's so bad that when the two guys come back to the park to clean up, they find the girl in the bathroom crying because she thinks she's going to die.  It is hard to believe that a movie made in 1989 could be this bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie that is a bad bad bad movie!   The story: A small boy goes to the moon to find out if he is a "human" or a "demon". He finds out that he is human but is not very happy about it. He has a cat with him and gets into an accident that causes him to become demon. The boy then must go to a town that has a demon. They all get into an "accident" where the demon gets out of a man's pants and eats his heart. The girl is the only one who can kill the demon.   This movie is a total mess. The director tries to show us that he can do it but doesn't even manage to do that. The dialogue is the most offensive in the movie. It is all about sex, violence and stupid people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just a bad idea.  I'm not sure what else to say about it other than that it's pretty awful.    If you like horror movies you'll love this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The script, though, is a very strange beast, in that it is one of those scripts that, if it is not entirely bad, is certainly far from good. The problem is that it attempts to be a modern classic, while at the same time it is, at best, an awkward and somewhat pretentious mess. I'll start by saying that the movie is not bad, by any means. The actors are fine. And the music is good. However, the screenplay is, quite frankly, a piece of crap.   I should say up front that I'm a huge fan of the original. I grew up watching it, and my dad and I would sit in the living room watching it together. The plot was very simple: a couple of scientists (the two scientists that we get to know best in the movie) meet a man who's on his way to visit his sick father, but has a very unpleasant experience. What follows is a fairly standard story about the scientists learning more about the man they are visiting, the strange man, the man's wife, the doctors, and the strange woman who runs the house.   "It was very boring."   In the end, we learn that the man has a bad case of insomnia, and that he's going to visit a "strange woman" who keeps him up all night. So the scientists go to see her, and find out that she has been watching them all night, and is the only person in the house who seems to be asleep. The scientist who's being watched, a man named George, is rather amused at this, and decides to leave to visit the "strangest woman in the world."   of course, when George arrives at the house, the woman is nowhere to be seen. We learn that she's been gone for several years, and she's "just so odd" that he and the scientists decide to stay for a little while. This is the first of many strange scenes in the film, and while the movie doesn't get particularly weird, it does get a little out of hand. It's a long shot that we see George, and we see him walking into a room where he's told to stand by a book, and there's no book there. "Is that a book?" George asks. "Yes," is the reply. So George looks around, and sees a book lying in a chair, but there's not a single page in it. "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, I was watching the movie "Hangover" (I've seen it three times in a row now), and I was thinking to myself, "I have no idea what this movie is about, but I have to see it!" and so I did.   It was an odd film.  This movie is a spoof of all the slashers films out there.  But this is not a bad thing.  There are some good scenes, and the cast is good.  The film itself is not that bad, it is more that just odd.  It is hard to understand what is happening to the characters.  I am sure it will appeal to people who enjoy slasher films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    - This is a poorly acted movie that takes place in a world where dinosaurs were real, which is a good way to explain why this movie is bad. I don't have a problem with dinosaurs, and I think this movie has the right idea: a group of kids are on a camping trip and end up getting into an argument with a dinosaur. It's kind of silly and stupid. The dinosaur looks like a giant robot with a big butt. I think it was meant to be funny, but it's really not. The dialogue is bad and the acting is terrible. There's not a lot of acting in this movie, but that's a good thing because the movie is so bad. This movie is not funny, it's not good, and it has no story. It is just a waste of your time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is a rip-off of The Matrix, except that in this version they were "encouraged" to do it by the evil and evil-loving humans.   I'm going to have to give the actors a bad review.  I don't think they really have a voice for the movie, it's all just too much for one person to do, and even when it works it's too little. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The title "I'm Not in Love" is so misleading. What the film really is about is the very real, very human desire to be in love. And it's a very difficult thing to achieve, particularly when one of the major characters is a psychopath. I'm not sure if the writer is trying to be cute or if she's just a stupid girl. I have to say that I'm really not sure why she chose to make the main character a psychopath, even if she did write a screenplay about a psychopath who commits a murder. I was very disappointed by this film. It wasn't funny, it wasn't exciting, and it didn't make me think. I give it a C.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It took me a few weeks to figure out how the story ended. I knew that there was no escape from the clutches of this monster, but the monster did not end the movie. It left a nasty taste in my mouth, and a few days later I finally watched it again.   Why did it take me so long to figure it out?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A "bad" movie that's good at heart.  This movie is about a small town and the people that live there.    The movie begins with a funeral.  The deceased is a farmer, but his wife is not happy about the fact that he's leaving the farm.  Then we meet the farm's owner, Mr. __________.  I found the man very annoying, even when he was talking about his "tractor" and "trucks".  I mean, there's no need to show a farm in a movie that doesn't have a tractor or a truck.  There was a lot of other scenes in this movie that were either boring, silly, or just plain bad.  One scene in particular was about a man who gets shot by a farmer and then gets carried off to be buried.  This movie should have had more than 10 minutes of screen time and it could have used a couple of more actors.  Overall, this movie is worth watching just for the scenery and the scenery alone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a really bad movie. It's bad from the beginning. It seems like a bad attempt at a western, but that's about all it has going for it. It gets boring fast, and even the actors are boring. It does have some nice visual effects, but it's all very obvious.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is an obvious rip off of 'Dumb and Dumber'. The characters are a little dull, the jokes are obvious, and the jokes themselves are dull. I didn't care for this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the most stupidly directed movies I have ever seen. The "star" is a guy who was playing a game of basketball with some other people and suddenly fell off the top of a building and into a pit full of flaming oil.   It's almost like the producers of this movie thought they could make a decent movie about a person who has a mental condition. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have seen all the bad movies. I have also seen all good movies. This movie is bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love the idea of the film, but this is a movie that is a real disappointment.  The film takes place in an alternate universe where a space-based alien invasion is taking place.  I have to say that I was not a big fan of this film, and it didn't help that the acting wasn't any better than most of the bad movies out there.   The movie starts off promisingly enough with a good amount of explosions, a spaceship full of monsters, a ship that looks like it's been outfitted with a pair of laser cannons, and a bunch of aliens with guns.  They get to work, and they do a pretty good job of destroying whatever they hit.  The alien ship then proceeds to blast a hole through the wall of a town and proceeds to fly off into space.  What's left of the town is devastated.  We then meet our main characters, a guy named George, who is a cop and a member of the "Hooded Hooligans", a group of guys that specialize in beating the crap out of criminals.  He is on a mission, and as such is going into a small town to kill a criminal named Bill, and his girlfriend.  When he arrives, he meets a man who says he is Bill's friend, but the friend says he has a gun.  That's when the movie gets to its most disturbing point, because our hero begins to beat up the friend who just asked him to beat the crap of someone else.  But then the friend gets shot, and George shoots the man in the head.  At the hospital, George finds out that he can only do one thing: kill Bill.  It's at this point that the movie starts to fall apart, because the movie spends most of its time on George going about his daily routine.  His partner, a character named Jimmy, doesn't like him because he's a cop who is too rough and doesn't seem to have any real sense of self-preservation.  In addition to the cop, George also has to deal with the town bully, who wants to kill Bill because he has beaten up a girl who he believes is the girlfriend of Bill. This guy is a bad guy, and he is only interested in beating Bill up because he thinks that Bill is his friend.  Unfortunately, we learn pretty quickly that there is a huge plot hole in this movie: George is a good guy.  This
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well I'm back, this time I have to review the horrible The Green Inferno.  I remember reading this story in high school, and never saw it again, until a few years later.  It was a bad adaptation of the first book, the characters were the same, and the story was the same.   The story follows a family who move into a new home, and find that they have an extremely sick little boy.  The father, a surgeon, has been working on him for years, and he seems to be getting better.  Then he's back to the hospital, and they discover that his lung is failing him again.  He's been put on a respirator, and even though he is being fed through a tube, he is starting to cough up blood.  A couple of people come over to the house, and one of them is the doctor.  She's a very attractive woman, and is the one who finds the little boy, and takes him home to be with his father.  What happens next is pretty disgusting.  First the doctor takes the little kid out of the room, and then she begins to show him pictures of naked women.  And she's not the only one, there are a couple of nurses as well, all of them are having sex with the little boys.  In a rather disgusting scene, one of the nurses goes to the bed to have sex with a little boy and the other nurse goes into the boy's room.  So the boy is sitting there, watching them, and doesn't know what's going on.  Finally one of these nurses puts her hand on the little child's head, and pulls it into her vagina.  As the little guy begins to cry and wail, the other nurses pull him in with them, taking turns with the boy and having sex.  You have to watch this scene, and if you don't want to, just skip ahead to the part where the boy dies.  Oh, and don't forget to take a picture of the nurse masturbating in the bed.  This movie really was a terrible waste of time, and I didn't want another look at it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a horrible movie. The director is a moron and he doesn't even have a script. It is just random scenes of him yelling "NOOOOOO!!!", "WHAT A PUNISHMENT" and "THIS IS WRONG!!!" and then the poor kid is left to get shot.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not a bad film, it just doesn't have enough to go on for me to recommend it.  I can't give it a negative because it has a lot of good moments, a few bad moments and it's all kind of a blur.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved this movie so much. It was a very funny movie about a young man who goes to an amusement park with his family. The family are all very happy and a little funny. The children all love to play. The father is very funny. It is a great movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had seen the trailer for this movie and I was intrigued by the premise. I mean, it's pretty crazy. But then again, so are the things that happen to our hero in this movie. It's a comedy, a bit of a romp, and even if I didn't like it at all, I would have enjoyed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I found the movie, which is called "Criminal," to be a pretty dull affair. I found no enjoyment in the movie. The characters were so one-dimensional. The story was repetitive. I would not have spent a dime on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As far as I'm concerned, this movie was one big waste of a cast. There was only one good actor, and that was Kevin Costner, but he's the only good actor in the movie. I mean, he was the one with the nice blue eyes and a nice mustache, and the rest of them were all the same. I could have watched it again and again, but I didn't.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only way I can really put this movie is "I'm glad I watched it". I didn't enjoy the movie very much. The main character is the stereotypical "cool" guy with the "super powers". He uses them to kill a bunch of bad guys. I just found it incredibly stupid. The rest of the cast, the one who gets to use their superpowers, was just as stupid as the main character. The plot was just stupid. It seemed like the movie was trying to tell a story about a group of superheroes who go around saving the world from monsters. And, in the middle of it all, the movie tries to show us a giant monster chasing a bunch a super heroes. I found that really dumb. It wasn't funny and didn't have any plot at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I didn't expect to be a big fan of this movie. I saw the trailer for it and it looked like the kind of film I would have liked as a kid, but when I saw it I was absolutely stunned. This is one of the most boring movies I have ever seen. I'm amazed the producer would let his star, Richard Jenkins, have a role in this. I thought he would be great, but he was so awful it was painful to watch. He didn't do anything with the role. It's a big role and he just stood there like a robot. He was just so uninteresting and uninspiring. It was like watching a bad dream.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I didn't see this film until I was in my late 30's. I'm glad I did! This film is really bad. The story is a little ridiculous, with a couple of "heroes" doing some hijinx and then getting caught. The acting is very bad. They are actors who should have gotten a pass from Hollywood. This is a terrible film and it's not worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very boring and stupid. It's basically just a bunch of people watching a bunch o movies, and then they are shown doing things that aren't so interesting. The movie is not bad by any means, but it's definitely not very good. If you are bored at the end of a long day, and you just need to sit back and relax, then you might enjoy this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate this movie so much! It's just so bad, the only good thing is the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved this movie!  The story is amazing!  This movie was so bad, that I couldn't believe my eyes!   I mean, this movie was an epic disaster! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film opens in a typical fashion:  The movie takes place in a small town, and the movie's plot is the main theme of the movie.   It's all about a kid who wants to become a superhero, so he takes up a superhero training school in a town which doesn't have a superhero school.  It turns out to be a very boring training school, where most of the characters just sit around and do nothing.  But then the school's teacher is kidnapped by aliens and they steal the school, so the kids must rescue the teacher and get back to the planet Earth.  The movie's main plot is not a bad one, but it is not the main plot of the film.  There are plenty of plot holes in the movie, especially when you compare it to the book.  When I read the book, I was expecting to see lots of action, because it was a very fun book. But the movie takes the action way too far, and you don't get to see much of it.  Some of the action sequences are laughable, as when the kids fly through a forest with their spaceship, or when the alien ships explode.  They even have some stupid stunts that look like the ones from an action movie. It's not that the movie is bad, but the story is just so stupid, it's a shame that the kids don't use their powers more often.  If the movie was not so stupid I might have enjoyed it more, but there is nothing interesting about the plot.  And it's not like the movie has a good ending either, so don't expect much.  Overall, this is a bad film. The main plot does not make sense, and it has no interesting plot holes.  This is a film for kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a very unoriginal, boring movie. It's about a guy who's trying to figure out how to get his girlfriend to give him a chance to make his own movies. But of course that's not easy. And of course, it gets really stupid very quickly. It starts with a very boring dialogue, then it goes to some very boring scenes. It ends with some really stupid dialogue and an even more boring scene. It never gets better, and it never really makes a good movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The most obvious choice for a movie like this is The Shining. It's not really a movie, it's a collection of photographs of people sitting in an insane asylum. It's weird and beautiful and disturbing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is terrible. This movie takes place during the late 1970's in a small town. The main character is a high school teacher. He's married to a beautiful woman. They have a lovely home, but the house is full of garbage. She works at a grocery store. They live on a very large farm. The movie follows the life of the teacher, his family and the farm. There are many scenes that I will never forget. The scene in which the teacher is washing his hands in the sink and there is a dead cockroach hanging off the edge of the sink was one of the most horrible scenes I have ever seen. I also remember the scene where the teacher's wife comes home from work and discovers that the house and the housework are all messy and they don't even know what they have been doing. The final scene, where the teachers son tells his father that he has been doing a bad job and the father just laughs and tells him that he should get a real job. It's just disgusting. I think that the director was trying to show a typical small town, but failed miserably. I could see how this movie was made because it was shot very well.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title is a mouthful and there is no movie to speak of.  This is the most ridiculous movie I have ever seen and I can't wait for the next one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'll be the first to admit that this is a pretty bad movie. I don't think that the plot is as bad as it looks and even though it is based on a real life story, I don?t think that it was done well. If you are going to try and make a film about a man being held captive in a building that he?s locked in by the locksmiths, then the locks are pretty weak. I think that this was supposed to be a horror movie but instead of showing some kind of creepy creature or some kind horror movie, it ended up being more of a "scary" movie that is a bit too over the top and over the main character?s head. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film's title was very accurate. It's about a very stupid boy who is sent to a school to learn how to be a man and has no clue how. The acting is good, the pacing is fine, and the story is rather silly, but it is still entertaining.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It seems like every time I go to the movies it's a comedy or a drama, but no, this was just an epic comedy and I think they could have done better if they tried.   I am glad I did not see it with my daughter. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've watched this film a few times and I'm not a fan of it. I'm disappointed with how poorly the film is set up. The opening scene of the film, in which a young woman is walking down the street and getting harassed by a man (played by David Carradine) is pretty awful. It's a very slow motion, awkward scene that never gets better. There's no development whatsoever and it's just kind of awkward to watch. I never thought the character of the woman was all that interesting to begin with. I thought she was a pretty annoying woman and that the story would be better if it didn't have Carradines as the main character. It has a few more interesting moments that I wish it had a little more development in. I also thought that there was a lot of nudity in this film and I was disappointed to find that it wasn't shown. The film doesn't really have a plot and is more of a showcase for Carradinemas acting skills. I wish the movie had been better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a very poorly made film, the film was shot on film, it was done in a way that makes it look like a black and white film. This is the reason for the poor film, a black & white film was used because it was cheap to make. The only reason that I like this film is because it has the same feeling of the movie "Ghostbusters" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is terrible. The acting is awful. The movie has an unbelievable soundtrack.   I love the new Star Wars  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't even begin to describe how awful this movie is. It's the story of a boy named Joe who goes to a movie theater with his best friend. The movie opens with a "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" intro, and then Joe and his friend are attacked by a bunch of vampires. The boy and his friends are captured and taken to the home of a rich lady, who turns out to be the vampire leader. She then uses her powers to turn the boy and the girl into vampires. As Joe tries to escape, his friend is murdered by the vampire. Joe and the vampire fight a bunch more vampires until the vampire is killed. The girl is killed by the boy. Joe is then turned into a vampire by the lady. The vampire leader, who is the main bad guy in this movie, is a man in a red cloak who looks like someone from the "Dracula" movies. The bad guy and the lady then have a "game" in which the lady puts a ring on Joe's finger, and the bad guy makes him drink from a cup. Joe drinks the cup, but it's a vampire's blood. The lady then turns Joe into a zombie. After the girl is dead, Joe tries running away, but the lady grabs him and pulls him back to the house. He is then killed by a bullet to the head. I'm sorry, but this is a horrible movie. There is no good thing to be said about this movie. It was boring, it was hard to follow, it wasn't scary, and it had horrible dialogue. I would never recommend this movie to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was expecting more of a "good guys versus bad guys" story, but this is a classic bad movie.   The dialogue was cheesy and the movie was a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you are a die hard Star Wars fan and are a huge Star Wars nerd you must get this movie. This movie has an amazing script, the music is awesome, the special effects are top notch, and of course, the actors are all really good and they all give amazing performances.   " I am a rebel without a cause, a rebel with no hope, a Rebel without a plan, a very good Rebel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so awful. It's like someone threw together a bunch of random things and left them to hang out. If this movie had been made by a studio, it would have been one of the worst movies ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have to say, this movie was so bad that I could have sworn it was a spoof on the original film. I mean, they are both about space pirates who steal a space ship! But the one in this movie isn't the original, and it doesn't even look like a real space pirate ship. It's an ugly spaceship with a big hole in the front. The only part that looks like a space pirate spaceship are the antennae on the ship, but those look like they came from a piece of junk. Also, the "space pirate" is played by a guy who is really old and he is so thin that he looks like an old man. I have never seen anyone look so old. I guess this is just another one of those "we need to find a new actor to play this guy" movies.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an example of what happens when you try to make a good movie about the life of a guy who makes his living playing chess. The movie was not very good and not much better than the book. There were some good scenes, and a lot of good chess, but I was left wondering where the original idea for this movie came from. I guess it had to be a long time ago.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a poor film. I really liked the concept, and the premise sounded great. I liked the character, and I really enjoyed the acting, but it just was not a very good film. It was a long film, and a very dull film. The pacing was all over the place, and it felt like it was not very well planned out. I thought there would be more character development, more action, and more humor. It just didn't seem that there was enough of everything to make it a good film, so I thought it would be a great idea to get some professional actors and just film it. This is not a bad film, but I don't think it's very good. I think it could have been better if they just tried to make a better movie. I guess I can't say I was too pleased with it. It really just was too long and dull.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pretty awful movie and I don't think the cast got a very good story. I don' like how she got shot in the leg, but it could have been worse.  I think it's all the poor directing that got me so mad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a very bad movie. The acting is all wrong.  The story line is very poorly told.  I was not a fan of the "Rambo" films and I am not a big fan of this one.  It was very boring and a waste of time.  This is a horrible movie that was very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an epic and ridiculous film that, sadly, fails to deliver on any level. It's about an ancient Egyptian god who is reincarnated and tries to save his girlfriend from a bad guy with the help of a little dog who is not only a good pet but also has an evil secret. The guy with a secret is a bad-ass, and is not the best at what he does, but he's not all bad. The movie is a bit too long for what it does, especially in the middle when they start to introduce the bad guy. But even then, the movie is pretty silly and a lot of the comedy is forced. If you want to watch an overblown "funny" movie that tries to do a lot with a little, go watch a bad episode of a bad TV show.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a little disappointed in this movie. The characters are all shallow. The setting is boring and boring and not funny. The acting is terrible and most of the plot is completely ridiculous. It seems like someone took a lot of bad acting and made it good. I would not recommend this movie to anyone. I hate bad movies and I have no respect for someone who would make such a bad film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a story about a girl who likes to sleep with the dead. It's like a story from a kid's book. There are vampires, a witch, a werewolf, a ghost, a giant spider, and a little girl who can't sleep. But the thing that is the most laughable about this movie is the fact that the girl who is in love with the ghost is actually dead.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's bad, it's bad and it's definitely not good.   While it's a fairly well-done, if somewhat derivative story, it never makes any sense whatsoever.  There's a great scene at the end where the boys are going to steal a car (they have no cars, so they steal a train). It's supposed to be a big thing and everyone is excited, and then they realize that they need to get to the top of a mountain to reach it, which is a long way away.  But what does that even mean? The mountain isn't very high, and they don't have any cars. So how did they get up the mountain? They get on the train and take a wrong turn, which leads them to an abandoned factory with a giant robot in it.  Why would you build a giant mechanical man if you didn't have a car?   The story goes on and on and it never gets to the point where anything interesting happens, and it ends rather abruptly.  The only reason I gave this movie 3 stars is because it has a lot of fun with the robots. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So here's what's happening: A little boy is found dead, hanging upside down from a tree, covered with dirt. The little boy's mother thinks he's been kidnapped, and the police think he might have been murdered. The boy's uncle, an aspiring filmmaker, arrives in town and decides to make a movie of the incident, which he calls "The Strange Case of Dr. Loomis." The movie is a bit too long for its own good, but it's pretty well acted. The plot is very predictable, and it doesn't really get any more interesting than it is.  The Strangecase of Dr LoomIS is about the life of Dr John Loomiss, who is in the habit of making movies about strange things that happen to people in the course of their lives. His first film is about a boy who gets trapped in a tree by his mother and a dog, who wants to eat the boy. The next film is a remake of the original, but the film doesn't have much to do with the original except in the final scene when Loomass tries to get the dog to eat a fly that's been stuck in his ear. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a piece of shit.   The plot was a mess and the characters were terrible.  There was a "man in the hat" and a "Man in the suit" who didn't seem to be much more than a costume for the two lead actors.  I think the best thing about this movie is that it is so over-the-top that it's funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the most uninteresting movies I have ever seen. This is a bad story about an evil and uninteresting character. He is very similar to "Rorschach" from Watchmen. He has no personality or personality traits at all. I am a huge fan of Stephen King's work and this movie is just as bad as all his other films. I'm a huge Stephen King fan and I was disappointed by this movie as well.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is a bit silly, the acting is terrible, the music is awful, and the special effects are horrendous.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A classic of the genre, a film which has become a part of American cinema lore. It is well known as one of the best of all time, it is a truly great film, a great story and a great performance by Richard Harris. But to really appreciate it you have to watch it in a theater with the sound off, it's a great movie but watch it as a movie rather than as a great film.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only good thing about this movie is that the cast is all excellent.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a bad Movie. The main character is a retard and a stupid idiot. This movie was supposed to be about the effects of a disease called "The Curse of the Cripple" or the "Cripple Curse". In a very funny part of the movie we see a guy who has the Cuff and then he is told he is going to get a Cripples. Then when he gets a Cuff he is in a car and the car runs off a cliff. Then he falls down the cliff and the only thing he does is scream. He then falls down again and then when he is a cripple the next day he is able to get up and walk again. The movie also has a scene where a girl is attacked by a bear. In a weird part of this movie there is a little kid who is a girl who was a girl in a dress. This girl was a Cuckoo. This Cucko was trying to get the girl to go away from her boyfriend who was gay. The guy said he was gay and the Cuckoos said he must be a gay. They then chased the guy down and when they ran him over they said "Oh he is gay" and then they ran up to the guy and said "He is gay!" This girl then said that she would marry him. The girl's father then said "Well I can't say I'm very happy about this" The next scene was a guy eating a bunch of nuts. The next thing you know is he is getting a C-Spine. Then the guy is in the hospital and is able stand up. Then we see him in the doctor's office talking to the doctor. The doctor then says "Well it is a good thing that you are still alive." He then says that it will be better if he gets this C-spine fixed. The Cuckootle says "I wish I had a penis" and the doctor then said, "Yeah it is better that you have a penis. The only problem with your penis is it is too small for you to get an erection." The C-SPINE then says, "It will be all right. It will be fine." The next Scene is the doctor telling the guy he has a C Spine. The kid then says to the kid's dad "I guess I am going to be a C Cuckoolick." The dad then says this Cuckold is going through some changes and the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is very bad, it starts with a girl walking home from the cinema to a deserted beach and a man comes out to rape her.   I think the rape is very poorly acted, but it doesn't stop the film from being bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really bad movie.  The film is a poor excuse for a comedy.    The plot is laughable.  A couple are having a night out and get caught in a police trap.  They are then arrested, beaten, and tortured until they confess.  When the story begins, the couple are in a jail cell.  This prison cell is called "The Hole."   After they are brought there, the torture continues.  It is only after their torture that the couple realize they are in the wrong place.  Then the plot gets interesting:  The couple are then put into a "shower room."  The shower room is a dungeon of the worst sort.  One of the men is a vampire who feeds on the blood of his victims.  There is a large number of them.  The story is a mix of camp and comedy.        There are a number of things about the movie that make it so awful.  First of all, it is really, really stupid.  Second, it does not even try to be funny.  Third, it doesn't even try at all.    The movie tries to be clever by throwing in a few references to old horror films.  But, when the jokes aren't funny, the movie becomes boring.  That is why I have no hope of a good movie being made in the future. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you can't get enough of the "funk" of the 80's you are in for a treat, though this movie does have some funny parts as well as it's typical bad 80's humor. It is not a good movie but there is some fun to be had here.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was pretty disappointed in this movie. It seemed like it was written and directed by an amateur, and even when the camera does its best to give a feeling of being authentic and gritty, the actors never really give the character of Frank Lloyd Wright a chance to do anything. If there were any interesting things going on, like his love life, it was ignored for the most part, and it wasn't until the end that I noticed a small, cute girl in the background. The film is a mess, and doesn't make any sense. Frank Lloyd's mother is the only thing of interest, and she's really not doing anything interesting.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the movie, you will like the series as well.  The first movie was a bit better than the second.    They get it right the second time around, but the first time around was even better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been looking for this film for quite some time, and it's always hard to find a movie that is just a bad film.  This movie has so many bad ideas that it's hard to understand how it could get a theatrical release.  The main character is supposed to be a high school student who's also a cheerleader.  But she gets pregnant and has to go to a fertility clinic to have the baby.  She goes to the clinic because she wants to be an actress.  So, when she gets there, she has to take a fertility test, but then the test doesn't work because she has a big nose.  In the clinic, the doctors want to cut her nose off, but the nurses and the doctor are all in love with her and want to give her the best treatment.  It's very obvious that the movie is trying to have an emotional impact with the movie's title, but there's not much to be said about it because the movie fails to give any emotional impact at all.  A friend of mine was at the screening and told me that I didn't need to watch this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can not say that the movie is bad, it's not bad in the slightest. I mean that I loved it. I didn't love it in the same way as many others, but it's definitely not bad at all.   It is a film that I had read about in books and magazines when I was young. I am surprised I never saw this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think I've mentioned this movie once before in another review. The movie is based on the "Lobster Johnson" books by George C. Scott.   The story is basically a tale of a man who gets a lobotomy, and his life is saved by the good doctor who happens to be his best friend.  I thought the movie was pretty entertaining and the acting was pretty good as well.  The only real problem I had with the movie is that I think Scott was over acting a bit in this movie.  It's not that Scott was acting like a lunatic, it's just that Scott isn't a very good actor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was terrible, not even worth watching. The movie has no story, just a bunch of people doing stupid things.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So, I really didn't want to write a negative comment about this movie, but this is what I would say about it. This is a film that does not care about its characters. The one that is the protagonist is a loser who doesn't like to fight. The main character is just a loser and the movie is just trying to make him look good. I don't know why this is in a movie called "I am Spartacus."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a bad film at all, just not very good.  The cast is not very interesting, the script is terrible and there is not much action.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of thing that I would expect from a bad horror movie. It starts off well enough, the kids and their parents are out for a day of fishing. The mom gets lost and runs into a very tall building. The kids are not very bright, they don't get out of the building alive. The only good thing is that the movie is long, but I don't think that is a good thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie starts with a young boy (Dylan McDermott) and his father (Paul Reiser) going to a lake. Dylan's dad has a boat that he uses to sail across the lake. On the way to the boat, the boat starts taking on water and Dylan's father begins to panic. He gets his dad's hat and hat cover from the trunk of his car and tries to hold onto the boat. However, he fails and Dylan drowns. Dylan is rescued by a young girl (Gwen DeMarco) and she and her family use a boat to sail back to their home. Dylan goes home to his mother and father, who are both angry at him and he has no idea why. Dylan doesn't know anything about his father's past and he doesn't want to learn. He doesn't have a job so he can't go to school.   Eventually, Dylan's parents take him out of school to go fishing. The fishing trip is a disaster. The family is almost caught by a killer whale (I was afraid it would be another shark movie, but it wasn't) and the family has to fight for their lives.  The fishing boat goes out to sea and the boat gets swamped by the monster. It's a bit ridiculous, but I liked the scene with the boat and the killer whale.  Dylan's family is then forced to leave the monster behind.  This movie is really good. It has lots of good scenes, including a couple of really funny scenes. The movie is filled with good acting and is filled to the brim with laughs.  Overall, it is a really good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm sorry, but this movie is a bad idea. It was bad enough to be a disappointment, but to think it was going to be such a great idea? Well, I guess it didn't work.    The only redeeming quality to this film is that it has some nice performances. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an absolute disaster. A bunch of stupid people have to fight a giant monster. I don't know why, but this movie does have a "feel" to it, like a cartoon. I can't understand why they wasted a great budget on a stupid film like this. I just wish it would end.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a low-budget "Crimson Tide" ripoff from a movie that has never aged a day. It is a bad film and bad acting, bad acting and bad directing. I think that the director was trying to make a "Spartacus" or "Hercules" style movie, but in this film, the actors are all playing roles. There are three main characters: "The Master" (who looks like a cross between Michael Jackson and the evil character from "Aladdin") and his two sons, "The Kid" and "The Teacher" (both of whom are a little over-the-top). They are all played by the same person and they are all kind of like a bad "Sgt. Bilko" type of character. This is just a bad bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was watching this film a few weeks ago and I'm still angry about the whole thing. I didn't know what to expect and I didn"t know the movie was this bad.   The movie opens with a beautiful sunset. We see a young girl and her friend riding bikes in a forest. We then cut to a guy on a boat with a girl and some guys who seem to be a bit like the girls. The guys ask the girls for a ride and the girls ask for a kiss. The guy then proceeds to tell the girls about his problems with his girlfriend and then tells the girls that he has some ideas about how he wants to change their relationship. The girls refuse to give in to his ideas and so he gets angry and gets into a fight with the girls and the guy who is the girlfriend. The girl ends up in the hospital where she has a panic attack. The doctor tells the guy that he is too emotional to help and the doctor is right.  I have to admit I didn""t care for this movie at all. It has an obvious love triangle and there are a lot of sex scenes but the only thing that bothered me was the girl"s panic attack and the bad acting. I"m sure some people might like this movie and that it was made by an experienced director and producer. I don""t think that"s the case.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie has a lot of potential, but is really a poorly written piece of crap.   There are a couple of interesting ideas about a man who has been a child actor, then becomes a journalist, and then an author, but they are all ruined by the lack of focus and the poor script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was very skeptical about this movie because I don't like horror movies at all, so I was looking for a bad horror movie with a bad ending. I was right about one thing:  I don?t like horror movie endings. They are usually boring and they don? t have any power or meaning to them.   What is worse:  This movie is supposed to be about a woman who lives alone and who decides to take a walk through a forest and falls asleep. The next morning, she is in a hospital bed, having survived a horrific car accident.  The rest of the movie is about her trying to make sense of it all, to cope with it, to recover.  It doesn?t work out that way.  This is a movie that does not want to be taken seriously and the ending is a travesty. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a bad film. I can not believe that people go to see this crap. It is a bad picture and the acting is horrible. They could have used a few actors who knew how to do a scene. I wish I had seen it a long time ago.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second worst movie I've ever seen in my life.  I've seen worse:    -The third act is completely pointless -The main character is an utter waste of a human being -The plot is a waste of time -The music is terrible -The acting is atrocious  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      This movie is a good example of bad movies, and why there is no hope of ever making them better.   The script is a big piece of shit.  It's about a group of kids that get in trouble for playing in the woods, when one of the kids, the oldest, dies and they try to get a ride home.  When they get home, they see that their car was left in the garage, and they have to drive their parents around the neighborhood.  There are so many horrible things in this movie, it's almost hard to know where to start.  One of the things I didn't like is that the kid who died, who I think is supposed to be the star, gets a whole speech about how the world sucks.  I don't know why he didn't have a death scene at the end.  Another thing I didn' like is the fact that the kids who got in trouble, who are supposed to get in a van, are driving a school bus.  But I'll leave that aside for now.  The best thing about this movie is the people who make it.  This is one of those movies where you think it is bad, but then you realize that the director of this movie has actually done his homework.  For example, the scene where the kids are going down the river, the kid goes first, then he says something about how he is supposed be the "cool one", then he starts to get upset because he knows that his brother, who is a little kid, is going to get all the attention.  What a jerk.  Now the kid's father has to get into a fight with another man, because the guy wants to see his kid.  So what if he's a little fat?  Now, if the director had bothered to put some kind of music in the background, it would have made the whole thing better.    I've been told that it's about an abandoned boy.  Maybe it is.  A lot of people like this movie because they think it's "real" and "the real deal", which I find to be a very strange way to think about a movie.  As I said, I'm not sure what it is about this story, but I can't stand it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's hard to find a bad review of a bad film, so I'll keep this brief: It's the sequel to the very bad movie A New Hope, and the story is essentially the same. Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader, in their spacesuits, find the Millennium Falcon and fly it into the heart of the Death Star to get the plans. In the process, they're captured and thrown into a cell. They're rescued by a mysterious young man, and he tells them the story of Luke Skywalker. This is the story that the movies have always been told, and it has all the elements that are necessary to make a bad story bad. I'm sorry, but I just don't like the movie, and I have no idea how anyone could like it.   I don't think the movie was a total failure, and for the first half, it actually manages to make it's points. But then, halfway through, the movie starts getting silly. The dialogue is laughable, and there is almost nothing to do in the first act. This leads to a movie that is completely and utterly pointless. The movie tries to be "bad" for a while, but it ends up just being boring. I could write an entire blog about this movie, but that would be a waste of space. If you like Star Wars, then you're going to love this. If not, then it's just a bad time.   I'm sure that if you like the original Star Wars movies, then the movie will be worth your time. But if you've never seen one of the original films, or if you don't care about Star Wars or the original movies, it's going to be hard to see what the movie is trying to do. If this was a good movie, then I would give it a 5 star rating. But it's not, and that's just not enough.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film was a complete waste of time. It's not even an action movie; it's a boring melodrama with no plot and very little gore. The action scenes are the most dull and boring, there's no real fight scenes and no real gore.   It's like they tried to make a "Walking Dead" film, but in the middle of nowhere.  (review of free movie)   Was this review helpful to you? [ Report Abuse ]
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film that is not worthy of being released.  It is so bad that it is worth watching the trailer.  This is what happens when a movie maker tries to get a movie off the ground.    This film was directed by Michael J. Sacher and stars Joe Swanberg as a man who is obsessed with a very hot woman.  She is an actress named  Jules.  In the film, Jules is shown to be very good at acting, but she is not good at writing.  The movie shows that her husband does not understand her acting.  This is not what you would expect to see in a comedy.  Sacher seems to be making a comedy about a woman who is not very good.  I am surprised that Sacher has only done a few comedy movies and he makes a bad one here.  A good movie would have been to make her a great actress.  It is a very long movie and I found myself wanting to leave after a few hours.  Overall, this is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is all about sex and the only thing that it manages to do is show a few pretty naked people having a great time.   I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone, it is a complete waste of time and a complete disappointment to anyone who thought the movie was any good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not good, I don't care if it's a remake or not, it's just a cheap and cheesy action movie that will only make you laugh at it's terrible acting and boring plot. I'd give this a 4 or a 5 but it's not worth a watch and I've seen better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I really don't want to give this movie more than one star.   It's a remake of a film that was a hit in the 80's called The Beastmaster.   This movie is more of a remake and the original is a little overrated in my opinion.  If you've seen The Beastmasters you'll get a little more of what this movie is about.  The Beast master is an evil monster who wants to kill the young people who live near his lair.  He has to travel from one house to the other to find out where the kids are.  This is the story of a young man who doesn't know how to get to his destination in time.  It also features a very bad special effects.  I'll get back to the movie later. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is just a horrible mess. This film was originally titled "The Hire" in a script by John Landis and Peter Sellers. I have no idea why this movie is so popular with people. It's a bad film, but I don't know why.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was a terrible movie and I don't think I could have done it much worse.   There are many reasons to hate this movie but the worst is that it has an ugly-ass plot.  This is the plot: A little girl named Lillian is on a field trip to the zoo with her father, but the father doesn't show up. So the little girl goes to see the zoo, and then she sees a big black gorilla, so she starts following it and then they go into the gorilla cave, and that's when the father appears, and Lillian wants to give him a kiss.  When Lillian goes into the cave, the father attacks her. The father and Lillian end up in the zoo's "Bully Room" where Lillian starts to cry.  The movie then goes on to show a lot of violence and bad language.  And there are lots of people talking.  It is just bad and I think the director was drunk at the time.  I don' t like it and I never will.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this movie many times and I still find it to be the same movie with the same problems. I'm sure many will like it but I really don't think it's a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A pretty bad movie with no redeeming qualities.    Advertisements
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A poor adaptation of the first novel, a story about the destruction of a village, about a girl's quest to escape from the evil that surrounds her, a good story, and not a bad one at that, it is a pity that the movie did not live up to its predecessor.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A poor effort to cash in on the success of the "Avengers" franchise. The film features one of the greatest villains to ever come out of the Marvel Universe: Baron Strucker. I was disappointed in this film for a few reasons. Firstly, the film seemed to be set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, with the villains using the same villains from the MCU. However, the story is so bad that I couldn't care about the villains or the characters. The story is as follows: Strucker wants to be able to take over the world and so he kidnaps a young boy named Johnny Storm. However after a couple of weeks, Storm starts to get better and is able to defeat Strucker and return to his family. This is all great stuff and would have been good fun, but the story never really goes anywhere and Strucker has no reason to kidnap Johnny Storm in the first place. In fact, the reason Strucker kidnaps Storm is because he wants to take his son from him. I'm not sure how this is even possible. What is Strucker's problem with Johnny Storm? I guess Strucker thinks Johnny is too good for him? The movie is full of bad jokes, but I found them all pretty lame. It also has a couple funny lines about the Avengers, but they are so overused that they become funny again rather than annoying. The best thing about this movie is the voice work by Sean Connery, who gives an amazing performance. But the film's acting is bad and this really comes down to Strucker, who is pretty awful in this movie. The only other good thing about the film is that the story isn't bad and I didn't hate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie itself is a total cluster of nonsense. If the movie is as bad as it looks, it has a good chance of being an embarrassment to everyone involved. The film starts with a strange car crash in which two guys are killed, and the cops are on their way to find the perpetrators.   A few days later, the cops catch up with the guys who have been living under a bridge, and it turns out they were hit by a train.  They're taken to a hospital, but before they can be properly examined, the doctors discover that the guy who was killed was a vampire, and that the people who were killed were part of a satanic cult that worships vampires.  The guys in the car have been watching TV and were looking at a vampire on the news.  As they go to take a look, they are suddenly killed, one by one, one at a time.  This continues for a couple of hours.  Eventually the guy in the truck with the vampire kills a cop.  At one point, the guy is stabbed and then gets killed, so the other guy gets his throat cut, and then a cop is killed.  A couple of cops get stabbed, and so the guy with the truck kills them.  After this, the guys are sent to a prison, where they have to perform some rituals.  Finally, the two guys who were hit in the crash get out of the car and kill the vampires, and they get their revenge by killing the two men in the hospital.  I'm not sure how this movie gets any worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an awful movie.   It has one of the most annoying protagonists ever.  He is a loser, so he doesn't try.  The plot is completely ridiculous.  His sister goes to see a movie and the girl in the movie is   very pretty and he wants her.  It starts with him asking her out to dinner, but they never go.  Then they get a letter from the movie that they went to and she said she   didn't like it.  In fact, she said it   was   like a   bad   movie. I have no idea how he ended up in a movie about a guy who can only get the girl if she is  "pretty and  a good cook."  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad one. A couple of years back, when the film came out, I thought it was going to be one of those films where the acting was bad and the movie was bad. I didn't think it would be like this, but it was. The acting is awful. And the film just doesn't make any sense.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm glad this movie was a flop, and it's so much better in the sequel.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting in this is pretty bad.  Some of the actors do a decent job, but it all boils down to the writing.  I think that the movie was written for a much bigger budget than it got.    The story is not very well done and has little in it to make it worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen the original. This version is terrible.  It's a total rip off of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre.    I'd give it a C+,   but it's not the worst of the series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The best part of this movie is the music. It's really pretty and fits the mood well. There is no story, just a montage of people playing the piano and talking.   Overall, not bad but the actors aren't that great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am really not sure what the point of this movie is. I am a little disappointed that it's only 2 hours long, and it only has a couple of scenes, but if you want to see a little action-packed thriller and a bit of comedy, then you can't go wrong with this movie. I think it would have been a better movie if it had a bit more humor, and a little more action. Overall, this is a very funny movie that has lots of action, but the movie also has a little bit of romance, too. I don't think I have ever seen a movie that is so action-filled. It's pretty intense.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the third time I've seen this movie. I've watched the other two in one sitting.  This time I only had one other movie to watch on the same day.    A movie I can't get out of my head. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are two bad movie sequels:  One about a girl who loves to dance and a little boy who wants to be a rock star.   It's not the most interesting story but is entertaining enough and contains some interesting characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people who are not in the film industry think that this is a great movie. They are wrong.  The acting is horrible. The characters are annoying.    The plot is ridiculous. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie with so many potentials it's unbelievable. It would have been a very good movie, if only the actors had done a better job. They were all very good. There were no really bad parts in the movie, only bad scenes and the last 20 minutes are just plain boring.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very poor movie, a poor movie with no redeeming qualities. It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It has no heart at all, and is a disgrace to the horror genre. There are only 3 endings, and they all suck. One ending is kind of cool, but the ending to the last act is just as bad as the movie. I would hate to see this made again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As stated in my previous review, this movie is nothing but a rip-off of "The Last Temptation of Christ". In that movie, we see a group of teenagers (the "Saints") who have come to a lake in order to make a movie about Jesus (this is a Christian film). Jesus is a bad guy and the other kids are all good guys who have to do all the bad things in order for Jesus to get his comeuppance. This movie does not have the same kind of plot as the first "Temptation". Instead, it has a lot more of the "B-Movie" stuff going on. I guess this is a "tribute" to the first film because it has the same director, Robert Wise, but it is not a very good film. The bad guy in this movie, while he may be a bad man, is still a good guy at the end of the day. The rest of the bad guys in this film are a bunch of people that don't do anything except have sex and smoke pot. This is all done with a bad-ass music score and the same "b-movie" feel.   The only thing good about this movie (besides the music score) is the acting. John C. Reilly is very good in this. He plays a young boy named Peter who has to go out to get the "Stones" to help Jesus get rid of Satan. Peter does a good job as a bad boy. However, the rest of his character doesn't do much for me. I don't know why he was chosen to play this part, but he was probably chosen because he was young and had to act in this bad movie. The only thing that I liked about him was that he was really good at kissing a girl. I am not sure if it was just me or if that is the kind of thing you can do with a 13-year-old boy.  .
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have nothing against the old movie, and it is a very good movie, but the only thing that made me laugh was the little boy who can't get the tooth out of his mouth. It is one of those old movies that will make you laugh.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the film to be very amateurish, and not very interesting. It's about an old couple who have a lot of issues and problems. They have a house full of junk and junk they don't care to get rid of, and a large and beautiful house full with junk they have to deal with. They are a poor couple who work for the government, and they seem to be unable to get anything done. The film's main theme is about people who seem to always have their hands full. It was a real downer, and I would not recommend this movie to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen this movie. I did, however, read the Wikipedia description. This is a terrible film that makes the bad movie genre look good.  And, of course, the bad-movie genre is filled with more awful films than the best-of-the-worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie starts with a girl who is kidnapped.   And then a couple of months pass.    A little boy shows up at her door.  He is a magician who has a new magic trick.  There is a magic castle in the woods.  The magician and the boy go there and the magician puts a ring on the boy's finger.  Then the magician says that he will be back.  I have to say that I don't know why the movie had to be so dull.  And yet I can't help but admire the talent of these two.  It is just a shame that we can't see more of this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a guy named Steve, who is a bad guy and gets killed by some other bad guy.  I can't see how the director got any kind of inspiration for this movie. The acting was not good. The script was stupid. The characters were stupid. I'm not going to give this movie a rating because it was just so bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is about the life of a young boy who is the only survivor of an old house that has been turned into a giant ball of death. There is a woman who lives in this house and she has to care for the old people who have died. They live in the old house. There are no stairs anymore, there is a staircase and a little ladder and a small door in the attic.   One day, the old man decides to move out and leave her to look after the old folk. He leaves all the money to the woman so that she can buy the things the old folks needed. She is so grateful that she asks for a piece of land in a new country.  .   I wish I could say more about this movie but I can't. I hope you like it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poorly made movie.  I'm not even sure how to rate it, but this movie is so bad I would have given it an R rating.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing that would be interesting about this movie would be if it was based on a true story.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of years ago I watched "Coffee and Cigarettes" with my wife at home. It was a bad film. I found it hard to believe that two people could smoke cigarettes so much that they would get into a fight. I also found it difficult to believe a man would put his cigarette out while he was having a fight with his wife. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm glad I got to see this movie when it came out. I loved this movie. I was never a huge fan of the James Bond films (I know I'm an outlier) but this movie had me hooked.  The storyline was interesting and the cast were all fantastic.  I really like the plot.   It was really interesting to see a woman with a baby in her belly walk down the street as a man in a tuxedo tried to kill her.  The man had the woman tied up and then when the woman said she would scream if he touched her, he threw a knife at her. She ran into a store where she called for help and the police came and the man was arrested.  I had to go to the doctor when I saw that he had cut my stomach open and was bleeding.  There was so much blood I couldn't even see.    I loved this story and I hope that the next James Bond movie will be good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very bad movie about a man who doesn't know how to run a business.   What a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a stupid idea, a "family" of four men go on a camping trip and decide to stay in a cabin on a mountain, but things take a bad turn. The whole film seems to be about the men getting high and the women in a very bad mood. But they are not the only ones to get high. The only thing is, the movie is only a bad film, no one gets high, no nothing, except maybe some bad words being said. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a mess. The acting is terrible, the plot is awful, the whole thing is just lame. It starts off as a good old fashioned horror movie, with an old man who is about to go to the grave and his wife who is a little crazy. After they leave, a weird thing happens to the old man, and he is sent to the hospital. The next day, the old woman comes home and says that she is afraid that the old people in the town will try to kill her and her husband. That's right, the town is full of crazies and they want to kill the couple and have the old folks take their place. This leads into a very boring story about a crazy old lady who wants to kill everybody who tries to kill them. The bad acting and lame story make this movie a bad one. I have no idea why this movie is made.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can I say about a movie that is completely made up out of whole cloth? This movie is a disaster and the only reason I gave it a rating of 3 is because the story is really interesting and it's just too bad that there aren't any sequels.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had this movie on the brain while I was at work today.  After I finished this I was glad that I didn't buy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A terrible movie!   It's really a shame.   As a viewer I'm not interested in the story at all.  I think it was a good idea to take a good movie and make it look bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like this movie because it's not good, it's bad. It's so bad I can't stand it, and it's so old I don,t even want to watch it. It is a comedy but it's a horrible comedy. It has nothing to do with the movie I thought it was about. I hate this movie. I'd hate to be a child of the 80's and watch this. I mean I hate the movie and I hope someone makes a better one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was pretty bad, I can only describe it as a bad adaptation of a good novel. It is like a terrible movie with an even worse script. It started with a man named Jack being taken from his home by an evil man called Mr. Red, and being forced to participate in an evil game called "The Game of Love" with two other men. This movie is so bad that I cannot imagine a worse movie than this, in fact I couldn't even watch it and let myself think about it, the story is so stupid, and every part of the movie is just plain silly. I don't know how I can describe how bad this movie is.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is not a good movie.   It is a generic "war movie" where a few guys with guns shoot at a bunch of people who are running from a band of bad guys.  The movie has a few interesting scenes, such as the scene where the bandit leader talks to the guys about how he's going to kidnap the young boy, but this is not much of a movie. This movie is very, very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  " I'm not sure I've ever seen a movie so clearly a complete waste of time as this one.  It's as if a couple of college students had a bunch of extra time on their hands, had the movie projector in their basement and were playing "The Wizard of Oz" in a circle.    The only reason anyone should want to see this movie is if they're just really sad, depressed, lonely, angry, or just really bored.  "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would rate this movie at about a 3, the plot is very interesting, it does contain a few twists, and it's a bit of a mess.  The ending is pretty lame too.  The movie is not bad at all, and is one of the most interesting films I have ever seen.   This is one bad movie, that had me rolling my eyes at one point, and the end was really lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really didn't want to go to this movie.   It has the same formula as every other action movie in Hollywood.  They have to save the world by getting their guns out.  There is a scene where a car explodes and they run over some men.  It's not even a car, it's a helicopter!   And it takes forever to stop the helicopter.      Now the bad part:  The director and writer of this movie are a pair of jerks.  The guy who made the movie is an absolute douche.  He's the kind of guy who wants to have his picture taken with a hot chick and then is going to write her a movie to show the chick how nice he is.  I don't know if he did that in this movie but I'm sure he did.  If you are a hot girl reading this, maybe you should go back and watch the movie with the guy who directed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm a big fan of John Carpenter and this is his worst work to date. It's a pretty awful movie. The main character is a wacky and ridiculous character. He's always talking and looking crazy. The rest of the characters in the movie are a bunch of wacky clowns. The film is not funny. It looks like it was made in the 80's.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a bad bad movie. A very bad movie with a bad director. I would not recommend this to a friend.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, I'm going to be a little harsh on this movie. This is just a poorly-acted movie. I'm not sure what this movie is trying to do other than show the bad side of our world. But even if it's a bad picture, it's not a bad-looking one. I'd probably recommend this movie to everyone, but don't bother trying to find a copy on video or DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I love all of the original characters and the fact that the director is not afraid to show some of the gore and the effects from a movie like this is amazing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't stand the music in this movie, it is very bad. It's just boring. I don't think that the movie is really worth watching. It is just a bad excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really can't find anything bad about this movie.   The acting is terrible.  The cinematography is very good, the soundtrack is great.  This movie is a fun ride, but there's really nothing else to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last two-thirds of the movie were absolutely awful. The first hour was actually a little interesting and I enjoyed watching the characters trying to find a way out of the dungeon.   I also liked that the characters weren't completely brainless zombies and were instead smart and determined people trying to survive.  The ending was kind of a letdown. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is not a movie that I enjoyed.  It is a terrible film, and in all honesty, the story just doesn't make any sense.  I would not recommend it to anyone at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So the first movie in this trilogy is an interesting one, with a lot of action and some good humor, but this is not the first time this film has been remade or remastered, so I would have liked to see more of this version of the film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not only a mess, it's a bad bad movie.  I could never imagine a better bad movie to watch on a bad day.    The movie is about two brothers, David and William (played by Robert De Niro and Joe Pesci) who get involved in a conspiracy to murder the King of England.  The King is played by an actor who seems to have no idea how to act, and when you watch this movie you will see why.  There are no laughs in this movie, and there are no good acting performances either.  This movie is bad, and not in a good way.  It makes me want to punch my television and cry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really liked this movie.   I loved the movie when it came out.  The only problem with this movie was the music.  I think they used the wrong song.  A good song would have been, "The Night I Was Born" by George Benson. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film starts off very well. There are two characters in the film: a very cute young girl and a rather creepy old man. I liked them both. But then it becomes very, very boring. The old man's dialogue is very cliched and silly. It's like he's reading a book he made up. The young girl just gets more and more annoying as the film progresses. I've never seen a film that has this many characters. There is too much to keep track of. I know that this is supposed to be a comedy, but it doesn't seem to work on me. The only time it did work was when the old man and the young girl are in the forest together. It seemed like the two of them were having fun. The rest of the film was boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm sure this movie is about a great big robot, but it's just not that great of a movie. The acting is pretty bad (I don't think I've ever heard anything so bad in my life) and the animation is all over the place. It's like the animation team was too busy making the robots look ridiculous to actually create a plot. The worst part of the movie is when they start talking about how they're all the same, they have a giant head and a robot body. It makes no sense and I don't know why they thought they'd make a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love the movie.   There is a lot of comedy, a lot going on, and a lot about the "why are we here" question.  This movie would have been great on a smaller budget, but for the fact that it was made on the cheap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The best thing about this movie is the voice work.   I think the voice actors are all amazing, and they have a great chemistry together.  This movie is a bit too long, but it's a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most interesting aspect of the film is that it is not really about the war, at least not directly. It's about the death of an old man who is buried near the place where he died, and the way his family deals with that fact.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is a movie called "Punk: The Movie"   It's about a bunch of punk rockers who are trying to get some cash and are trying out a new punk rock group called "Furthur"  This is the best "punk" movie ever made, and is just an awesome flick.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I was supposed to enjoy it.  I thought it was good but it really wasn't.    The story follows a boy who is trying to save his grandmother from a bad man.  What is a good movie:   It's about a boy trying to stop a bad guy.  This is good movie.  I just hope there isn't another one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So this movie, about a young boy who gets into an accident, gets up and goes to school, is given a book to read and a teacher that is not really a teacher (no teacher's pet here) is assigned to watch him as he reads it, and to teach him about the difference between right and wrong. He says the book is about a boy who was hit by a car and went to the hospital and a nurse told him he would be fine and she said the doctors couldn't be certain if he was really fine but that it didn't matter. He asked the nurse what would happen if he were to have another accident and the nurse said he would still be fine. The boy says the nurse has no right to tell him what to do and asks the nurse to leave. So she does and the boy decides to make a paper airplane to show his nurse what not to do. The nurse is confused by the paper airplane and decides to throw it at the boy and tells him not to make any more paper airplanes. He does so and gets hit again and is left with a broken leg. He asks the doctor to take him home but the doctor refuses and tells the nurse that the boy can't be left in the hospital anymore and that he needs to go home with his mom. The movie ends with the nurse saying "that was a very special boy." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like a poorly made version of "Jaws" with better special effects and the occasional glimpse of human life.  I'm not a great fan of the film.  Here is a clip from the original: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was going to be a good movie! But it turned out to be the same old thing. I think the director should be fired. The writing is horrible and the acting is even worse. The only redeeming thing about the movie is the song.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is about a man (James Woods) who is trying to make a living doing what he loves best. When he meets a pretty waitress (Linda Blair) who doesn't look like she knows what she is doing, he agrees to pay her for sex. Soon enough he's falling for her, but he has other plans.   Unfortunately, there is not a lot of sex in this movie. It's all pretty boring, and the sex scenes are not very exciting. The sex scenes seem to be in the background while the plot is told. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half of this movie is nothing but a bunch of terrible jokes. I was laughing at how bad it was and I was thinking, "Oh yeah, I've been to the wrong movie. I've seen this a hundred times." Then it started to pick up and it became a very decent movie, which I guess is the only good thing about it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that is more about a girl named Katie and her friends (one of which is named Emily) and her parents. The movie is more of a comedy and it is not really that funny. It is funny but not really. This movie is made to be a movie to be seen on the big screen so it should have been. It does not hold up well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a lot of potential but unfortunately its a very dull and dull movie. It feels like they were making a documentary about some type of cult and that they just made it up as they went along. They just got really caught up in making the story interesting but really didn't have a good grasp of what they were doing. The story is so simple and lame that it just seems like a bunch of people trying to convince each other to do something stupid. I also found it very hard to get past the "I don't want to look a fool" type of scene.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is one of the worst things I've ever seen. I would give it a 0/10 if it weren't for one thing: the actors who play the "good guys" are absolutely terrible. I mean, this is a movie where the only reason we're supposed to care about the hero's dad is because he was a bad man who raped and killed a child. The other characters are just horrible: they're horrible actors, terrible writers, horrible directors. I've never seen a movie like this. It's so bad it's good, and then some: it's a film where the bad guy's "kidnapping" turns out to be an elaborate ruse, the only thing he's trying to do is escape the police, and all the bad guys have a backstory that makes no sense, they have no sense of humour, and they're all so stupid it's hard to believe they even know who they're supposed be.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you don't like to laugh at movies you will not like this one. I don't know how to explain it, I couldn't laugh once at all and I could only laugh at other people's misfortune.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Tough shit" is a bad film.  The story is so bad it's hard to take it seriously.    The plot follows the life of a young man named Jim (Cory Stoll) who, after a brutal rape, has to flee to a cabin in the woods.  He meets a woman named Lula (Samantha Eggar) who tells him that he is the son of a famous war hero.  Lula tells Jim to run and run and he does and finds himself at a boarding school in Virginia.  When he is discovered by a teacher named Mrs. McManus (Judy Garland), he runs to her for help.  While he's there, he meets a fellow named Jimmy (Peter Boyle), a former marine who is now an actor.  Jimmy takes Jim under his wing and Jim learns the ropes.  The story follows their paths from childhood to the adult world.  One thing that is missing from the story is any real characterization or any real sense of the characters.  Even the characters are not terribly complex.  In fact, they are quite simple and do not do much.  For example, Jim is pretty much a "damsel in distress" type.  And the only character that really gets anything out of the story, aside from a couple of laughs, is Lula.  If you want to see a bad story, this is a good place to start. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a boy who's father is a farmer and he is also a bad person.  It is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I never saw the original film but this is not a good adaptation.  The movie doesn't hold a candle to the original but it still has a good cast including Bill Pullman who does a good job as the evil sorcerer.    I thought the story was interesting and it was well told.  The movie is kind of like a cross between the first three Harry Potter movies.  It is a great cast and I am really glad they were given the opportunity to do a sequel to this film.  I give it a 4.5 out of 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have not seen a movie that has had a more depressing impact on me since "The Searchers". I was going to give this 4 stars because it is good, but it just has that "bad" feeling to it that only a bad film can have.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a whole, this is a pretty uneventful movie. The actors are all good, but the script is a mess. The ending is so unbelievable I thought it was going to be a parody. This is a bad comedy that is trying to be more than it is.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a man who is having a terrible time in prison. The prison guards treat him like crap, the food is bad, he has to work in the prison library. The movie doesn't do much to get the story out of its rut.  The first act is about how the man is in prison because he killed his wife. He is not really happy about that.  He is also having a hard time adjusting to life in prison, as he is not allowed to watch TV, and he has no books to read.   He gets the idea that he could be a real good bookworm if he just got a hobby.  Unfortunately, this doesn't work out as he starts looking for a hobby that doesn't exist.  Then, one day, a fellow inmate offers to give him a job.  It turns out that he is a real bookworm and has a real passion for reading.  The prison library is not very interesting, but it is a job, and a job is better than nothing.  While the movie gets into the character's past, we never really get a good look at him.  When he is supposed to be in prison he is in a cell with a man he is apparently in love with.  One day he is given a book by his new friend, and the book is about him. He really enjoys the book and is thinking about going back to prison.  This is a good story, and it is interesting to see how the character grows. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I hate this movie.   For a movie about a group of kids who run away from their homes and get involved in the world of crime, this movie is a mess.  The story revolves around a group that consists of: - a dumbass who is a drug addict - a girl who is an overbearing, oversexed, spoiled brat - a fat girl who just wants to get fat - a bad guy who is just a bad person   The movie features a cast of characters that range from bad to worse.  Some of the characters are even named by their respective roles in the movie. I could go on for hours about each character, but I will keep it short and just say that these characters are stupid, obnoxious, and don't know how to act.  I have seen worse movies, but this movie ranks up there with the worst of them.  It is an action movie and it is awful.  This movie will leave you with a headache.  There is not a single good thing to say about this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful movie with an awful script.  The director tried to do a Western, but failed to do it well.    He was forced to film in the desert and filmed in a poorly lit studio, which makes the film look very bad.  It's hard to believe a movie like this made it past the studio.  The cast are all over the place.  They are the typical actors that just come out and do something.  This is why the film is so bad. The rating is  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a good movie, but the acting is terrible.  Some of the lines are pretty bad, like "I think you're cute, but I'm not ready for your body to be on the screen."  I really hope it's an indie that gets made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was a pretty bad movie, but then the movie is made up of such bad things that it is hard to give it anything more than 3 stars.   This is the sequel to the first movie, and in many ways, it is even worse than the first one.  It has an even more obnoxious villain, who is even more annoying than his predecessor.  The whole movie is just silly, even though it has a lot of heart.  I really wanted to like this movie, because it is pretty entertaining, but it just comes across as being completely stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is pretty bad. It is not a bad film at all. It's just very bad. I like to think of it as a parody of the movie, The Great Dictator. The movie features a few other things that I liked about it. The first was the use of a very cute little boy to introduce some things about the dictator and the government.   It's a shame that they couldn't have used the same kid for the movie itself, as it would have been much funnier.  The other thing I liked was the portrayal of the "evil" side of the government as a group of bad-ass guys that are just as bad as the dictator.  I think this is an important message for a dictator to teach his citizens.  Another thing I like about the movie is the soundtrack. It has a very strange, almost alien sounding sound that I have never heard before.  This is a very bizarre movie and I enjoyed it very much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like this movie.  It has a story, but that story is very thin, and has a bad ending that isn't really satisfying.  I just don't know what was going on in this movie at all.  This movie was directed by David Mamet.  Mamet has written a lot of good, bad and funny movies.  He was not great at directing this movie, and I don´t know why.  Maybe he thought it was an opportunity to make a comedy out of the death of a woman.  The story was really thin.  But the ending was really bad.  There was no real reason for what happened.  If you don't want to see this movie you can just look up the information on the Internet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was so looking forward to this movie. The trailer was good and so was the movie. I was looking forward so much to watching this movie, and it was like a dream come true. I never saw this movie in a theater so I guess this is the first time I have seen it. It is a very funny movie with some good actors. The best part of the movie is that we see a lot of different places in the world, and that is what I like about it. I hope that this movie comes out on Blu-Ray one day.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this is one of the worst horror movies I've seen.  The acting was very cheesy.    And the story is horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie before, and this is a bad remake of the 1985 movie. The story revolves around the relationship between a female detective and a serial killer, and the killer's bizarre obsession with the detective. The movie does a good job of recreating the atmosphere and the way the detective is portrayed. The bad movie is that the killer is played by the same guy who played the original, but who is not the same person at all. I did not like this movie at all, and it had nothing to do with the 1985 version. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you are looking for a fun, goofy, and over-the-top ride that will make you laugh until you cry, then you've come to the right place! The only thing I would have done differently is to get some kind of musical score, or at least a few songs that will get you into a good mood. I would give this one a B
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you are a fan of John Carpenter, this movie is not for you. If you were a fan at all, you will be glad to find out that this movie did not live up to the hype. It is not a good movie, it is a bad film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is simple enough, a group of friends get stranded in a remote part of Alaska after a storm. They find a cabin that is empty and decide to sleep there. After all, the cabin doesn't have anything to do with the group, not even a television or a microwave. The cabin, it turns out, is haunted by a couple of spirits, a husband and wife who are both very old and have no memories of their lives. The wife, a widowed woman in her 60's, is known to move in with the husband in her old age. The husband, a 60 year old man who seems to be out of his mind, spends his time watching television. He also spends his nights drinking heavily and smoking.   Despite its simplicity, this story is full of mystery and a good deal of horror. I have never read a story that was so frightening and made me feel so helpless. I was very afraid that this was going to be another "Shaggy Dog" or "Haunted House." I was afraid to go into this cabin and I was frightened when I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know this is the only review I will ever write.  You can't make bad movies great by removing the flaws. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie about a man who has no idea what he's doing.  The guy is not very intelligent and is very lazy.    He spends his entire life in a cave looking at a picture.    He has a bunch of other things in the cave and he has a big problem.  The big problem is that his wife and kids are living in New York and he doesn't have a job.  In New York, it's hard to get a job if you don't have any money.  And even if you do have money, it won't do you any good.  So this guy decides to get some job in New Mexico.  He's not very smart and he's not really looking for a job in Albuquerque.  But one day he gets a call from a woman named Celia who lives in Albuquerque and he decides to go over there to see her.  Unfortunately, he's so busy looking at the picture of her that he doesn' t notice the little kid who's in the picture with her.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really enjoyed the first few hours of this movie, the plot is rather simple, two men, one of whom is a genius, and the other is a total fool. When the idiot decides to go to the moon to find a man who he thinks is a mythical creature, he accidentally lands on the moon and comes upon the legendary being, which is called 'The Holy Grail'. When the man goes to see the Grail, it's discovered that he's in fact a woman and she is the only one who knows the location of the Holy Grail. She does this by getting the men to drink her blood.   A very strange movie, but I liked it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie that does not have a plot. The movie is basically about a guy who is really into the "Dawn of the Dead" remake. It seems like the movie was made with one purpose in mind: make a quick buck. The cast of actors is so bad that it is not funny at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     This movie is bad but you need to watch it to understand what's wrong. The movie is about a man who is kidnapped and killed by a bunch of kidnappers. After that, he is buried alive. Then the cops find the grave.   It's about a guy who gets buried alive because he killed the guy who was burying him. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So, if you haven't seen it, here's a bit of background. I saw it at the theater last weekend. I was kind of disappointed. I know there's a lot of people that really like this movie. I thought it was just not that good. I'm not one for bad movies. It just doesn't click for me. I don't even know what to say. The movie is about a man who's trying to save a girl from a rapist, and he gets a little help from his friends. I'll get to the movie, but I'll start with the reviews: 1. It's a movie with some good ideas, but not a whole lot of execution. I found the story to be a little cliche, and the dialog to be pretty terrible. I wouldn't mind seeing it again in a theater if I were in the mood. 2. The acting was good, and I think the movie was well directed. I didn't like the ending. 3. The ending was really weird. I mean, I was laughing at it at first, but then I realized that the whole thing was a dream, and it didn't really make sense.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "I've had a good life."   And so has everyone else. The problem is that they're all so... dead?   They just don't look alive. The only one who looks alive is a little kid, and he's playing with a plastic gun. I don't know what he's doing with it, but it looks like he's just shooting the shit with it. I'm sure he's never fired a real gun.   But there's also a little girl. And her eyes are green.   "I'm going to give you a present, my dear, you'll like it!"   Oh, no. No, she's not going to like it. No one's going to want to eat this thing. The thing is so hard it looks as though it would be hard to eat. And she's still playing with the plastic gun, which is a real stretch for a little thing like that. The little girl is going to have a very bad day.   to be continued...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, it was good to see some good movies on Saturday night.   It was a good idea to do it in a movie theatre, but it was really difficult to get into the theater.  I don't know why it took so long to get the film going, because it looked like it was going to run long.  The people watching the movie looked like they were having fun, and that was really the only thing that kept me watching.  They had some fun doing some scenes, like they made the two guys fight in the elevator.  But the only time it looked good was when they were shooting the dog and when they threw the rocks and the rope and all that stuff.  It had an amazing score from Tony-Otto-Baldwin. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have ever seen!  I thought it was a little odd that the whole family had to go into a room with a big red curtain on the wall.  They all looked really nervous and weird.  I mean, who was the only kid in the family who had a little girl in the movie? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie's not bad, but it's really boring, and you should try to watch it while in a quiet place, so you don't have to listen to it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie, but at least it's funny. It is really bad. It features a guy who is so retarded that his name is spelled with a c, and he talks like a baby and gets his butt kicked in the first 30 seconds. The movie was written and directed by a guy named John Green (who wrote a couple of good books and has a great movie career going on). I am not kidding, this is a movie about a retarded guy who fights a baby, and gets a butt kicking in the process. It's really lame and it's not funny.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was a huge fan of "The Thing" when it first came out in 1979. I still am.   A good idea that went wrong in execution. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not about how to get to heaven or how to build a rocket or anything. It is about a family of five who are about to be evicted from their home.  This family of people were the ones who made a movie for a church production and the movie was about how the rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer.   It is a sad movie and not very funny either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last half hour or so is the best, but it was already a terrible movie.   - August 23, 2011The worst movie I have seen in a long time
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have to agree with the previous review:  This is a terrible movie.  I really have no words to describe it.  The story is so bad that it's hard to believe the actors are even capable of playing such roles.  There are only two decent scenes in the movie: the first is when the main character is running from a group of thieves and he tries to fight one of them, but he can't get the guy down.  Then, later in the scene, the hero gets up and tries to punch another guy in the face, but it is impossible for him to hit him in the right spot.   This movie has a couple of decent bits.  First, there is a bit of a chase scene.  It's not a great chase, but at least it is exciting.  Next, there's a bit about a girl and her boyfriend.  At first, I was annoyed that it was about a guy.  But then I thought, what is the problem?  Maybe the problem is that the main characters are so lame that they don't seem to have any life at all.  So, I guess I'm supposed to like them.  If you're not a fan of this movie, it's probably best to pass it up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In my opinion, the worst movie I have seen in a long time. I have not watched it in many years because I hate bad movies, but I did see it and I am going to rank it.   The plot of the movie revolves around a guy who runs a little convenience store. One day, he is given a "business opportunity" by his friend and he agrees to sell a bottle of milk for $3.00. The milk is supposed to be "old" but the milk is actually a fresh batch of milk. What happens next?   He has to sell it to a man who buys it, and the man pays $7.00 for it. He also says that he'll return the milk in a few days.  That night, he gets a call from the milkman.  The milkman tells him to bring the milk back to him by 11:30 a.m.  After the milk arrives, the milk man asks if he can take it back to the store, but the guy says no, since it's been delivered.  The next morning, the guy gets another call from a man named George.  George says he was just at the store and he saw the milk and asked if he could have it, but he refused to take it. George also says he knows the milk can't be bad.  Now, you might say, "Oh, well, George knows everything."   But he does not.  He also knows that there is a law that says that the milk should be delivered at 11:00 a. m.  So what does George do?  He steals it!   So this milk is stolen, and we are told that it's from "the farm."  The guy then has to go to the police to report it. But there is another problem.  When he reports it to the policeman, he says that it is not the milk he was given, but a bottle that has a label that says "H.E.M."  Which is not a real milk.  It was actually a milk truck that had been taken over and the milk was mixed with water to make it taste like "HEMP."  He reports it as such, but we are not told if the police believe him.  There is one more scene.  In this scene, we see a milkman, and he is holding a sign that says, "Milk is for
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad film.   As a matter of fact, I would not recommend this film to anyone, regardless of how old they are, as this is not a good movie at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie has a few bad things about it:  1. The opening credits are a bad joke:  This movie is supposed to be a "feel good" movie about a guy who can fly, and he can't fly, because the evil witch that is in charge of controlling his body has the power to control his body as well. But, even though this is a "funny" movie, it just isn't funny:  It's all so predictable and cheesy.  2. The "feelgood" ending:  There's no way the guy is able to fly, so the evil wizard just gives him a special "halo" that allows him to fly.  3. The stupidly stupid final fight:  The final fight is so stupid that it is almost laughable.   I would say that this movie is not funny, but it is just not worth the time of anyone to watch it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has not a single redeeming feature in it. It's basically a cheesy action flick that's about as bad as a movie can get.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have seen the bad, I have done the bad. This movie was a complete disaster from start to finish. The movie starts out with a "glorious" sunset as a man's son and his wife are walking across a beach with their dog. The father says, "My son is an only child. It is wonderful to see him in such good health. I wonder how he will fare after his mother passes away?" The father then says,  "Now, you two, you and your dog. We are going out. We must enjoy ourselves. We can always have a nice time, you know?" The mother says,  "Yes, of course, father. Let's enjoy ourselves." Then, they see a beautiful sunset. "Oh, this is so beautiful. This is the first time I have ever seen the sun so high in the sky." "It's wonderful." "Yeah, it's wonderful. Now, let's walk a little bit. You and your wife can go home." "Okay." "Now we have to go back." The father turns and walks toward his car. "Okay, I'll be right back." He returns to his car and his son turns to his wife. The son says,   "I guess it's going to be hard for us to walk back home tonight. But you're always home. We love you." And then the mother says to the son,    "I think we have a beautiful evening ahead of us. But first, we have something to do. I'm going to make you some tea. You can have some more if you like." The son, being a very young child, takes the tea, drinks it, and then goes back to his father. The boy, being just a little child, does not understand the tea. "Dad, I think I don't like the tea." "You don't have to like it, son. We'll have to drink it all before it gets cold." The mother then walks back to the car and the boy follows her. She gets in her car and says, "...I don't think it's good to drive. But I'll drive." She then goes to the parking lot and picks up her purse. Then, she returns to her car to drive away. The wife asks, "What are we going to do now? We have to drive back home." The husband then says to his son, "Let's go home. You two
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I never liked this movie much. It's a very long and slow movie with a lot of slow motion. It was hard to watch.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had a few beers in a pub on a hot day. The pub was empty. The bartender was a young girl. She was talking to a guy in the corner of the bar. The guy was a bit drunk. She told the bartender to go back to her friend. She walked over to a table of three guys. They were drinking beer. I didn't want to drink the beer, so I went over to the bar and bought a few more beers. The two older guys had a fight. One of the guys was a drunk. He got into a bar fight with a younger guy. The older guy ended up getting a bloody nose. The younger guy had a beer in his hand. He picked up the beer and threw it at the old guy. It hit the older guy in his eye. The bar manager walked in. He was about to pull the old dude out of the fight, when a third guy stepped in and hit the old one. The old guy fell over and hit his head on the floor. The three guys ran out of there. The other guy had to call a cab to take him home. The guys were arrested. The bouncer and the bartender were also arrested. I couldn't believe it. I went home and had a glass of wine. I watched TV and then I went to bed.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a combination of three different types of terrible movie. The first is the generic "kidnapping" story. The "kid" is a little kid named David. He is in a hospital, and he has been "kidned" by his aunt, Mrs. Hester. The two are the same age, and the aunt is not as sweet as Mrs.Hester. David is sick, and Mrs. Hersel is very cruel to him. He doesn't have a lot of fun, because of this, and I was disappointed with it. The second type of horrible movie is the comedy. It is a bunch of actors in a room making fun of someone. I couldn't get through it. I think the "cameraman" (it is very hard to figure out who he is, and who is shooting, but I think it is the same guy) is supposed to be funny, but it just isn't. There are some funny parts in the movie, but the movie is just awful. The third type of terrible is the musical number. It was the worst thing I have ever seen. It started off OK, and then it turned into a really terrible song. It just kept going on. It seemed like it was trying to be too funny, and it ended up being even more awful than I expected. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The original release of this movie was really awful. I don't even know why it was released in the first place. It has to be one of the most un-edgy movies I have ever seen.   I have never been a fan of the Saw franchise, but the fact that they went this far with this movie, and made it such a cheap knock-off of a Saw movie (to the point that it doesn't even have the original film's theme song), I'm not sure if I want to see more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very bad movie that is full of stupid characters.  The dialogue is very bad and the characters are just plain boring.  A great example of why bad movies suck:   - A group of people go into a house to look for a "sugar daddy." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is horrible. I have to say it was the worst movie I have ever seen. The acting was terrible and the writing was horrible.   The movie started off great, then it went downhill from there.  I really have to give it a 0 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's one of those movies you watch at a friend's house when they're having a bad day.  You're watching it because your friend was talking about the movie in the car last night.    And you're watching because you're drunk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was so excited about seeing this movie when it was first announced that I knew I had to see it. I mean, I like horror movies and this one is great! I mean seriously, the first scene when the girl is crawling around in a field is the scariest thing I have ever seen.   The movie has a great score from Peter Gabriel and a good cast. I am sure this movie is just too horrible to see again but it was really cool to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a real disappointment. I really didn't think I would like this movie. It had a very bad acting, and was filled with cheesy one liners, and a few too many characters to mention. I didn't care about any of the characters, except for the one in the film who I felt did a great job.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with my wife, who is not a fan of horror movies. This movie has a lot of scenes where the characters are in some kind of trance. I guess they were trying to be funny and were failing miserably.  In this movie, the characters were portrayed as the most unsympathetic characters ever. The only character who was portrayed as sympathetic was the lead male, who was a loser. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I thought this was just an old time western, but what it really is is a bad horror film.   It's pretty much the same as the old western films I grew up watching: it's a man with a gun chasing a bandit through the wilderness.  This is the only reason it gets a 4 instead of a 1 because the man with the gun is really scary and the bandit doesn't make a big impression on me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In my mind, this film is the worst of the decade. I had to see this movie because of the poster and I didn't like it at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping for a little more substance in this movie, but instead we are given a movie that's nothing more than a collection of "I want to die" moments and "I wish I could die" fantasies.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'll give it five stars. But I wouldn't recommend this movie to a very young child.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total disaster! The acting is very bad, the dialogue is bad, and the plot is bad. I will not watch this movie again, even if I get a free pass, it's a total waste of my time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think this movie is terrible and should never be seen by anyone who hasn't seen the original. I was going to give it a low rating, but the only reason I gave it a "D" was because the story line was good. This is a bad idea. The plot was not very original. It was basically the old "Muppet Show" that the guys were playing in in the old days. The old Muppets were playing bad guys, and the new ones were playing the bad guys in this "story." The characters were pretty much the same. The bad guys were the Muppety Muppers, the bad guy who was playing the evil dictator was named "Rummy the Clown," and the bad girl was named the evil princess. It had nothing to do with the original Muppet Show. The new Muppet Show characters were all voiced by the same people who played the Muppet Muppeteers, and even the voice actors who played them were the same, except for the evil character played by Mr. T and a few others. There were not very many of the original actors in the movie. One of the new actors playing the "evil princess" was a guy who had played the "bad guy" in "Muppets from Space" about ten years earlier. And the movie was a rehash of the "Maverick" and "Mimic" movies.   The movie didn't have a happy ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poor film. The movie has no plot and no purpose. It is a generic bad movie and you should watch the movie for the bad acting and stupid dialogue. It has to be the worst film ever made. I think I have seen worse.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There was a brief bit of comedy in this film about a man trying to be a hero but his plan fails because he's not good enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film starts with an extended "Welcome to hell" theme, and it goes on like that all the way to the very end.   It's one of those films that you have to look up from time to time just to make sure you're not missing a single piece of it.  It may not have the high production values of a modern blockbuster, but it has that classic feel that makes it all the more appealing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you don't like to see big boobs in sexy outfits, this will not be for you.   It's a movie about a man who can't stand the sight of his daughter in a short skirt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A big disappointment, especially in a summer movie, because it was all very stupid.   The film is based on the novel of the same name by the very funny and talented John Steinbeck.  The story concerns a guy named Paul Kersey, who is married to the lovely and kind-hearted Mabel O'Donnell.  In a fit of anger, Paul shoots his wife in the head, because she won't let him take her out for a drive in his convertible, and so he does, and the car goes out of control.  What happens next is quite silly.  As you might expect from the title, the film follows the plot of the novel very closely.  And in fact, the only thing that might make it any better is if they had cut out the parts where Paul goes off and takes a shower.  All in all, it is a big disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the same film as the previous one, with the same plot, with another bad actor. I really don't want to watch it, I really dislike the story, and it has no real meaning to it, besides that, I can't watch anything with a bad actor playing a bad part. I'm really tired of it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like to imagine what it would be like if this movie came out before Jurassic Park. It's like a better version of The Blues Brothers: a group of goofballs stumble into a prehistoric world where they stumble into an ancient civilization where they fall in love. The acting is so bad that it's impossible to take any of it seriously, and the plot is so weak that it only makes it worse.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My boyfriend and I met in college and have been together ever since. I always loved her, but she wasn't always a happy camper. She had a bad temper, but that's not unusual for someone of her generation. This movie is an attempt to get her back on track. The problem is, this is the last straw. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In a world where zombies and monsters are all the rage, the title says it all. A lot of people thought this was a good movie, but only a few of us thought it was very good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The ending was awful. I loved the rest of the movie. It's not really a good movie but it's a good idea that's never fully executed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful, from the title right up to the end.  The story is a mess.   A family moves into a newly built home.  "I'm sorry, this is my new home."    This is a story of a young woman who moves in with her family.  This family is made up of the mother, father, and her son.  The son is the only person who is actually "normal" and has a sister who is not normal.  Unfortunately, she is a bit "different".   Her name is "Holly".  She is a very odd girl.  Holly is a complete and utter freak.  I don't know how anyone could find anything to like about this girl. I have never seen a freak like her before.    She talks in a very weird and odd way and has no sense of self.  She has no real interest in any kind of normal life.  Her mother, on the other hand, is a wonderful mother.  They love each other and are happy.  However, they do not understand what is wrong with Holly.  Why does she hate her sister?  She doesn't like her.  It is as if the whole family is mad at Holly.   I mean she does everything a normal family does, but is totally out of it.  Now this might not be so bad if it wasn't for the weirdness of the whole thing.  You will not like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible movie. The actors did a bad job and it's obvious the director wanted to get out of the movie by the second act. I have no idea why this is rated PG-13. The film is not scary and the actors did not do their jobs either. I would never watch this movie again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a bad film.   A bad movie is a film where the writer's voice doesn't work.    The writer doesn't seem to have a clue how to write a good story.  It's like the movie writers were trying to do an impression of an actual TV show where they played the characters the way they played them.  The worst thing is, the movie seems to be about two people who go through a divorce and the guy (who is a lawyer) starts out being nice and tries to help the guy.  When he gets a divorce settlement he decides to move in with her.  Then he decides that the only way he is going to get her back is to have sex with her while she's asleep.  If he were the writer of this movie it would have been called:  "How To Get Your Ex Back In Bed While You're In The Morning."   And the movie would have ended with the lawyer giving a divorce deposition that ends with the two of them having sex while the lawyer is asleep.   The movie was not funny.  And I don't know how they thought they could make this movie funny because the whole movie seemed like a joke to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story of the movie is a little bit similar to that of the earlier "Star Wars" films, but it is much more ridiculous and ridiculous.   First off, the villain is a giant blue lizard that has a mind of its own and can't be reasoned with.  He tries to blow up the city by using a giant robot and a giant machine.  The main character is the only one who is sane, and when the villain attacks, he throws a huge bomb to blow it up.  This is all to no avail.  Next the villain and the hero are stuck in a race to see who can build the most ludicrous looking thing out of the pieces of junk that the villain has left in the trash.  After several obstacles the hero wins and ends up getting all the junk in the city and making it his home.  However the villain then comes out and destroys the city with his giant robot.  I would have liked to see the heroes in this movie come out and destroy the villain, but they just sit around being stupid and talking about how they want to destroy the city.  Also, the ending is so stupid.  When the heroes get back to the city they realize the giant robot is still there.  So they decide to rebuild it.  But that leads to the big fight scene that is shown at the end of the film.  Why would they have such a stupid scene?  Also at the very end, there is a cameo of an alien.  It looks like a blue alien.     The Good:  The movie is stupid, but a little funny at times.  Overall it is an enjoyable movie and is not bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is so terrible I would never want to watch it again. It's just horrible!   It's a "B-movie" that doesn't even try to be anything else. The movie is about a man who can't be in two places at once. It seems he's a vampire, and he has a girlfriend named Missy. But she's only 18 and she doesn't really like him. So when he needs to go on a cruise she goes with him. I have to say I was very disappointed with this movie.   I think it's just so bad it has to be a "S" movie. I think the movie is just so badly done that it would be better as a "A-movie."  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know what I expected from this movie. I don´t really get a good story or even a good acting, maybe because I never saw any of the movies they have in their repertoire.   The film has nothing to do with anything:      This movie doesn´t have a story, nor does it have anything that resembles a plot.  The film starts with a bunch of young people who are playing on the streets, and one of them falls and breaks his neck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a good movie, but it was a shame the director, Takashi Yamazaki, decided to do a remake of a bad old movie from the 60's called "The Last Train". I remember it well because it was on the BBC in the late 60's. I loved that old movie. I think that the old man who played "The Last" was the greatest actor of his day. I can still picture him with a beard and a black fedora. The movie was really bad, but I like the idea of the old trains that travel across the world, so I am sure that people who like bad movies will like this one.  The Last train - A great movie from 1965 I remember watching this movie as a child, and I can't help but be sad to see it being made into a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is bad. It is not a bad film. It isn't bad in the slightest. I like it! It is well acted and well acted is bad, especially with that big bad clown.   I do not like it, but I can see how people enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie once and thought "this is a very good movie. It's not a good movie but it's good. This is a great movie. " The bad: The first half is about an alcoholic, who is a cop. He has a daughter who is in a coma, and he has to take care of her. He does, but his wife (Mary Steenburgen) hates him because he gets drunk and drives around the country. He meets a young girl, and they get married. The girl is in love with him, but he doesn't return her feelings. The movie has a bad ending: It is too long and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  The script was terrible.  It was so bad I was thinking about how they could have just had a guy walk in off the street and say, "hey, can you tell me what I'm about to watch, I don't think this is a movie about a boy who is kidnapped and tortured by his evil father."   I think that this movie should have been a warning to all people, not a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "This film is about a couple who move into a new apartment. Their landlord is a jerk who is a real pain in the ass to live with. The couple decides to move out and find a new place to live.   They are so happy when they move in. Their apartment is beautiful, the decor is great, the house smells great. They are just so happy to be in a place of their own. They decide to call the landlord a "nasty old man." The landlord says they are a couple, but when the woman asks him if he is single, he says he is married. When the woman tells him she has a boyfriend, he is so angry that he breaks a window to get back at her. He also tries to hit her with his belt, but she is so strong that he just keeps trying to hit his head against the glass. The landlord calls the police and tells them what happened. When they arrive, they see the woman with her boyfriend. They arrest her. The woman is arrested for battery, but the boyfriend is arrested because he tried to hit the landlord with a belt. The police find out that the landlord is really the jerk who keeps hitting the woman. The husband then comes home and tells his wife that he had to call 911 because his landlord was really a jerk.   "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to spoil the movie by giving away any plot details.  But I will say that the ending is a disappointment, because the film did not even try to be a comedy.  I could see that this is a sequel to a Japanese horror film called " The Haunting of Frankenstein ".    There's a lot of Japanese in this movie, and a good amount of the film is actually set in Japan.   If you're looking for a horror film with some good laughs, but with some decent Japanese horror and gore, I'd recommend this movie to you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never had a problem with this movie; it is, to me, a simple story, one that will have you thinking and looking at the movie from different angles.  This movie is funny, and will have your laughing out loud. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was not a good movie.   The writing was bad.  I do not think the movie was good.  My daughter and I did not care for the movie at all.  There was no plot.  No one is important.  We only saw a part of the story.  The characters were lame.  They were the kind that you would find in a bad science fiction movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a bad film.   The story is a big pile of bullshit.  One character is an angry old man who doesn't like the fact that he is dying.  His only friend is a girl with a pet cat.  They visit the graveyard every day, and at the end of the day he says goodbye to her.  After he is dead, he says "goodbye" to the cat. The movie is about how the people in the town react to death.  The first thing the town does is make a movie.  A very good movie. The second thing they do is eat dinner.  That dinner is made up of people's brains.  People are afraid of death.   The film ends with a guy in a coffin walking out of the movie theater.  I hate that movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the mid-90's I was a teenager in high school and this was my first experience with a porno. I found it to be extremely cheesy and lame, it was the least interesting thing I had ever seen in my life.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie's a big rip-off of "Battleship Potemkin" - the only difference is that it's a little less well-made. The director, James Cameron, has done it again - this time to the point where it almost seems like a parody. It's a disaster film where the hero, Jack Sparrow (Sparrow), is the victim of an evil plot to conquer the world. Jack has to fight a whole army of evil soldiers - who are all wearing the costumes from the various pirate films of the day. It all seems rather silly and silly, except for the last act, which is very effective. It shows how powerful the emotions are when a good story is told and well told. I can't see how anyone could possibly hate this movie, it's one of the few truly great movies of the last 20 years. It may not have the technical prowess of the "Pirates of the Caribbean" movies, but it's not bad - it's just an average movie. I've always thought the best "Pirate" movies were those in which the hero had to fight some sort of monster. "The Curse of the Black Pearl" is just about as good as they come - a good, well-written story with a good ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was not a good movie, but at least it was funny and had some action!  You will like this movie if you enjoy the movies made by Roger Corman ( The Rocketeer  , The Rocking Rebels  and Rocky II ) and you enjoy that "old" Rocky style that was popular in the early 1930s.  But the movie is not that good and this is probably because the director was too old and had too much to drink when he made this movie.    1 of 1 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has no heart and no sense of adventure, and it has been made by people who are not only not qualified to make a movie about the Vietnam War, but whose personal beliefs are as questionable as the war itself.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was so sick and tired of watching the same old crap. This movie had a few things I liked, a lot of things I didn't. This is what happens when you take a bunch of actors and make them do the same thing over and over again. I thought the acting was awful. They just didn't seem to care that the characters were so different. They're so dull and unoriginal that I didn aint even care that they were acting so stupid. I was laughing out loud at all the stupid lines that these actors had to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has no plot or character development whatsoever. The movie was shot on a budget of about $10,000 and it only has about 20 minutes of footage, the rest is just a montage of people running, jumping and falling all over the place. It is not very good in terms of acting, with the worst being the little girl who plays the girl who has a crush on the man who is trying to kill her and the little boy who is in love with the girl's best friend. I could go on and on about the terrible acting, the bad editing and the bad acting, but I won't. The whole movie is just awful, so much so that it actually made me sad. I guess you get what you pay for.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You don't see this movie until it's over.  The movie is a comedy that is based on a true story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie takes a rather dull, but interesting concept and proceeds to make it very boring, and in a very stupid manner. There is a group of friends that are in a car crash and are being treated by a bunch of nurses who are trying to save their lives. One of the nurses says "We can't save all the boys and girls, we have to save some, and the most important is you, my boy." A girl asks "What does that mean?" The nurse says "When you're a boy, you go to a girl's school and learn how to do what a girl does." The girl replies "No. I'm a boy." The nurse then says "No, you're not a boy. You're a girl. Your body and your brain are made for a girl." The boy says "But my body and brain are like a boy's." The guy says "You're a freak, and we're all freaks." The nurses says to each other "Well, then, we'll have to treat you like a freak." The guys say "What?" The nurses say "Well you're so freakish, you'll never be a normal boy. And you'll be all messed up inside. We have to give you a drug to make you normal. You'll become a normal guy." The girls say "But how can we become normal?" The girls' nurse says to them "Well we can't cure a freak like you." The two guys say to the nurses "Why don't we just do what we like to do." The three of them say to each others "We're gonna go out and do what men do." There is then a montage of them doing things that only men would do. There are a couple of shots of guys doing things like riding motorcycles, riding horses, and doing things men like. And then there is a shot of the girl's nurse in the hospital who is trying to find something that will cure the boy. The nurse tries on a lot of things, and she finds nothing. She then says to the boy's nurse "If you can't find anything, we should just keep you in here until you die." And then the boy says to his nurse "That's not fair. I've done nothing." The mom says "If he hasn't done anything, then why do you have to come in and ask us to take care of him?" The boy's mom says to her "You see, he
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    - A lot of people who have seen this movie have said it's a bad film.   It's not bad at all, it's just a bad story.  The characters are all bland and dull, the dialogue is terrible, and the whole movie is shot through with a fake "look at me" attitude.  If you want to see a film that tells a good story, go to the next movie in the series, the sequel is a bad one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this movie many times, and I do not think it is good. It does not even have the elements of a good movie. The actors are not good. The director is bad. The characters are stupid. The plot is stupid. It is not a bad film. It could be a good one, but not a good bad film, which I think is a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really thought that this was a good movie. I thought it would be a bit of a laugh and a bit too much like a cheap action movie. The way the action scenes were shot made me feel like I was watching a cheap flick with some great action and a few great special effects. I am sure I will go to the movies again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is simple, it is a man who is walking around the city and then finds out that his wife has died. He tries to figure out what happened and what happened to his wife and then he finds out what has happened to him. It is all about him trying to find out who he is and why his wife left him. I was not surprised that this film had a lot of bad reviews, because it is very bad.   There is nothing in the film that is original and the story is a generic plot. The characters are bland and not likeable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is just plain bad. The plot is absolutely pathetic.   The movie starts out with a little girl, who is a victim of abuse by her step-father, a man who wants to marry his mother.  After that, he starts to stalk his daughter, and her father's girlfriend, who was at the time a young lady with a nice body.  The story then is a flashback to a time when the girl was very small.  I have seen a few bad movies, but I have never seen one like this one.  This film is so bad, that I feel like I need a cold shower to clean my eyes from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved the trailer for this movie, and I loved the film. The film was so bad that I didn't even care how bad it was.  It was boring.    The script was written by the people who wrote the stupid remake of 'Pumpkinhead' - and this is the worst remake of that film.  It's like they took the original script and then changed the characters and added some new characters to make it more entertaining.    I had forgotten how bad a remake of a stupid movie can be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand why they put a kid in a movie where a guy with no arms is walking around the town. The film is all set-up for a battle between good and evil. There is no real villain, just a bad guy who wants to get rid of a good guy, and he doesn't care about the consequences. The bad guy, as you might guess, is a psycho with a sword. The evil guy is wearing a mask and a white cloak and is all hunched over like he's about to take a nap. He says a bunch of lines like "The good guys don't need to use guns, and they don't use guns" and the audience thinks he's a tough guy with a gun who's going to be a hero. He's really not. I guess he's just trying to get into the good guy's head, and if that doesn't work, he'll just blow up the place. There's some cool stuff going on in this movie, and it's good to see the "heroes" getting into trouble. If this movie was the work of a real writer it might have been worth watching. But it's not, so don't bother. I've already seen this movie about three times.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched the first five minutes of this movie, then I went back to the beginning, and then I just kept watching it, thinking I might as well see it again.   The first five minute prologue is a bit of a clunker. I have a feeling it was written by someone who had never been in a film theater, and therefore did not realize how bad it is. A scene set in a nightclub? In a nightclub where the music is loud and obnoxious? No. I don't even know how to say it: it's bad.   of the worst I've ever seen. It's not that I'm a terrible movie critic: I just think that a good story should be worth watching, and I don,t think this movie deserves to be called "good". I'm not sure what is supposed to happen here. It is supposed that the woman's husband is about to propose to her, but the husband is dead, and the woman doesn't want to get married to the dead husband. Well, that's all she's got to do, because she's a woman of God, and God told her to marry the dead man. Well that's not good, is it?   Well, I don' t think this is a bad film, it's just bad, bad, BAD. I mean, it is really bad, and it's not because the director and actors can't do better than this. It just has no life or passion. I guess I should say that it's good for what it is, and is not a bad thing to watch, but that is not why I watched it.   a movie I won't see again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am a big fan of The Exorcist, a good movie, but with a bad ending. It's not a good ending because it has the worst ending in horror movies, ever.   The last three minutes is very creepy.  I really liked the ending, but it was so bad I didn't like the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only reason I will watch it again is because I wanted to see a female actor play the female lead role. It is a good movie, but not very good at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think it's a terrible movie. I mean, the dialogue is all bad, and the acting is all awful. It's just bad acting. I don't think there's a single good line in it. It is basically an old fashioned monster movie. The monster is very old fashioned and very crude. I'm sure you can't think of a better thing to do with a group of young people.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There's a lot to dislike about this movie. It is very formulaic and predictable, and that formulaic quality can be extremely tiresome and even boring. It's almost as though this movie was made to be seen by people who didn't know much about the original film. If this is the only film made by director and producer Bob Clark, then he hasn't done anything to improve the movie. If I'm being honest, I can't really remember much about this film. I think that this film is about the worst kind of film: an uninspired, badly written and poorly produced mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is not worth the time of day. I didn't enjoy the movie at all. The plot was bad, the acting was bad. I couldn't tell what the movie was about, it was really a bad, bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this movie on a plane in a small theater.   The plot was not all that interesting and the acting was awful.  The best scene in the movie is when a woman is being raped and the audience is supposed to cheer.  I am sure that the rapist is laughing in his hotel room. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a story about a group of teens that are about to move into a house together. They get a few problems along the way. The only thing that keeps this from being bad is the movie's ending.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was boring, slow and boring. It reminded me a lot of the "Ghost in the Shell" movie and it wasn't good. The movie had all of the tropes of the past "Matrix" movies: a boring story, a stupid villain and a dull ending.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I loved this movie.   The cast was good.  This movie was well made.  The characters were funny.  I think the movie was better than the books. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't care what the director says.  This is a terrible movie and a pathetic excuse for a horror movie.     Rated 5 out of 5 by BABYFACE from CURSEFUL SCARES I HATE THIS MOVIE!!!   I've seen this movie three times, but the first time I didn't like it.  It had no impact on me and I found myself thinking, "How the hell am I supposed to get through this movie?"  The second time I saw it, I found it even more horrible!  I know, it was three times and I'm no idiot.  I thought the movie was awful.  The only reason it got a 3 is because of the ending, which is absolutely horrifying.  So now I'm going to have to watch it twice.  Curseful Scares: I was completely shocked at the ending.  But I guess you can never have too many Scares in a movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've always loved the movies from this director. His movies are always a lot of fun.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In short: the film has a good sense of humour, it is a very well directed movie and it is also an excellent science fiction movie with lots of action.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What's wrong with this movie? I mean, it's supposed to be funny, right? I thought it would be funny. The first time I saw this movie, I thought, "this is a good one, I like this movie. The humor is good and it's got a nice twist at the end." Then, I saw the trailer and thought, well, this movie is not funny at all. The jokes are not funny.   The jokes in this movie are awful.  The dialogue is awful. The comedy is not good.  And if this movie was a good movie, then why did it make me laugh so much?   I hope this movie does not do well in the box office. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I wanted to make a joke out of it. The characters are all stereotypical white trash, except for the black male lead, who is a decent guy.   The story is lame, the plot is dumb, the acting is bad, the story is bad (I was expecting some sort of plot twist at the end of the movie, but I got none), and the cinematography is so poor I wanted the movie to end right there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I have ever seen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is very bad. It is like the director and co-writer had a bad day. It all starts with a guy who has a wife who wants to kill him. So he goes to a psychiatrist and he talks about his wife. It gets so bad that it is almost like he is trying to make a point about how people don't really like to deal with problems. And then he goes on to talk about how he is really a good guy and that he is so sick of his wife's insanity that he has no choice but to shoot her in the head. He shoots her once and then goes on with the next scene.   It is very confusing and hard to understand. I really don't know how this guy is going to get out of this situation and if he will ever get out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, the story is great, the acting is fine, but the plot is a train wreck. It is all too obvious why the director wanted to film this film. It's a remake of a 1950 film called  The House of Blue Leaves, in which the young girl has an encounter with a monster (a girl, really) and the young man and young girl have a fight, then she goes back to her home to live happily ever after.   What makes this film so bad is the acting. There is no character development. No character development, really. It all seems like a waste of time, and the monster is a bit of a joke.  It's all about the ending. The movie ends in a happy ending, which is quite disappointing, since the movie had great potential. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this movie for over a decade. It is an old movie. But that doesn't stop it from being terrible. I think it is the worst movie I have ever seen. It has poor acting, poor acting and acting that has no idea of what it is trying to do. It just tries to make a funny movie, and fails at every turn. There is nothing funny about this movie. There are many things that are just bad. The acting is horrible. The plot is horrible, the plot is terrible. The only redeeming thing about this terrible movie is the soundtrack.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I would say that this movie is one of the worst I have ever seen. I don't know why it's been put in a section of this website as it's a real shame. The plot is so bad, the acting is so poor, the cinematography is so awful, the plot is just plain bad. It is so badly filmed that it has to be one of those bad movies you see on TV and think "This is what a movie should be like". This is a story about a poor, drunk man who has a baby with his sister. The story is about him becoming addicted to crack cocaine and using it in order to fund his habit. As the film goes on we see his wife get divorced, his children move out and he is left with a baby on his own. I think the reason that this film has been put into a section like this is because it is a true story. The film is not so much a film about a drug addict but about a man who was born to the wrong family and went to the right one. He's a very tragic character. I was so disappointed in this film that I had to go and watch something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  We have a good thing going here: A good story, a good movie, and a good director. It's not exactly a masterpiece, but it's a pretty good one.  I have to say that I was not overly impressed with this film.  It's a simple story, and yet it manages to be quite entertaining. I suppose it has a lot in common with The Shawshank Redemption, and I suppose that I'm just not a fan of either film. I guess I was hoping that the characters in this film would be more interesting than those in the film itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I've ever seen in my life. The characters are dull and annoying, the plot is pointless, the sound is terrible, the effects are weak and the editing is just plain awful.   I am very disappointed that the film was released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. It was written by a guy who has never written a movie before. This movie is nothing but a train wreck, but this movie has a pretty good budget for a movie. And the actors all suck. And this movie is not funny. The movie was terrible, I wish I had never seen it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies where you get sucked in and it's very hard to stop watching.  I don't think I'm alone in this; this is a movie you don't want to miss.  The only way I could describe this movie is that it's a combination of The Rock and Jumanji.   If you liked The Rock, you'll probably like Jumanjig. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a movie I have seen a few times and never liked it.   This movie is a classic example of what the movie business does when you try to be original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So we're left with the movie and nothing else. It is a good looking movie but it is also kind of bad. It seems to be a sequel to a movie I have seen years ago called "Curse of the Blue Sky" and while I liked that one I didn't really care for the sequels.   I found myself wondering what the hell the "Wendy" character was doing in this movie. I mean I don't even remember the name of the character that was supposed to be "Wendi" and she was in it for a short time. I also found it a little strange how the "blue sky" turned out to be some sort of hellish dimension.   of course there is some sex, a bit of nudity and a few very funny lines here and there.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The ending of the movie is a great example of a great idea turned into a bad one. I love the way the movie starts and how it ends, but the movie didn't feel like a good one, especially after the terrible beginning.   But, there are so many great moments throughout the movie that make it worth watching. For example, the characters are interesting. Some of them have a dark past, some have no idea how to cope with the situation they are in. Some are very stupid. Some seem like they will never change, but they do change.   of course, the most interesting character is of course the main character, the boy. He seems like a nice guy who doesn't understand how the world works, but who doesn´t give up. He doesn´ve got a bit of a personality disorder, but it´s interesting to watch him change. The whole movie is about him changing. I think that the movie would be a lot better if the characters were a bit more interesting. I don´t know why the story of this movie is only 6 episodes long. I hope the writers will make more episodes.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film follows two young men: Tom, a poor black kid, and his friend, John. They are riding in the back of a truck from a train station to the ghetto, when a man in a car stops them. He introduces himself as Johnny and offers them a ride. They take the ride to the train station. Tom asks the driver to stop, but Johnny insists that they have to continue. The driver asks Johnny to sit in the seat of the truck, but the young man refuses, so Johnny tells him to get out of the car. The truck pulls into the train yard. Johnny and Tom are sitting in the train car. Suddenly a train engine blows a whistle. Johnny yells and runs up to the front of the train. Tom rushes up to Johnny and tells him that he can't see him and the train is coming to the yard. As the train arrives at the yard, Tom is running up to John, trying to get him to come out and see what is happening. John sees Johnny, runs up, and sees what is going on. He looks out of his window to see the train and runs away. Tom and John run out of train yard and into the streets of the ghetto. Tom runs up the street, John behind him, as the train begins to arrive. They see that the train has crashed into a freight train. The train car has split open and most of the passengers are dead. Tom, John and a few others run into a house and get out a couple of old chairs and chairs from a closet. They sit in one of the chairs and wait for the rest of the people to get away from the train wreckage. After a while they hear a voice shouting from inside the house. They look out and a couple in a house is trying to open the door. The other man in the house says, "Let's get out and hide in the basement." Tom and the other man go to the basement and hide. As they are hiding in the cellar they hear another voice screaming in the street. They hide in a closet and listen. They hear more voices and they look out of their closet to see a group of people running around the house screaming, "Help! Help! Help!" The two men hide in another closet, hide from the other men, and listen again. They listen again and find that it is a gang of five men who are robbing a store. They break into the store and steal a lot of stuff. They
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a disappointment. The movie was supposed to be a comedy but there were no laughs. The story was pretty bad, but the characters were awful. I didn't get what was going on in this movie, and it was boring to watch. I wish I could give it a 0 or 0.5 rating but the movie could not even qualify for a 1. I think it's a bad idea to put a man in a body suit with an axe, and a lot of it just falls flat. I can't believe the poor production values. I just want to throw the DVD at the screen so I can watch the movie again, but I'm not going to because I didn' get any laughs out of it.   I give this movie a 0 out of 10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved this movie, but the writing was awful.  The movie is supposed to be a horror film and the acting was good but this movie is not scary.    It's just a movie that uses the tropes of the horror genre and is not very scary.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful! I hate how they wasted an opportunity to make a decent movie by casting Kevin Sorbo as a "super villain" in this.  There is no way this could have been a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie does not have much going for it. There is very little to be said about this movie that is not already known. It is the story of a man who wants to make a fortune and make everyone else miserable, so he hires a prostitute and lets her steal his money. She does this so he will think she is a good girl. They go to the theater, where she is being robbed, so they all try to help. He has a little gun that he keeps on him to shoot the bad guys who rob him. But all the bad guy's do is hit him, so one bad guy shoots her and kills her. The bad guys then steal his cash and run. He is angry because he got the money, and then the movie goes on as usual.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was hoping this was a really good movie. The story starts off well, and we are introduced to the main character, who is a detective and is going through a very tough time. She is dealing with the loss of her brother and her father, who has been dead for two years. This is where the movie really starts to suck. The first hour or so is just boring, and the rest of the movie is pretty much the same as the first hour. The movie is about an investigation into a series of murders and the main detective's sister who was involved in the first murder. The detective's brother was the one who was killed. I really felt that the movie should have just stayed in the detective's room and then taken a break. But what I found to be even more annoying was when the detective was on the phone with a friend, the friend's voice comes in and says "You've got to stop that. It is so stupid."  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping to like this movie.  Unfortunately I couldn't.   It is a very poorly written, poorly acted, poorly directed and poorly acted movie that just plain sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have not seen a bad film in quite some time and this is one. The first half of the movie is a bit slow, it is quite boring. But I was not expecting much from a film based on a comic book. But the movie does not end like you might think.    A young boy who is on a long journey, must overcome his inner demons and come out alive.  The movie has some good fight scenes and has a few interesting characters.  I would recommend this movie for anyone that is a fan of comic books or anyone that wants to be entertained by a film about a young boy with his problems. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad one. The writing is atrocious, the acting is awful, and the story is an absolute mess. I am no professional movie reviewer, but I would like to give a negative rating.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film begins with the title of a bad horror movie, but it doesn't take long before the actors start acting like a bunch of idiots, the story isn't that great and it only gets worse from there, especially in the second half. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So this is a movie that tries to be funny by showing a bunch of teenagers trying to get a girl to come to the movies. The movie doesn't really go anywhere good or bad. It's really just a bunch o' misfit teens. The only funny thing is that some of the girls (the good ones at least) are all wearing red underwear. This is the first movie that I've ever seen that didn't have a lot of people who are wearing red panties. I think that this movie is a bit old so it's probably too much of a bad idea to see this movie at a high school. I don't know how old it is so I'm going to guess it's around 1990. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a horrible story that is nothing more than a bad joke about an elderly woman who is trying to get her son to take the test for the priesthood.  The plot is not very good.    The movie has the same kind of dialogue and bad acting as the bad jokes of the old lady.  There are some really bad jokes that are really not funny.  The acting is not that good. The whole movie has to be seen in black and white. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well this is a movie that doesn't deserve a bad rating. It's a terrible movie. It is so terrible that the only thing that can save it is a truly terrible joke.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I hate how much they've changed the characters in this movie from the first to the last movie. They have the same names, the same hairstyles, the actors are all basically the same.   The movie isn't bad, but it's not that great either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What's this movie about?   A young boy, Michael, has been abandoned at the orphanage in the desert and is in a very poor state. He has not learned to read or write, and he is not allowed out to play because his foster mother, a very nasty woman, doesn't like him playing with other children and hates children.   Michael is very sad. He hates his foster father, he hates his adoptive mother, and most of all, he wants to be killed.  He wants to die! And when he hears the sounds of the train that will take him to live in the city, he begins to wish for it.  This movie is really ugly.  It is very difficult to watch, it is not good.  The film is slow, it has lots of scenes of the little boy with his foster parents and the woman who loves him, and lots of horrible scenes.  Michael wants to play, but his foster mom is very cruel to him and he does not like playing with the other children. He is too small to play with them, and if he does play with a child who is a few inches taller than him, he gets hurt.  There are many scenes of Michael being tortured and being in pain, and at the end, he is allowed to go to the city to live with the man who adopted him.  I hate to admit this, but I don't like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The last 20 minutes of this movie were great.  They had the whole band on stage in a huge stadium and the band plays all their hits, and then some, and this is what happens:  2:00 AM - 3:00 PM   The band members are all so tired they barely get out of bed.    It's a pretty sad movie with a lot of great songs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be the most "out there" film of the year and it was really out there. This is a movie that should be seen by no one except maybe by people that are sick of the same old shit, and it is that same old stuff. The plot is as follows: a woman goes on a trip to New York with her husband and her son. The family gets separated when the son gets lost and his mother gets stuck in an airport. She tries to get to the front of the line and a man comes up to her. He asks her what her name is and she tells him that it's not important. He says that the name is important. She asks him if he's her brother and he says yes. She then asks him who he is and he tells her that he's the son of a man who's name she doesn't know. She tells him to take his son to her husband, and the man agrees. They get to his mother's house and the mother is waiting for her husband when the man comes and asks her to come back with him. They walk into the kitchen and he asks her if she wants a beer. She says no, she's pregnant. The man says that it was an accident. He takes her to a room in the back of the house and she's shocked when she sees what she's about to see. It's a big baby! She is so surprised that she falls down the stairs, but she gets back up and her husband is standing there with the baby. He is crying and says that he is so sorry that he made her pregnant. She looks at the baby and she says it's a girl. The husband is so upset that he doesn't even want to get married. He leaves her there and they go back to the hotel. The woman is still in shock and she calls the police. They take her to the hospital. The baby's father tells the police that she was on a date with him and that he left the baby in the hotel bathroom. He also says that she wasn't pregnant at all. He goes on to say that it wasn't an accident because she was standing next to a man that she doesn' t even know. The police find out that the woman was having an affair with another man. She is arrested and a warrant is issued for the baby's dad. The movie ends with the mother telling the police to give her back the baby or she will have the father arrested as
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only bad movie in the whole collection is the only one in the collection.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So this movie is so bad it's a real "bad movie" not a "bad flick".   There is a great opening sequence with the actors doing a lot of weird and wacky things and it is great.   The movie starts with a girl named Alice who has been brought to a mental hospital for some strange reason.  She is being treated for schizophrenia and the nurse has a great idea to put Alice in an MRI machine and show her images from the past.  Alice experiences an intense memory and starts to go mad.  The plot is bad, but it's really bad.  I have never seen a movie that started with a shot of Alice's face and ended with a weirdly distorted picture of her.  It's like someone put a photo of a cat into a woman's face.  This movie is bad. I think it's only decent in the sense that there is a scene where Alice's doctor says he's "sorry" and Alice responds with "What is this? Sorry? This is terrible! How could you do this to me?"   It gets worse. Alice is brought back to the hospital and starts hallucinating again.  There's a weird black cat with a hole for a head who is trying to kill Alice.  But Alice's friend Dr. Jekyll is the only one who can help Alice. Dr.Jekyll tells Alice to get in a bathtub and hold her breath until she starts to hallucinate.  So Alice does this and then the next thing she knows she is in a mental institution.  Is it any wonder the movie is a "Bad Movie"?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot is terrible, the characters are stupid and unlikable, the acting is bad, and the special effects are bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a terrible film. The actors are terrible, the plot is horrible, the story is terrible, and the direction is awful. I was not looking forward to watching this movie. I have seen a few of the other Star Trek movies that are not so bad and this is just as bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What can I say about this movie.   A story that is almost completely incomprehensible.  And I have not seen the movie so far.  The movie starts with a little boy called Ben. He is in the middle of his first trip to see a friend. Ben's friend is a very little girl named Eliza who seems to have a problem with her head. Ben and Eliza are both small, weak, and silly. The movie then jumps ahead in time a bit to the middle ages, where a young boy named Ben has his second visit to see Eliza. This time, the problem is not so much with Eliza's head, but with her nose. The boy and Elisa run into some strange people and a magic book.  This movie is so bizarre, so out of place in this time period, that it is impossible to enjoy it.  I don't know what this movie is trying to do, but it is so boring, so stupid, so bad that it makes me wonder what they are thinking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a long movie, and it takes a while to get going. I never really liked the title, and this film is no different.  A bunch of old school bad guys are sent on a wild goose chase to a mysterious castle where the bad guys have an opportunity to kill the bad guy who started it all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie ever made.   It was not good and not funny.  It had the feel of a poorly made TV movie or a cheapo movie from the 70s. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst horror movies ever made. It's like a bad video game.   "We will have a good time here!"   It is supposed to be a parody of horror movies, with a little bit of violence and sexual themes. But it's terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie.  The acting is terrible, the special effects are not great, the music is not great either, and the movie is bad.  I think it's really hard to come up with anything positive about this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poor, badly made movie, which has absolutely nothing to do with the original.  It is a remake of a movie which was never made.    What it does have is a few jokes in it.      I could see this being made into a cheapie horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is no way that a movie that is so bad that its "only good" is as bad as it is. There is a long section where there are multiple scenes of violence, some of which are really bad. In addition to the scenes of gore, there are scenes of rape, sexual harassment, and more. It's almost impossible to make a coherent comment on the movie, but I'm going to make it anyway: It's not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    - It was very funny, but at the same time it was not funny. The writing was pretty bad, it was kind of like the writers were going through a hard time, they had to work at it and try to get the story right, but when they finally got it right, it seemed to be way too long and had a lot of bad writing. The acting was pretty good, but there was a lot more to it then just being funny.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you like a good thriller and you like good actors (all three are good)   it is a good movie.   It is a thriller about a good guy who was in a bad situation.      A little bit over dramatic, but I could not get out of the theater fast enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A lot of people have told me that it's a great movie. I think it's just a little too long and unwatchable. The main characters are the worst people in the world. Their actions are ridiculous. There's a lot of talking, and the dialogue is so choppy that I can't understand what's being said, or even remember what the people are saying.   The acting is terrible. I can understand how you'd have actors in these situations, but the bad acting really takes it over the top. I have no idea what's going on in any of the scenes.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know if this movie is the worst movie ever made, or if it's the first, but I don`t think it`s worth watching. The plot is stupid and pointless, the acting is awful and it`ll make your heart ache, and the story is so silly it doesn`t make any sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have to admit that the film was bad, but that's all I can say about it, because I didn't find anything to dislike about it.  It's a horror movie about a man who falls into a river and drowns.  I liked it a lot, but I was disappointed that there weren't any scenes with any of the other characters, as they are all very important to the plot.  The best thing about the movie is that it doesn't try to be clever about anything, which is a good thing, because it's not that clever.  This movie doesn't really make a whole lot of sense, and I'm not sure I can give it an A.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like bad movies, this one will satisfy you.  The story is fairly basic:   Two strangers, a middle-aged man and a young girl, meet on the way to a picnic in the mountains, but get separated when she accidentally drops a bag of money on the floor of the train station.    The guy gets off at the next stop and they make a deal to meet up later at a restaurant where he buys her a hamburger.  In the car, she gets a little excited when he starts talking about how he loves the color blue.  But when they finally meet, they have a conversation in which she says that she doesn't think he likes her, and he tells her he doesn't care.  The movie is a little cheesy, but there's a certain charm in the way they communicate.  They're both pretty dull and uninteresting, and the movie has a little of everything, including a scene in which the guy tells her she has to "suck a dick to get a sandwich" and then he pulls out his penis, saying "You have to suck a dick for a hamburg to get me a hambburg."   It was a little boring, but at least it didn't contain the kind of sex I always think of when I hear the word "Blue."  The girl seems a little out of it, but it's probably because she's so drunk.  I don't think it's the best movie I've seen, but the characters are a little annoying and the dialogue is a bit repetitive, but that doesn't stop it from being kind of funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a film that I am so glad I watched. I thought the story was fantastic, I was totally hooked!   It was a good way to spend an evening! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a piece of trash.   If you like bad movies and bad acting, then this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I just wish it had been a good movie.   A film that was released in 1997, it is a comedy about two people who are separated by an accident and who eventually end up in the same room together.  They are the same person but they don't know that yet and they end up becoming friends.  It was written and directed by the same guy, Jim Jarmusch.  I liked it but I can't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing but a bunch of people running and yelling in a movie theatre. It is a movie that makes me laugh at times, but it is a total waste of time and I have no desire to see this movie ever again. I think this is the worst movie I have ever seen, and I don't even like comedy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot is about a man and a woman who travel across America together to visit her mother. The first half is about the man's mother, who is a beautiful woman, but has very little time for her son. Her friends tell her that her son is a dork, a loser, and that she'll be sorry when she sees him again. However, the woman's friends are all so jealous that they don't even like the man and his mother, but they still make an effort to see them, which is the only thing the man will do for them. In the second half, the man meets his mother's friends and their son again, who has been raised by a single mother.   When we first see the mother and son, the son is standing in a line with all of the other children in a school. He has a very big head and a really long nose. The mother seems to be very happy to see him, but when she says, "You're very good at drawing", he looks at her in a very disapproving manner. Then the father comes up to him, who looks just as bad, and the son has a terrible time trying to get a smile on his face. Then we see the son's mother talking to the children in the class and the mother asks, "How long have you been here? Have you been in school all your life? It's not fair! I know your mother's a beautiful lady, but you're such a dumb dork! What's the matter with you? Why can't you draw?"   And the son, after having been in the school all his life, finally draws his first drawing.  The rest of the film is mostly shot in the back seat of a car, where the mother is driving and the man is sitting in the passenger's seat.  The two of them talk about their mother's friend who is married and has a daughter. Then they go to the house where they are going to see the daughter, but there is no daughter there. Then, when they are driving to the place where they see the child, they see a beautiful girl who looks exactly like their mother. However her mother is dressed in a dress and veil. When they arrive at the house, the father says, as they are walking into the house: "Well, it's a pretty house, isn't it? It looks like we could stay here for a long time."   We
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie itself is quite bad, but at least it has some humor. I can't stand the way they talk, it's so stupid. They always mention how a famous man is the best in the world. That's a joke, right? They have the funniest "heroes" in this movie, and it's just plain boring. I don't even know why I watched it, but I had to watch it. It was only a short movie and I didn't even like it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason this is not an 8 is because the film's ending is a complete disaster.  When the film begins, a girl and a boy are walking down the street, having just watched a horror movie.   The boy is scared, and when he looks up at the girl she is in the same pose, in the exact same clothes, and in the very same spot.  This makes it more frightening.  Then the boy gets his hand stuck in a grate.  The girl gets in the way, and pushes the boy away.  But the girl's hand gets stuck in the grate.      And there she remains, for the rest of the film.  She is only seen as a black shadow in the background, and even when her hand is removed from the grate, she remains the same.  It is an ending that is completely incomprehensible.  When I first saw it, I had no idea what the hell was going on.  I am a horror film fan, so I know how to scare people, but this was a really bad film. I think I would have been better off just watching a scary movie like Friday the 13th, which is much scarier. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm sorry to say that I have been very disappointed with this movie, I didn't think it was even that good, it's almost like watching a bad version of the classic movie "It's a Wonderful Life" I can't believe the studio decided to make this movie and I really hope they make another version of it, I would've loved to have seen the original version of this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this movie is a classic case of the devil's advocate.  It begins with a woman whose husband has left her and a young boy.  Her daughter and son-in-law are living in the house now.    The daughter is very bright, a very good student.  But her mother is very dull.  She is a very old woman.  And her son- in-law is very stupid.  The husband leaves her for the second time, leaving his wife and son.  I have always thought that the movie begins with the wife and her daughter and her son in the garden, because the father is walking away and she is going to follow him.  So, I assume that she would have to walk through the garden with the two kids.  It's an excellent scene.  In the next scene, we see the mother and daughter.  We get a glimpse of the two old women walking along the path with their daughter.     It is very interesting to watch the scene from two different perspectives.  First, we are looking down at them from the top of the garden.  Second, we can see the family in the background from the ground.  Finally, we get to see the father and the mother walking through the house.  This is a typical example of a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of those "movies" where you can't help but laugh at the stupidity of the people who make it.   The dialogue is not bad, but it's also not funny.  It is also filled with cliches.  You'd think that they would be able to get more laughs out of their cast and crew.  The worst part is that the actors are terrible.  Their accents don't make sense, they just sound like people who are supposed to be in a movie, like they are trying too hard. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is based on a real life story. It shows the life of one family in New York City, the Duchossois. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie that has a decent plot and good actors. It is a very long film and it takes a long time to get through all the parts. I think the story is rather interesting and the movie is well made and well acted.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not sure if I'm going to bother reviewing this movie because it's so bad, but I'm not even sure what to write about it.   I mean, it's a bad film.  This is a bad, bad movie, it looks like a bad video game and the characters look like they were designed by a high school art teacher.  It's just plain bad.  I hate how the characters are treated and how there's a "sad" music score that plays over and over and I'm thinking maybe they are in a dark room and they just can't get their minds off of the bad things happening in the movie.  I hate how everyone's just looking at each other's backs in this movie, which is even worse when they are talking about a movie. But I'm sure I'm just being a bitch about this movie and not giving it a chance, so let's just move on.  This is the first movie of this year that I'm even slightly interested in, but the fact that this is such a bad bad movie that's so boring that I don't know why I even bothered to watch it is the reason I'm giving it one star. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie is not only very poorly thought out but it's poorly acted as well.  It's so bad that if you can't find a good movie to watch tonight you're really in the wrong movie world.  3 out of 4  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just plain, dumb and unoriginal.  The story takes place in a small town where all the kids have their own special skills, but the main character is just an idiot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a lot of bad movies out there, but this one was particularly awful.  It was made in the 80s for a cheap $300 budget, and there were a lot more than a few laughable lines and dialogue choices.  And then there's that terrible soundtrack.    I'm sure there are a few who would love to listen to this movie at least once a year for the rest of their lives. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not much of a film.  I really liked the original one, and this one doesn't even really have the original at all.  I don't know why the producers of this one didn't just call the movie "The Final Voyage of the Starship Enterprise" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, I had to give this a zero because it was so bad I had no desire to watch it. The movie is about a young man named Jim, who is a victim of his own ambition. The first half of the movie is pretty much a collection of short vignettes, including Jim walking through the woods, watching the water from a waterfall, walking down a road, etc. Jim ends up at a party at a man's house where he meets a woman named Bonnie and falls in love with her. Jim becomes infatuated with Bonnie and wants to get her pregnant, and he gets help from her father to get a vasectomy. After getting a vasectomie, Bonnie starts to show her attraction to Jim and begins to act a bit like a lesbian. Jim is a bit disturbed by Bonnie's behavior and he goes to the police to report her to the authorities. Unfortunately, he doesn't realize that he has been tricked. The authorities think that Bonnie is a lesbian and so they take her to a mental hospital to get treatment. But Bonnie's father doesn't want her to go there because he has some kind of sexual interest in Bonnie. When Bonnie's mother sees Bonnie there, she becomes jealous and goes to get the police. This is where the story really takes a turn. The cops try to get Bonnie to tell them who the father is and the story takes a very dark turn. Eventually, Bonnie is able to confess and the police figure out that her father is a man named Harry. He is in prison for murder and Bonnie's grandmother has no idea that Harry is the father of Bonnie. The police also figure out who the other two people at the party were: a young woman named Sara who is in love and a guy named Bill who is also in love. This makes Bonnie very upset because she doesn't know who the real father is. The only clue she has is the name "Harry" and the fact that the father's name is on the sperm bank. However, when the sperm is analyzed it shows that the sperm came from another man. Now we are back at the beginning of the story where we discover that Jim is the son of Harry. Jim has no clue that he is the illegitimate son of his real father. He tries to get Harry to come back to the family and Harry is reluctant because he doesnít want to see his son again. Eventually Jim is able convince Harry to give him his fatherís name and the two of them
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The worst movie I have ever seen!   It has the worst script in the movie!  It is so poorly written.   This movie has all the wrong things!    This movie is just bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a good movie, if a little boring. The main story, which begins at the beginning of the film, is a retelling of the tale of the Trojan Horse, and ends with the battle between the Greeks and the Persians. It's a little too similar to The Twelve Chairs (which is a bad book by the way), and even more similar to the book of the same name. The movie is also rather predictable, in that it plays off the Persian king's desire to have an army, and it's also predictable that the Greeks will try to get to a new land, and will succeed, but only at great cost to the Persian forces. This movie has a very good cast, but it's a shame that they're not better at playing off each other. The music is also pretty good, with the main theme by Philip Glass. It also has a rather strong ending, which is a little more satisfying than the rest of the movie. The only thing I didn't like about the movie was that the Perses are really, really, bad. I mean, I like the Persae, but they're bad, really bad. This was an enjoyable film for the most part, but nothing really worth watching.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In short, the only thing good about this film is the dialogue.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was just awful, with a story that could have been written by the guy who wrote "The Thing" (a film about a giant monster that lives in the sea, that has been attacking the island, that was supposedly destroyed by a nuclear bomb that was dropped on it by the US, that the US government was hiding from the public for a long time). The creature was pretty much the same as in the movie "The Black Cauldron", but with more monsters, and the fact that the story takes place on the night of a full moon, made the movie even worse. I think I'm going to get this movie off my DVD shelf. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a good movie with some pretty good actors, but nothing that will be remembered long after the credits roll. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a bad film and I can not recommend it to anyone who likes to laugh at bad movies.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I would like to say that I really enjoyed the movie. There was some good action scenes in this movie, however, the acting in this was very bad. It was just boring, all of the characters were a bunch of idiots. It also had a plot which was very, very weak. I think this is a very weak movie and you can see that in the actors that were in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is not an interesting movie, but it's not bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is so terrible, it is so bad, that it is hard to even describe it, let alone find it enjoyable. I was really looking forward to seeing a new horror movie from John Carpenter, and I was going to be very excited, until I found out that he is not only an extremely poor director, but a bad writer too. The movie starts out with the protagonist, a man who has been kidnapped and left for dead in the woods. The story starts out interesting enough, as we see the man wandering around, and talking to himself. But as he keeps wandering around and talking, we find out that his captors are evil and want to use him as a sacrifice to the devil. It is only after the man is almost killed that we find that he has some sort of power that he uses to scare the people around him. The man is then left to fend for himself in the wilderness.   As the man goes on his way, he comes across a woman who is obviously insane, but still manages to talk to the man. This makes her more human, and more relatable. We see the two of them talking, as the man starts to become concerned about her. At the same time, she starts to have some sort spiritual awakening, and she begins to tell him her life story. It's here that the movie starts to unravel. The first half of the movie takes place in a strange dream-like world that doesn't really make any sense, and even the plot of the story doesn't make sense. It was like watching a child's dream, or a movie where the characters are so far out of sync with what they are doing that it's almost laughable. The whole movie is full of strange coincidences and things that just don't make any kind of sense. I think it is probably because of the bad writing that I found it so difficult to watch. I can't even count how many times I found myself laughing at something the woman said, or at how the man was able to talk a woman out of killing herself. I just could not find any humor in the movie. I felt like it was more a commentary on the absurdity of our lives, than a movie that was enjoyable to watch at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that I think would be better if it had been written in English. I didn't like it at all and I'm not a fan of the style of the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character was a complete mess.  His girlfriend was a bad actress.    Her scenes consisted of her pretending to cry and trying to get some of her own back.  The only other thing she did was show her breasts to other men.  I have to admit, I found this movie to be kind of silly.  But if you are looking for a funny movie, then this is one for the books.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very mediocre movie with a few funny bits that only made me laugh at the end.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at a party, which is a good way to end a bad time.  The party was really boring and there was not one good thing about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was really looking forward to this movie. I was excited to see it because I had heard about it from some other people and it was supposed to be good. I wasn't disappointed. This movie is bad and I was so disappointed. There is a really stupid villain in this movie who I really wanted to like more than he did. I really thought the guy had a cool villain theme and all but in this film it's just silly. There are so many bad jokes in this picture and I can't remember the last time a movie got that bad. The guy has a few lines in the movie and that's it. This is a movie that is really just for people who like to see bad guys do stupid things and make stupid faces. The movie ends with this guy trying to find some good guys to kill. He ends up finding one and then ends up killing him. It really was really bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a little put off by this film as I'd seen the director's previous movies and this one seemed to be even worse than the rest. I would have rather seen a different film, as this one was a complete letdown and a real disappointment.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is so stupid. It is like a little child who has been told to do a stupid thing and he does it.   The first half of the movie is just stupid.  This kid wants to be a doctor.  He goes into the hospital and he tells the nurse that he is a doctor and that he needs to see a certain woman.  It is just like a scene from an 80's movie.  I hate how this movie was made.  The director wanted to make a big movie. He knew he couldn't do it with the amount of people he had to hire.  Then he added a bunch of characters.  How stupid was this movie?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm sorry to report that it's not as bad as I thought it would be. The characters are all good and the film does have a very good ending. It has a good time and is a very entertaining film that would make you laugh.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie has so much potential, it has so many things to make it a great movie, but it just... doesn't work.   The acting is terrible, the pacing is awful, the story is bad, the villain is a joke, and the worst thing is the ending, but you will see why. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It has all the makings of a very good movie. It has some good acting and a good script. There are some pretty good effects and special effects. It is a great action movie that should be seen by all those who like good action movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie, a movie where I have a hard time finding any redeeming value in it.  The story is one of the most tedious in the history of cinema.    I mean it really is that bad.  The story starts with a guy who has a "crazy" plan to bring peace to the world.  He gets together a team of mercenaries to help him.  But first he has to find his missing brother.  I don't really know what to say about the characters.  They all just stand around waiting to die.  This movie is so bad I don`t even know where to begin.  Posted by David M. at 11:06 AM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't want to be too critical about this movie because it was pretty good, but I'm pretty sure the reason for it's poor quality was because it's a parody of some popular films that people like.  The story is about a college freshman who gets a little too involved in the life of the rich, famous, and beautiful.    The characters were pretty interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this, I couldn't believe the acting.  They were supposed to be zombies!  What was I thinking?  When I first saw this movie, I thought it was a remake of The Walking Dead.  It turns out this movie is about a zombie army attacking a military installation in the middle of the desert.   The acting is terrible.  The actors are all trying to look as though they are fighting zombies.  It's very hard to tell if they are really dead or not.  If you watch this movie and don't like zombies, you might as well just stay in your home and watch a zombie movie on TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not sure what this film is about, but it's certainly not about what I expected. I think that it's about a bunch of people who are going to a wedding in a cabin in the woods, which is pretty much a very dull movie with little going on and no suspense at all.   This movie was probably made for the sake of money, since I bet that a lot of people would find the film rather boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a good movie, but it does not belong in the world of good horror movies. It's just a bad parody of a bad horror movie, it's very cheesy and it doesn't seem like they are really trying to scare anyone. I don't see how anyone could like it, it just is not scary at all. It was made to be a cheap, slapstick, horror movie with all the gore and sex and gore of a cheap horror movie. I really do not like horror films like this, they just seem so out of place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure what the big deal was with this movie.  It wasn't even a bad film.    It was a cheap, uninspired, and uninspiring attempt to make a low budget sci-fi flick with the same bad acting as in the original "War of the Worlds" (one of the best science fiction films ever made).   Why bother making a "War Of The Worlds" sequel when you could just as easily have taken the "Star Wars" script and made a new one?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A little girl is born to a wealthy family who have no money.   The poor girl gets an apartment, but there's a big problem: her neighbors are the most vicious, mean, vicious and greedy people you could ever imagine.  The movie begins with a murder: a man gets shot by a guy who wants to make a quick score, and then gets shot back by the police.  A few hours later the poor girl has a baby.  There's a little girl in the family named Rose.  She gets taken in by a rich family that lives in a nice apartment.  Then the girl's mother dies, and the rich family is trying to find a way to keep Rose alive.  But the more they find out about the poor people they live with, the more the poor family treats them like trash.  So in the end they kill Rose.   This movie has a whole bunch of scenes that make you want to hurl your remote control through a plate glass window.  It's a nasty movie.  And that's all it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have seen a lot of movies over the years, some good, some bad. I would say that this is one of the worse movies I have ever seen. This is a movie about a guy named John McDonough (played by Steve Martin). John is a poor, old man who lives in a little town. John is depressed because his wife died a few years ago and he's been getting more and more depressed. So he is walking around the town and sees this woman (played By Debbie Reynolds) and she is in love with him. John meets this woman at a party and they get married. The movie starts with John getting drunk and then having an accident with his car. He then goes to the hospital and meets the doctor. They then start having sex. I have never seen a movie where you could not tell if the guy was lying to the doctor about his wife being dead or not. I mean, this doctor is lying to John about his dead wife being alive! This movie is not funny at all, it is disgusting. The only way this movie is funny is when the doctor says that John is "so funny." The movie is so bad it has the potential to become an anti-Christian film! I can't believe this movie was ever made, it was so bad!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am really not sure what to say about this movie.  It has some very interesting ideas, but there are some very bad acting, and a plot that doesn't seem to really work.  The main character is really stupid.    This movie has a weird plot.    It is a little like a bad science fiction movie from the 1960's.  If you watch this movie, you should know that there is a plot, but it doesn't really go anywhere.  This movie tries to be a good satire, but the film just doesn't work.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a mess of a movie that does nothing but distract you from the real plot by being full of cheap stunts and characters that are either annoying or downright annoying. The movie's biggest weakness is its ridiculous use of a sword and shield, I mean what kind of film makes it so clear that the sword is the primary weapon of the warrior and the shield is merely a secondary weapon that is used when the sword has been broken and needs to be replaced? Seriously, why does a movie need two swords to be used for something? There is no point in having two swords in a fight if one will get cut in half if the other is knocked over or hit. The sword also seems to have a mind of its own and thinks it can move faster than it can really move and it is never really clear how far the sword can go, it is always so far away that it can't really be considered close combat. The shield can also move faster in the movie, but the idea of a giant shield is a poor one and doesn't seem to be an actual shield at all, it's a long, thin thing that doesn't look like a real shield at any point in the film and doesn.t feel like a shield at most, it looks more like a long piece of wood with a bunch of spikes sticking out. The story is ridiculous as well, I don't want to spoil the movie for anyone who hasn't seen it, but it has to be one of the worst I have ever seen and if you've ever seen a movie and thought to yourself "I don't think this would work", well, this is that movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot is stupid, the acting is pathetic, the whole movie is a disaster.   It is like watching someone make a film on the internet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've seen a lot of bad movies. But this one is on a completely different level. I could go on and on about this. And the bad actors. But really, there is nothing to say. I don't think this movie is a good movie. It's like the producers made a terrible movie for the purpose of making a great movie. And that's a bad idea, because it isn't even a good picture. It is a complete waste of time and money.   As I said, it's a complete movie. You can't even tell that it's just a bad film. It makes me wonder if this movie was made as a "test run" for another movie that never came out. It seems like the movie was a complete failure and they had to make a sequel. Maybe they used it as a kind of test for a sequel to the "Dancing with the Stars". The whole thing is kind of confusing. I can't believe I never saw this movie before.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't think that this movie is very good.   I don't know, I can't stand these types of movies.  It's just a bunch of people having sex.  I just don't get it.  What's the point?  The story is a big, boring, predictable story.  The people are all talking, they are all acting, they don't seem to care about anything that's going on.  This movie makes me think of "Titanic" or "The Last Picture Show"  The plot is so simple, so repetitive, so dull, and so stupid.  In all honesty, this movie should have stayed at home. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I love the title.    I don't think I've ever had a movie as bad as this one, and it's a shame, because it's got all the ingredients of a good bad movie, including a very good cast.  We've got a guy who can't stop being a pussy, and a woman who's never going to let him forget it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the late eighties, in a Hollywood filled with wannabes, there was a real-life American icon who could be mistaken for a movie star, if only for the height.   The tall, thin, blonde-haired actor was Johnny Weissmuller, whose name was an obvious nod to the tall, lean, blonde Weissmullaer.  And, as I said, he was a Hollywood icon.  Johnny Weissmann's career started in 1940 as an actor-director with "Little Richard" and "The Tijuana Brass."  But in the mid-fifties, he became a writer-director, and in the sixties, he began to take on big roles, which he didn't like.  He also began to drink heavily and lost a lot of weight.  After the "Hustler" movie in 1969, he took a break and wrote his own scripts.  But by 1971, he had a hit with "A Man of the People," a film about the poor working class.  In 1971, Johnny was married to a woman named Susan Schneider, and she helped him in a few more films, including "Little Caesar" and another "Hornswoggle."  The following year, Johnny played himself in a TV movie called "Sisters," and then he was off to California to direct the "The Man Who Sold the World."  He was a big star in California, but after he finished "The World," he was not a big hit in Hollywood.  While he did not write the book that became "The People's Republic of Shanghai," he did write a screenplay, and he was offered the job of writing it.  Unfortunately, the script fell apart and the film fell apart, too, and the director, William Friedkin, was replaced.  When the film was released in 1976, the reviews were very good, but it failed to do well at the box office.  That same year, however, Johnny did another big role, this time as the president of the United States, in the film, "The President."  Johnny, of course, did not have a lot to do with that movie, but he was nominated for an Academy Award for best supporting actor.  (He lost.)  Johnny died of a heart attack on November 29, 1988, at age fifty-two.  It's sad, really. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a sad attempt to cash in on the recent popularity of horror movies. It starts with a good-looking guy who wakes up in a room in a castle, with a lady who looks exactly like his wife. He finds out that she is a witch, and she says that they have a child, but that he must die to free her from a curse. He decides to help her by going to her room and killing her, and then freeing her from the curse. Well, the curse doesn't work, but he gets her out of the castle and they make love... The plot gets very complicated very quickly, and this is where the movie loses me. I'm not a fan of supernatural movies in general. There are so many stupid plot holes in this movie that it's ridiculous. For example, what is the purpose of the baby? What's the point of his "tiger-like" cry? I don't know, it's really not a very good movie. There's a good story, and a bad script, and I just didn't care for it at all. I didn't get a kick out of it at the time. It's a pretty bad movie overall.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know if I was looking forward to this film, or if I wasn't supposed to. I have never seen this film before, but after reading about it on this site, I had to see it. I am glad I did.   The story is simple, with an alien who comes to Earth looking for a child he left behind. He's been in space a while, and can't seem to get a human girl. After a night in a motel, he ends up in a high school, where he meets a young girl named Susan (the same Susan from the first movie). The two fall in love, and Susan has a crush on him. The next day, she's found dead in her bedroom. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a horrible movie, a really bad movie. This is not a movie that should be watched by anyone, or anyone at all. It's a horrible film, and the cast in it are horrible. The movie starts off great, then just gets worse. The first hour or so is a lot of fun, with a nice slow build-up to a really cool climax, but then it just gets bad and bad. The whole thing is kind of a mess, and it's really not funny at all, and doesn't make any sense at all in the least. If you have any sense left, this will probably not be good for you at all to watch.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you like a good movie that is very good at showing a little bit of life with a small group of people living a rough life, then you will love this movie.   The movie is very simple and doesn't do much.  The characters are all interesting, the story is simple, the acting is good, and the film is very funny and entertaining.  I recommend this movie to all those who like a simple story and great acting.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have a hard time believing that this movie would have been any good if the director,  Robert McKimson  had not given his all to making it a "hit".  The cast of characters are all very stereotypical and the plot is a little too ridiculous to be taken seriously.  There is a lot of "carnival games" going on in this movie, and that is all it is - a carnival game.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     As you can see from my rating, I am a big fan of all of the movies in the series. I love how the characters are brought together and how they react to their situation. I would like to thank the producer and the director for their talent. It is not a good movie, but I liked it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. It is a good idea, but the director, George Roy Hill (yes, that George Roy) has no talent whatsoever. The plot is bad and stupid. It starts with a girl who thinks she is a mermaid. Then she discovers she is not a mer. Then it goes downhill from there. It looks like an episode of Cagney's Famous Five. It has a terrible ending. It takes place in a small town in Maine. One night there is a storm and the girls get stranded in the woods. It's just a bunch of stupid scenes. This is a bad picture and no one should ever go see it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A poor film that is an insult to its audience.   This film was produced by a man who has absolutely no talent whatsoever.  He has produced a film that will make a child sick.  The story line is about a family that lives in a trailer and their daughter who is a little girl that loves to play with the other kids and the toys.  When the family's son is about to become a man he is not as successful as his mother and father.  They try to raise him well but they never have enough money to get him all the toys he wants.  This movie will have you laughing your head off and not giving a damn about anything that is happening.  I did not have a good time with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like the movie got so old it was out of date.  The plot of the movie was based on a movie by the same name by the director Michael Mann.  I can't say I had a favorite part of the film but I enjoyed it enough to recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film in a multiplex theatre (I believe it was a small theater) about 10 years ago and have seen it about 20 times since. I don't remember what the plot was, but the acting was terrible. They played the film like it was some kind of 'Dirty Dancing' movie, complete with 'the hooker' and a few other pretty ladies. This was one of those films where the 'dance' part of the film was just too stupid. This movie was one long joke and one of the most offensive, offensive, and offensive movies I have ever seen. I really hope the director is fired.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You can tell this is a film by watching a bad actor try and pretend he is a good actor.    In the film there are a number of things that are clearly done by an actor playing a part. The bad acting is clearly done.  It is hard to imagine this film being anything but a complete disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A big letdown.   It is like a horror movie with the characters doing the most terrible things.  It made me laugh a lot, but I couldn't stand it.  I didn't like the ending, but it was all in good fun.  The characters were so lame and the acting was awful.  Overall, I would not recommend this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The director did a good job of showing the true life experience of a girl who is a prostitute. The acting was awful and the plot was just stupid. It was a very bad movie that made me wonder why this director would even try to make a movie about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a friend who is a "hobbyist" of this kind of film, and I am now starting to get the feeling that she is becoming less and less inclined to watch it as well. It is really, really bad. I'm afraid that the only redeeming feature of this movie is that the actor playing Mr. Stryker is a very good actor, and that he looks very well put-together. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is not that important.  I did not find anything special about the film, nor did I like it.    There are so many clichés and cliches that are so overused.  There are also some problems with the actors and the screenplay. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is like a movie made by the man who brought us the first two "Spartacus" movies: John Boorman, a director who has made a lot of bad movies. I mean, the worst one in the history of cinema. I have to say I did enjoy it a little bit: the actors are pretty good, I liked the story, but in the end it is just too boring to be a good movie. I would recommend this movie for the most "sick" of fans of the original series.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for the first time when it came out in the early 90's. I was a teenager then. I really thought it was a good movie. It was supposed to be a "true story" about a little boy who is adopted by a mother who is very poor. Her child has autism and he is very sad. He is not very well liked by his mother and the other children. He has a crush on a girl. The story ends with a cliffhanger. The next day my mother and I were on our way to the bus station. The movie is set in an old abandoned school. A few old ladies are there. It seems like the whole place has been left to rot. The place looks like something out of a horror movie. I have never been to an old school before so I don't know how old the school was but it sure was a scary place. My mom and I got off the bus in the middle of the building. We walked around the school. We didn't see anybody. I looked around. No sign of anybody. It looked like someone had left it to decay. The school was like a cemetery. The grounds were overgrown. It seemed like somebody had come to clean the place up. It all looked like a movie set. The old ladies that were there seemed very old. I felt really bad for them. They must have been very old to have lived in such a place. It didn't seem like anyone was around. The bus driver told us not to stay there too long. It is unsafe. It has been abandoned for some time. But we are going to try to find the girl. We are going out to the nearby woods. I thought that was the end of the movie. But then I was watching a movie with an old lady on the screen and the little boy was watching her on the TV. It turns out she is a teacher and the school is named after her. It's the old school! I think we can find the little girl and get her back. Then we can go to a carnival. I am really excited about this movie. The plot is really interesting. I think it is a good film. I hope they make a sequel!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The ending was a bit too anticlimactic.   There are no real suspenseful moments to speak of. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't expect to love this movie at all, but it's so much worse than it has to be. The film opens with a guy falling off a cliff in a storm, and the next thing we see is him on a couch with a woman in bed, and she's looking at him. I had no idea what was going on and the dialogue was so bad. The only good thing about this film is that the actors all seemed to be in good spirits, so it could have been worse.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's the end of the world, a big black storm that has just arrived. It is raining and the weatherman has predicted it will continue for a few more days. I'm not very worried about it as I have a large collection of rain coats and umbrellas but I think I will be getting a small suitcase in case I'm in trouble. The other thing I find rather amusing is that this movie seems to be written by an insane man. I can understand the movie being a bit weird but there is something very wrong with the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a pretty bad movie, and I don't know how many people can get so excited over the idea of a dog that doesn't bark and can't swim.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The best part of the movie is the title itself.   A lot of people are trying to find a way to deal with the problems that have been created by the last few generations.  I'm not sure who's idea it was to turn a film about a man who was once a real life superhero into a movie about a guy who dresses like a kid and gets into trouble.  It's really stupid.  The movie does not try to be smart.  As far as I can tell, it is about a kid who is a super hero and a dad who thinks his kid is a real hero.  So who is the hero?   The real hero is the kid who knows how to be a kid.  This movie is about the dad who doesn't know how to love his son, who doesn�t know how his son loves him and who doesn' t love his kid. The kid doesn't love his dad.  There is a lot of talk about how he is going to make up for what his dad did.  You know who else made up for the things his dad was accused of doing?  People who were accused of being killers.     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have no idea what to think about this one. There are several parts to the story that are just not believable. I could have sworn this movie was set in the Middle Ages, but no, it's the 20th Century. I know there's a lot of historical inaccuracies, but this is the worst one of the bunch. I am a little bit disappointed in the ending, as it is so weak.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film is a big mess that never builds up any real tension. It has no plot. No character development. No originality. No laughs. No heart. No romance. No anything.   It's just a bunch of guys trying to get laid, and no one seems to care that it's a bad idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of those rare movies that makes you think, and in that regard it's a pretty good movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is very easy to see that the director is an old school action man. The film is very well made. The special effects were nice. But what makes this a complete disappointment is the ending. It is not really good at all. I mean the plot is very poor and it is a long film.   I am glad I gave this a miss.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you think about it, this is a remake of a film that I saw about 15 years ago.  It's a low-budget remake of an old horror movie from the 70s.    It was a big box office flop.  I didn't like this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was terrible. It was so poorly made that I could only laugh at the bad acting, the bad dialog, the terrible production, and the terrible direction.   There are some scenes that are just silly. It makes me sad that the director is such a bad director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only redeeming quality of this film is its utter lack of a plot. It is just some bad guy in a hat who goes around shooting people and that is about it. The acting is atrocious and the editing is a little off too.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movies I've ever seen, the only thing I could think of was that this is a spoof of a famous comedy. But no, this is the worst movie I've seen. The acting is awful, the story is so terrible that it is impossible to believe it was made by a competent film maker. It was so bad that I can't even say anything good about it, because it was so awful that I couldn't say anything positive about it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really don't know why, but this movie is absolutely terrible. I mean, it's a "re-imagining" of a children's book (which I found out was already done) about a girl who is in a wheelchair, and has to find her way home. I had never seen a movie like this before, and I had no idea what was going to happen. The director has no idea how to make a movie, he just goes from one stupid action scene to the next, and it just gets worse and worse. It is absolutely horrible. I can't say anything positive about this movie. I give it a 1/10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to tell you right now, it was a pretty good movie, but it wasn't good.  There were moments where it seemed to have a real purpose. Â Â However, after the movie ended, I felt a little cheated.    I know that there were some really cool moments.  But there was a lot of wasted time.  And even though the story was cool, it never had a lot going on.  I don't think it would be a bad idea to start a franchise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie has a lot of "what the fuck" moments: an older guy in a wheelchair, who has a bunch of girls trying to seduce him. He's trying to get a wheelchair for his grandson, who's a young adult. I like how his son has a wheelchair. Also a little girl with a wheelchair is trying to talk to the old man. Also, he's in a big white house, which is obviously a fancy white house. And it's got all these nice things around it. It has a pool, a huge fireplace, a garden, a big kitchen with a huge refrigerator, a large room with a bathtub and a big bed. Also it's filled with furniture and a lot more stuff.   Also, it's a story about a man who's got a big house. He has all these beautiful people around him, including his son, who is in the wheelchair, and a beautiful woman who has an amazing body. It's like he's living in a fairy tale. I think the whole thing was made for some kind of art show. It would be a good movie to watch in a gallery.   a lot, a lot   But it has no idea what to do with its characters. It just wants to throw them in there to fill up the screen, to tell the story. It feels like it doesn't have a clear direction. And the story seems to be mostly based on sex. It seems like it's about a guy in his mid 30s who has sex with a beautiful young woman every day and the story is all about how he changes. It also seems like he gets the most sexual satisfaction out of just having sex. The woman, I think, was in the movie to promote some kind sex toy company.   the movie has more sex scenes than a porn movie   I didn't like the movie very much. It felt like a lot was spent on sex and very little on the story or the characters. The only thing I liked about the movie was the music, which was really good.  .
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In fact, the first 20 minutes or so of the movie are just a bunch of "oh, shit" moments, which are followed by a bunch more "oh shit" events.   The movie follows a young woman (Mia Sara) as she tries to live a normal life and deal with the people around her. She meets a guy who seems like a nice guy. They hit it off, and he gives her a small loan for a new car.  She's thrilled. But then her friend (Hollie Gathers) starts to date a guy (Josh) who seems to be the perfect guy. So she decides to ask him out.  I have to say that the first 5 minutes or two of this movie are absolutely awful. It seems like there was a scene cut from the original film, and this one takes place at a bar.  They show a guy at the bar talking to a girl (Holly) about how he and her were both very close in school, but now they've moved out. She seems happy.  It's the first few minutes of this that really get to me.  The dialogue in this movie is horrible, and the plot isn't very good either.  Holly and Josh are so in love that it's impossible to imagine them breaking up.  At one point Holly and her friends (Irene Lee and Sherry Tolan) start to think about moving to another town. But the people there don't want them.  So Holly decides to try and find another place to live, and Josh is kind of the only one who is interested in helping her.  This part is just really bad.  For a minute or so we see Josh and Holly at a party.  Then he makes a weird comment that they both want to "have sex" and then he does it with her. He also tells her that he's never been in love, but Holly doesn't buy it.  Later that night he asks Holly to get a taxi to the airport.  Again, the dialogue is awful.  Josh and her go to the bar and then Josh tries to buy a drink from her. After he's done, Holly decides that she wants to be a waitress, and she's really good at it. So after he leaves she goes back to the hotel room.  We don't see this happen, but we do see a couple of scenes at the airport (during which Josh does all sorts of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If I had a bad review to write I would call this movie   "the worst movie ever" and then give it an F.   It is not a movie at all.  It has no heart, no character, no plot.  The main characters are       a retarded boy, a fat girl, a stupid cat, a   stupid   monkey, a girl who hates people   and   the stupid cat.  I'm not even kidding.  There is no plot to the movie at least.  No one ever has a real plot, everyone is just   trying to be funny.  This movie  has  nothing to do with reality.  There is no reason to be in a house and do something that you can't do in real life.  If it were real I wouldn't have to get my teeth pulled because the dentist is so lame.  You will not be entertained by this movie, it's just a bad   movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am not a big fan of horror movies, but this movie had a good time with the jump scares, creepy atmosphere, and good special effects.   It would have been better if they had made the movie in the US with better special effects, and not used the same special effects that have been used in a lot of horror films, so I will not watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like the first act of the movie, I like it so much I could have laughed a whole lot more if they'd made it the entire movie. But there's only so much you can do with a couple of actors.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a disaster. I was really hoping for a good action movie with good fight choreography and great set pieces. This is an ugly movie. It's like a bad cartoon. This movie has nothing to do with a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie.  I don't mean that it's a bad film.  I mean it's bad.    The film tries to be cute and funny at first but soon devolves into a bad nightmare.  The only redeeming aspect of this movie is that it does contain some nice scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have never heard of this movie and I don't think I ever will, but it's still a terrible movie and probably the worst horror film ever made.   The plot of the movie is so bad and poorly conceived that I'm shocked I ever watched this movie, but if you can look past the fact that it's bad, then this is a terrible, terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only good thing about this movie is the voice acting, which is very poor. The movie is about a woman named Nomi who is married to a man named Kiki. The husband and wife don't get along very well, and she has to spend a lot of time and money to keep them apart. The most entertaining parts of the movie are the scenes where Kiki and Nomi go on dates and the couple have to get up and leave at the exact same time. Nomi is a very good actress, so much so that I think it's kind of funny that she is in a movie where she's supposed to be married. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is an abomination of a movie. The movie tries to be something different and fun but its not.   It's really bad and it's only funny because its so terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think I've ever seen a bad film in a bad setting.  The set was absolutely amazing, the sound quality was great, and I loved how the camera kept the actors in the frame.  I was totally mesmerized by this film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a train wreck from beginning to end.    From the beginning the movie starts off with a lot of talk about how the war is going to end and that the only thing that is holding back the Russians is the American people.  After that they start off by showing the movie of a Russian tank taking out a group of American infantry.  I think that the movie is trying to be funny but it just comes off as a little too preachy.  This movie has the look of a 1970s war movie with a bunch of young actors who are just out of high school and looking for a way to get their foot in the door.  The bad guys are all portrayed as having a lot less personality than the bad guys in "Battle of the Bulge"  The main character is portrayed as being a complete idiot.  What happened to his father, his grandfather and his great-grandfather?  I can't really say because I didn't understand any of it.  It's just a movie that I'm glad I didn' watch because it was a bad idea to make it a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie with one of the worst villains I have ever seen, and he is portrayed by the worst villain I have seen in a movie. The guy has the face of a guy who went to the toilet on acid, and has the voice of a very angry cat who has been caught out by the cat who had to find its own way out of a cat-house. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not really a bad film.  Just a movie that takes a long time to get going.  I'm not sure why it's so long.    If you're looking for something that has a lot of action, and a bit of a dark and gritty tone, then I'd suggest you steer clear of this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A terrible movie about a terrible person, it just doesn't work, there is no tension, no action, and the acting is so awful that I can't believe that they were cast in it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was pretty bad.   I can't give a low score to this movie because it really was not all that bad. I guess it's all about the production design and the cinematography.  It's a pretty standard story of a young couple who are having a rough time of it in their new apartment.  But that's really not the most important part of this movie.  The movie is just about two women going to an apartment to watch TV.  They get into an argument about the quality of the television.  In the end, one of the women leaves, and the other one doesn't.  She doesn't even leave a note.  You might think this is a bad sign, but really it's a good sign.  If she just went away without leaving a note, it would be a big deal.  Instead, she stays and fights with her husband and then leaves the apartment.   So she does something so crazy that it's amazing.  I mean she really does something to her husband that is so crazy it's unbelievable.  One thing I really like about this movie is the soundtrack.  Even though it is just two women watching TV, there is a little music that is added.  So it sounds like two women who are fighting and yelling at each other.   The other thing I liked about this is the acting.  These two women are both very good.  This is not an acting movie but it does a very good job at acting.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I stated above, I did not have much of a negative view on this film, I actually thought it was pretty decent. I really liked how it was done, but the ending was quite disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be a comedy about a man who thinks he's a princess, but he's not.  The whole movie is an attempt at comedy, and there's a scene where the heroine and her boyfriend are having a fight.    Then the boyfriend says, "Well, I don't really think I like Princess Leia very much."   So, that's a movie where the hero thinks he is a princess and that he can be with a princess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a terrible movie!   This is a movie that is a mix of bad acting, bad music, bad acting and terrible story telling. The movie is very bad.   The acting is terrible.  Most of the movie is just bad acting. The main character, Johnny, is a bad guy.  The movie tries to tell a story about a girl who has been kidnapped by the police and when she tries to escape from them she gets arrested.  I can't believe this movie exists!  This movie is a complete waste of time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is boring as hell.  I can see why it was made to be a sequel to The Last Action Hero  (1986).  The only thing interesting about this movie is that the actors in it don't act at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie starts with a guy walking on a desert road. The camera pans in on his back and a desert in the background. He starts to walk, and his head drops down and he starts to cry, then he continues walking.   I had never seen a desert movie before, so this one was a surprise!   This movie really isn't that bad, but there are so many bad scenes in it that you'll want to put it in the "really bad movies" section.  Posted by Michael D at 11:55 AM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie a bunch of times, and I never get sick of it.  But it was bad this time.  It seems the movie had a bad press because it was being used to promote a new video game called "Battlefield 4" and it seemed like the developers made this film to get more of the audience to play the game, which I suppose is fine because I like a good video game.   The movie is a real old-fashioned shoot 'em up with a couple of cool action sequences.  This movie is not very good, I never found myself laughing out loud much.  But I really liked the movie.  There were some cool vehicles that were made for this movie, and the movie was definitely a good time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story line is predictable and predictable. It is a story about a little boy and his friend who play a game called "What are you doing in the woods?" the rules are very simple: the boy must not touch any animal. The rules are broken when the boy's dad comes into the woods and sees the boy playing and thinking. The boy is then sent to a daycare. He gets to go to a room full of little girls and the little girls make him do a task and get a prize at the end. I am sure there is some sort of hidden message that is intended but there is little to no story. It was boring and not worth the time I spent watching it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was a horrible movie. It was boring, predictable, and stupid. It had a plot, but no development of it. It didn't even make sense in the plot!   I hated the characters!  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is about a very bad guy named Mr. Scowley who is on a murder spree, shooting people in the street and trying to get away. He's going to a very small town in the middle of nowhere to get some medicine for a broken arm. As he's trying to leave the town, a woman gets out of a car and calls to him to come back, so he does and she gives him a bottle of medicine, but he doesn't take it. He takes a bunch of the medicine and then he goes back to the car and leaves the girl to die in the snow. And then the town has to put her in the morgue because she's dead. He gets back to town and he kills again. And when he's finally caught, they put him in the jail with a bunch more people.   It's like a bad Twilight Zone episode where everything is just a horrible nightmare. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know why the producers thought it would be a good idea to cast a young actor as a man with mental health problems. I don`t know how it could have been done better. He looks so much like the rest of them and has no personality at all.   It is really quite a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad film. The only way I could possibly describe it is to say that it's a poorly written, badly acted, poorly acted, badly directed, badly scored, badly filmed and poorly edited movie. I really don't know how it got a theatrical release or how it managed to get into a theater in the first place, but this is just one of those movies that should have never gotten out of the first draft. If you haven't seen this movie then you should go get a copy of it and give it a miss.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I noticed about the movie is that it is a little slow paced. It doesn't really feel like an action movie, because it doesn't feel like a "real" action movie. There is a few moments of excitement, but that is all. The film doesn't have any real twists or turns that you would expect from a movie called "The Expendables." There are a few fun action scenes that are not too bad, but it just doesn't seem like a movie that could be the start of a franchise.  I'm really not a big fan of action movies, but I guess I can't help it. This film just isn't my cup of tea.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really thought this movie was going to be good. I mean, it's a movie about a man and a girl who are both going to die and the girl is going to have a heart attack. What more could you want? They're both pretty sick. She's got the mental issues, and the man has the physical. It was all pretty interesting and funny at times. It's not exactly a classic, but it's pretty good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie's not bad, but its pretty much nothing more than a collection of clips and jokes.   I don't like the fact that they put in a joke about "being black in Hollywood" which, frankly, makes no sense at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good movie: a little dull: and the bad: no one is ever going to be fooled again: they will always be disappointed: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie about a year ago, and I remember thinking that the movie looked very much like an old "Crazy" cartoons and not like anything else. This is definitely not the kind of movie I enjoy. It has a good cast, but the actors do not play their characters very well. This movie is about a man who is crazy, and is not in control of himself at all. I thought that this was a very funny movie, but I did not see any point in watching it again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like this movie, it has good acting and a story that is a little strange. It was filmed in New Orleans and is not too good but then again, not that good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think that there was an idea of something being out of this world when I first saw this movie. But I'm afraid that the story was so lame and so unimaginative that I'm more than ready to forget it, because the whole movie is just so stupid and the acting is so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was at first excited to see this movie as it had been a long time since I saw a movie with a strong female lead and a lot of nudity. However, it quickly becomes obvious that the movie is not the one I was expecting. The main character is an ex-drug dealer who is trying to get her life together after her son is killed. She gets caught up in a hit-and-run, where she gets hit with a large amount of methamphetamine which is an extremely dangerous drug to consume. She is also raped by a man who is an undercover cop.   While the main character's story is interesting, the rest of the movie gets worse and worse.  It's a bit of a cliche at this point. I'm sure there were people who thought it was a great movie, but most of the people who watched it probably never even bothered to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a good movie but it is really badly written and directed.   It is like an uninspired remake of the classic The Day the Earth Stood Still   and the lead role is played by a young Tom Hanks   who is not nearly the actor he was a decade ago.  The story is a bit silly but the bad acting and bad acting is so bad it is hard to take seriously.  I have no doubt that the film would be much better if it were directed by a professional and had a script that had better dialogue, if only to make it seem like an epic.  So, what's your take?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a very bad movie, a movie full of lies and propaganda.  I would like to see how many other people it will bring to tears. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first few minutes are not very memorable. The action starts out slow and then picks up speed, and the movie never really stops, even during the slow parts. A few minutes into the movie, I was bored, and when it began to pick up speed it became even more boring, and I decided to turn the TV off. It's a shame that a movie like this is a bad idea to begin with. I don't see why people are going to sit through a movie that's not very interesting to begin the film. I did not see the movie's future and it is unlikely that the story will be much of a story.   This movie is the worst of the bunch I think. The only good thing about it is the special effects. The acting is awful, but that's the only thing that is decent about the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie I wish I could have watched as a kid. I remember that I was supposed to be in the fourth grade and was told that the movie would be about a boy who is trying to catch a monster. So I watched it and was never impressed. It's a very bad movie and the special effects are terrible. The monster is so ugly it's almost scary. There's a scene in it where a boy is about to kiss a girl and the monster comes out of nowhere and kills him. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really don't know why it was even made.   This is not even the worst movie made by the writer of "The Lost World".   And it has the audacity to be called "The Last Movie in Space".  It has the most annoying voice acting of any movie I've seen in a long time.  They had to give him a Scottish accent.  It was almost like an old science fiction movie.  I had no idea it was supposed to be in space, I was so confused. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's about a couple of people who are getting out of a bad marriage. I think they are a bit over the top. The whole movie is like watching a train wreck on top of a mountain. The music is bad. The acting is bad and the acting in a movie like this is even worse. The bad acting in this movie is made worse by the horrible music. I was expecting a much better movie and I was really disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did not like this movie. The plot is so stupid. You have a bunch of idiots walking around with a dog that's a little over 6 months old. The dog gets loose from its leash and runs around for a while. Eventually, it starts barking at something in the distance and then suddenly turns into a giant fucking ball of flame and starts rolling towards the people who were there to watch the fireworks. The whole movie was a complete disaster. It was absolutely ridiculous. I could not believe what was happening and it was all very poorly choreographed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has a "cool" art direction and I liked the way it looked. But then, there's nothing really cool about this movie.  Just a bunch of bad-looking guys that are all going to die!  No one even looks like they care!  The music is not really good.   The story is not very interesting.  I think they just wanted to get the ratings up so they could get some money.  But don't let that fool you.  This is a bad film.  The acting is bad, the effects are bad, and the plot is bad!   I just don't see how they could have made this into a "movie".   This film is just too bad!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't really like this movie because I didn't like the premise, the characters, the plot, or the directing. I really couldn't care less about any of it. I mean, I can't stand the way they dress up. There is just something about the way these people dress that makes me want to smack them around the face. They even have a guy in a mask! I just don't care about them. And I am really tired of them talking about how much money they have made!   The acting is bad, the music is bad. This movie is a total waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was just about as bad as they come. I mean, it was supposed to be a comedy, but it was really just a really, really bad movie.   It's not just that the plot is totally unrealistic: The whole thing is supposed to take place in the year 2000, and a bunch of people are going to be killed in the movie theater. And then a bunch more people are supposed to die in the theater. So you can see how unrealistic this all is, but, you know, they do a great job of making the movie look good in a way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the most stupid and pointless movie ever made. This movie has nothing to do with anything and will have no impact on your life. If you are a fan of the movies "Sling Blade" and "The Warriors" this is the film for you.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a truly bad movie.   The plot:  A group of people go to a place that is supposedly haunted.  They enter and are attacked by a group of ghosts.  Then there is a big fight, and the group gets away.  It is all very well done, and they do a good job.  The acting:  I think most of the actors did a good enough job, but I felt the lead was not as good as the others.  There was something wrong with the face of the guy who was talking to the lady in the first scene, and his eyes seemed to have no expression.  I felt his mouth had an awful sound to it.  However, most of them did a pretty good job, and I felt I was watching a movie, not a horror movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't usually watch horror films, but this one had me on the edge of my seat for the entire movie.  As a big fan of the film I wanted to see it and was very pleasantly surprised at the end.  If you have seen this film, please tell me what you thought about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like a good movie but this one is so terrible that I am afraid to see it again. The movie is about a very sick little boy named Jack who was born with no arms and no legs. His parents had him adopted and raised him as their own. He has always been a very shy little boy who does not like attention and has a strong hatred for everything that has to do with the outside world. The thing that I really hated about the movie is that the parents, who were the parents of the other kids in the film, were not really the best parents. Their love for their adopted son was so strong that they never even tried to get a job in the outside work world.  I found it so sad to see a kid like this who has been hurt all his life and is not able to express his anger. I really wish that the filmmakers had spent a little more time with this little boy and would have shown him how to love instead of just having him cry over and over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So, let's get this out of the way:  There are no guns in this movie, except for the one in the bathroom.   I'm sorry, I can't stand to see movies like this anymore.  It's all so obvious.  I hate when a movie does not know what to do with a bad ending, or a bad idea.  The ending in this case is so bad that I don't think it's a movie at all.  This movie was a horrible idea, and the idea was so bad, that it became a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a mess. It's a movie that doesn't want to be a movie. It is just there.  There are so many things wrong with this movie.  The music is so bad that it hurts your ears.    The film is just too over the top and the acting is awful.  If you want a movie to make you laugh you can't go wrong with the old timey slapstick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most horrible, boring, ridiculous movie I have ever seen. The movie takes place at the school where the protagonist attends. It's a school for kids with special needs. It has a large group of kids who are not only special needs, but have an amazing sense of humor. They are all smart, witty, and are able to solve problems with their smarts. There is a new teacher, Mr. Lacy, who has an obsession with the student who just moved into the school. He is a girl who has been diagnosed with a rare neurological disease called Pernicious Anemia. When she is first introduced to the group she is incredibly shy and embarrassed. However, she quickly warms up to the others and starts being more outgoing. She seems to have a lot of trouble with social interaction and at first it seems like this may be a problem. However she quickly begins to make friends and is able to develop a friendship with another student who is the only one with a sense of rhythm. This girl, named Jana, is an incredible pianist. It is not unusual for Jana to play for hours, sometimes at a breakneck pace. Mr. Laury gets a kick out of her. He tries to get her to play something more serious, but she is more interested in jogging, running, and jumping rope. This makes it difficult for Mr.Laury to play her more serious music. MrLacy tries to help him out a little by bringing in his best friend, the school's valedictorian, and one of his football players, and he tries to encourage her. It does not work. Jana seems to be incapable of listening to anything Mr.Lacy says, or listening to any of the other students. She doesn't want to share with anyone. When he tries the first time to give her a guitar to play, she doesn't even play the guitar. She plays with her feet and the music is awful. MrLaury tries to teach her to write songs, but the problem is that she doesn the same kind of bad song over and over. It sounds like a bad rock song. The other students try to help her out, but all of them have to do it several times before they finally get her singing properly. MrT. is one of the players on the team, and when he starts to get excited about the idea of playing music for Janna, Jana's teacher, she starts playing the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think the story is bad. It has a couple of scenes that are pretty amusing but overall it's a pretty bad movie. There is a girl who is raped and it's all over quickly. I don.t think it was that interesting or funny at all. It is not very good at all and the characters are just silly and forgettable. I think the whole movie could have been cut a lot more.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What can I say, I had never heard of this movie until I found it on a list of the best horror movies on the web. It was on a website called MovieFever. I couldn't get it out of my head, and so I went to the cinema and saw it with my father. We didn't see much of it, and I couldn  The film is about a man who lives in a house in a rural area. He is an old man who is lonely and suffering from a bad case of asthma. He's always thinking about what happened to his wife and son. One day a stranger named John walks up to the house. The man is not scared of him, as he has killed the other people that he's killed in the past. He doesn't care, as they were not people he cared about. He then starts talking about a demon. The demon has taken over his house, and has been torturing him. He starts to wonder if there's more to the demon than he is telling him. The film does a great job of showing how John's family is all that stands between him and the demon.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have no idea how to review this movie, I'm not an expert on bad movies, this movie is just plain stupid.  This movie was made by a man who should know better, it was just made for the American market.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an ugly film. I can't believe anyone thought that making this film a comedy would be a good idea. This is a terrible film, and it should never be seen. The plot is pathetic, and the story is bad. The film is about a boy and his cat who get trapped in a cave in the middle of nowhere. The movie begins with the boy in the cave, and soon we are introduced to the cat, who is a cute little kitty. The boy meets the cat on a hill, and they go into the cave. They find a strange thing in the room. There are pictures of animals and people on the wall. The boys discover that the people and animals on the walls were from a long time ago, and that there is a place down below where all the people who died are buried. The first scene of the movie is where the boys are trapped, and we see the cat trying to get out of the cave using a rope, and some rope climbing stuff. Then the cat notices a hole in the floor, and climbs out, and finds a hole that goes under the wall of the room where the cat is trapped. The cat climbs up into the hole, and gets down, and then the boy gets stuck in the hole. We then see a very strange thing happening. We see the cats, and people, and other things from the "old days". Then we see what the cat has done. We saw that the cat had killed the boy, and eaten him. The next thing we see is the boy getting up, and walking around, and eating a cat, and a chicken, and an egg. The final scene shows the cat eating the chicken and egg. I hate this movie. It is so bad that I don't even want to look at it. I give it a zero stars, and I hope someone makes a sequel to this. I wish I could give it one star, but I can only give it zero stars.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm glad I'm not going to see this movie, but I have to warn you, the movie has some terrible acting and bad acting in general, like most of the films in the genre. It's just really stupid and bad. I think I've seen this movie before, it's the same actors and I think they're trying to recreate the same movie, not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is absolutely terrible. The acting is horrible, the plot is horrible. This is not a movie you should watch in the dark. The cinematography is horrible and the acting is even worse. This movie is an absolute disgrace to cinema and to the film industry. I'm going to make this as short as possible. If you don't like a movie, don't watch it. It's not a good movie.   (If you liked this review, click the like button! If you hate this review and want to see a good bad movie, click on the thumbs up icon to get to the next one.)   WARNING: This movie contains a lot of nudity and it might not be suitable for all ages.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the most boring movies ever made, and the plot is pretty lame.  There is no real tension in the film and the characters are all a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The title is just a joke. A lot of people are going to complain that they were not good, but the movie had its moments. It did get a lot of good reviews, but a lot are not good.   It is just so hard to make a bad story bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not much of a fan of horror.  A couple of times a year, I get the urge to see a scary movie, and I usually just do it.   But the last couple of movies I've seen have been terrible.  My favorite is the remake of the movie " The Omen."    But the latest horror movie I saw, "The Exorcist," is not only the worst film ever made about the Catholic Church, it is also the worst movie ever made.  This is why I am a Catholic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is really silly, a bunch of people come together to solve a murder, but when they're about to uncover the truth they learn that a ghost haunts a graveyard.   This film is not only terrible, it's terrible with a capital "W".   I would watch this again and again to get my fill of horror. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie back in the 80's and I don't remember much about it, it's kind of boring and poorly written. The guy in the movie is called Jim Jones and he was a hippie, very nice guy. When I heard about the massacre at Jonestown, I thought about him. When it comes to Jonestons, I am a big fan, the music was very good and they had a great time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the only "good" movie I have seen in a long time.  I would like to point out that it is a remake of the 1968 original.    It takes a long while to get going, but once it does, it's really good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have never watched this movie so I don't know what to expect from it. This movie is nothing but a re-run of a TV show. It has the same plot, the same characters and the same voice actors. The movie has only one thing to offer: a little girl. Her name is Mary.   The movie is about a young boy named John who, because of an accident in his life, is now confined to a wheelchair. In the movie, John meets Mary, a little schoolgirl, who is also a cripple.  When John comes to visit her, he has the impression that she is a little bit more beautiful than he thought. He is not wrong.  Mary is very beautiful, but she also is very sick. She has a disease that prevents her from having sex. She gets sick very often.  The rest of the movie is a retelling of the story of John and Mary, who, with their friends, visit various places in order to find a cure for Mary's illness.  I do not know why the movie made such a huge mistake with the ending. If there is no cure for this illness, there will be no cure.  As for the movie itself, I thought that it was kind of funny.  It was funny to see John and the others get so excited over Mary's new shoes, and to see how they are treated by people who are usually indifferent to them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst of the bunch.  This was a bad film from the start.    It is a story about a man who falls in love with his wife, who is actually a man.  I thought that the movie was terrible.  It was the kind of film where you think it is going to be great, but it turns out to be awful.  The acting was horrible, and I don't care if they have a good time together or not.  This movie just made me cringe and think of horrible things to say about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I liked this movie so much I went to the video store to get it, then I saw it and thought "wow, that's a lot of people watching that much cocaine and they all look like they are high as balls".   The only thing I can think of that I can take issue with is the "toxicology" section where they show the effects of smoking cocaine, it makes me think if it had been more like this movie I would have laughed out loud.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a bad film. I hate the fact that it's made by people who can't write well. They don't understand how to make a movie and they don't even know how to act. It's terrible and so bad that you can't believe they are making a movie about a zombie. There is no story to it, no plot. It is just a bunch of people in the middle of nowhere, who have a lot of stuff to do and do it all over the place. I am not sure if I can even call this a zombie movie. They are zombies, but not really. They move fast and move randomly and they are just like the other zombies. They aren't really scary and it's not scary when the zombies attack. This is just the most boring film I have ever seen. There are no great performances and it all just gets boring. It could have been good, but the bad movie rule applies here and they could have made a decent film if they had just done the job and made a good zombie movie and not made a bad one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love the movies from the 90's.  The first movie was a remake of the movie "Hitchcock" and I loved it.    I have been thinking about the sequel to the original "Hitchescock" that I loved.  I wonder if there is another remake in the works? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen this film before but I was so confused by the plot, that I couldn't understand a word of it, which in a bad film is a very bad thing.  This movie is based on a true story of the life of a British Army Officer.    The movie is a lot more fun than it is serious.  I would rather see this movie when it was first released in the 80's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I have ever seen.   This is the worst movie i have ever watched. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched the movie a few years ago, after having read all the reviews about how good the movie was. I had never seen the movie so I had to try it out. I am glad I did because the movie did not disappoint! I have not watched it since then, but I still think the movie is good and worth a watch. The movie starts off very fast, with a fast car chase, which we all know how well this works. I loved the car chase scene! It was so fun and the actors in this movie are really good, especially Jim Carey. They have a good chemistry and it was very enjoyable to watch. I would love to see more from them! The movie then switches to a small town and the main character is a detective who is trying to solve a murder that is being blamed on a serial killer. The detective is a man named Johnny and he seems like a nice man and is very good at what he does. He is very smart and quick witted and does not hesitate to do what he needs to do. I also loved the scene when the detective is trying and failing to find the serial killer's prints and he gets a phone call that it is a bad day for him. The guy is in the other room, and then the phone rings and the guy comes out and he has a gun pointed at him. He runs away and the detective says "The bad day is now over". The detective then tells the other guy to come over so they can talk about the murder. The other guy tells him "That's it, I'm done" and leaves the scene. The next scene is a motel room and the killer is there. The killer takes the detective hostage and we are watching the detective get the killer to talk. We see the killer in the bathroom and the police officer comes in to talk to him. Then the killer shoots the police Officer and the camera goes to the body and then we go back to the police office. Then we go to the morgue where we see the dead body of the Detective. It is a good scene, and we see how the detective deals with it. He tells the guy to take the body away, and it is just as well that he did. The scene where the guy has his gun pointed to the detective and he says "This is your fault" and he shoots the guy and then he says, "This isn't your fault". Then he shoots himself and then that is the end of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am not sure how many times I have watched this movie.  I was a kid, and I watched this for the first time recently, after a couple of years of not watching anything, I finally gave it a try.  The first thing I noticed was how old the characters were.  They were in their late 20's.   They have the same clothes for years.  You could tell the actors in the movie were not too talented, but they seemed to have the good looks.  My husband, however, said it was one of the most entertaining movies he has seen.  We went to the movie theater to watch this, as I was curious to see how much it had aged.  This movie was like nothing else I have ever seen. I did laugh a few times, and felt sorry for the poor actors, but I also felt for the director, and the poor actress.  It was very hard to watch a movie that was so bad.  What a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The last part of the "Macho Man" series. It is basically a retelling of "Machi Zulu" and it's still awful. The first part is all about the "Chili Man" who fights a bunch of other "Machos" (who all look like the old-school bad guys from the old TV show). The only difference is that this time there are "MACHO" that look like humans (which is kind of an improvement on the original film) and some of them have names. The other two parts are all about a young girl who runs away from her family because she can't deal with them. She is found by the "Elite" (or "Elites" in this film) who are an elite of their own and they want her to join their organization. This is where the movie gets really ridiculous: the Elite (who are not even bad looking) have a bunch (okay maybe just one) of kids (the "Chickens") that they take in, because they are the "perfect family". The kids are all like little chicks and they just run around with them in the middle of the night. It's a pretty funny movie, but it's not very good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is not bad. It is just...not very good. It's like they wanted to make a little movie that they thought would be entertaining and popular. But it's not. I'm not even sure how they got the movie made. It looks like a film noir, with lots of bad acting, and a bad script. It doesn't have any heart. The director wants to make it look like a Western, but it's so bad it doesn't look like anything. The only good thing about the movie is that it looks really bad. I would give it a B- but for the reason that it has a lot of really bad acting. It would have been a better movie if they had just used bad actors.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know if this movie is a comedy or a drama, it is just a bad film, and bad for the price of a coffee.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have no idea what the hell is going on in this movie. I was at a bar where there were a couple of guys who were having a great time, until one of the guys is suddenly struck by lightning and loses his legs and then falls off the bar and breaks his back, then comes to and then he dies.   It was just a bad mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this movie for the first time last night. It was one of those bad movies I have been watching all my life, but it is so long ago I cannot remember how many times I watched it. The opening scene is so stupid, it made me laugh out loud. The rest of the movie is full of stupid characters and bad dialogue. I have to give it a 1.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think I have to give this movie a 9 because I think it's a great horror movie.   It is not for the faint of heart.  The movie does a great job of making the audience believe that this could happen to them.  It makes you scared and uneasy at the same time.  A good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only problem with this movie is that it was made in the late 70s or early 80s.   It doesn't have the "familiar" feel of a "Saturday morning cartoon" movie.  It's more like a cartoon "taste" from the 80s (although not a very good one, as I've already mentioned).   But then, what do I know?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really don't know what to say about this movie.  It's a poorly made movie. I don't care if the actor is named "Johnny Knoxville" and he plays a guy who gets hit by a car.  It's not a good movie at all.    I really enjoyed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the first in a series of movies where a man gets a new car for his birthday, and it is an ugly looking thing, but the movie is good, and the guy in it, with his "bald head" is sooo cool.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So far I have only watched a few of the horror movies in this collection and it was really disappointing. This one had a great premise of an evil doll that comes back to life. I really enjoyed this one a lot, but the movie never gets any better. There were a few good moments, like when the evil doll was playing with a dog or a doll and the dog ran off with the doll. There was a nice scene where the bad guy (the doll) was playing a guitar and the bad guys and the good guys were all dancing. But the movie is so bad that I can't really recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a horrible movie that is not even a good one.   The movie is about a guy who wants to be a cop and has no idea what he is doing.  There is some good and some bad in this movie but the worst thing is that there is no story line.  The story line is a cop chasing a killer and then the cop is killed and his girlfriend and kid are taken hostage.  Thats it.  So the cop goes on a killing spree, kills all the people and then kills himself.  It seems like a very stupid movie.  And it is not the only dumb movie in this genre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I never knew this movie existed. This movie is not worth the time. It is like watching a movie from the 90's and they made it up to look like the 80's. It looks like a bad tv show that was aired when I was a kid. I do not know why they did this. I would rather watch a movie like Rocky Balboa or Indiana Jones. I know that it is a bad film but it is only a bad for the 90s.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you liked this movie then you will like:  B-movie:      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible movie that makes me want to quit the film industry forever.  I think that the movie was supposed to be about a young girl named Jessica who gets kidnapped by the evil witch, who then makes Jessica's stepmother kill her.   I have never heard of a story that made me want someone to kill my daughter.  It was horrible and disgusting and the actors were horrible as well.  This movie made me sick and angry, I will never watch a movie like this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The most boring movie I have seen in a long time!   I am not saying that it is a bad film, I'm just saying that I have never seen anything that is even remotely interesting, which is a problem I have had with a lot of horror films in the past.   So why do I give this a 3 stars?   Because it has a few good scenes, which are good to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was looking for a decent horror movie to watch with my friends and I couldn't find one, so I made up my own. It was a decent movie with some creepy moments, but I felt it was too long.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate to admit it, but The Last Jedi is a very bad movie.   The story is terrible, there's a lot of swearing, and a very generic "hero" and "villain" who is just an annoying guy who's been around forever who never seems to be happy.  A big thank you to the Rotten Tomatoes audience for voting it a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've heard the stories of how this movie started, and I've heard that a young actress was trying to be a star, and she had a great body, but it never made it to the screen.  The director was also a young actor, so this was a good example of how things can go wrong in Hollywood. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been to many of the film festivals, but this one I did not care for. It was a very slow paced film that made the audience feel like they were there in the studio with a film director who had just made a movie that was not of the highest quality. I really thought the movie could have been a lot better if the director would have cut the fat out of the script and used his time to work on a real movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was a bad idea.   It was really a bad film, but it had something that I was always looking for in a movie: the characters were all really interesting and I found myself wondering about their lives.  The thing I remember most about this movie is the "cinematic" style of the story:  I thought the movie had a great style, but I didn't like how the movie went on so long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love the idea of a "horror" movie in which the main characters get together to play a game of hide and seek in the woods and find out who is really the monster behind the mask. I just wish that the actors had done a better job than they did. The acting was terrible, and the whole thing was kind of goofy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I loved this movie, but I'm not sure I would have. The actors were great and the story was good. I also liked the concept of having a family with one parent acting as the father and one as the mother. I found the ending pretty weak and I think that would have been better had the plot been less convoluted. I would love to see this movie again but I don't think it will be in the future.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love to see films that are made by someone who has no artistic talent or vision at all. I love films that can take the viewer on a journey of discovery and insight, and this film is a perfect example. I was in the mood to see the film when I was invited to the home of the director and his wife. I watched the film, and I have no idea how they managed to film a film without the sound in it. I guess that they were trying to make a film about something that is impossible to film, but it was a beautiful film, I would definitely recommend it to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is about a group of three college kids who all meet at a party to play a game. The game was to try and find the secret passageway into the "bunker" that was underground. This bunker had a small army of robots in it. This movie would have been good had they not been so cheesy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have to say that the movie was horrible, not because it's bad, but because it was terrible.   This movie was based on a real story, but it was made for cheap laughs.  This was a movie I was not very pleased to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story was a little predictable, with a bunch of characters, and a few twists and turns along the way.   I do not like it when people like to say that a film is predictable.  The plot is predictable, and that is what is so disappointing about this film.  It had me fooled the whole way through.  I expected more from this film, but the ending is disappointing.  This is not a bad film, it's just disappointing.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie that was made to be funny, but ends up being something else entirely. This is a fun, silly, and sometimes silly, adventure movie. However, this movie is about a man who gets stuck in a time loop for 3 days, and then has to solve a murder he didn't commit.   It seems like a good idea for a time traveling movie, but it doesn't work.  The story doesn't flow, it doesn�t work. It�s really a stupid time traveling film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A big mistake in making this movie. The movie is about a man who kills a bunch of his wife and child. The only bad thing about this movie is that there is no story. It's just a bunch shots of the guy killing people.   I just hope that the producers don't get a good review for this movie because it's terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The last few years of my life have been spent in an almost total state of depression. I've seen a lot of bad movies over the years, and while some of them were good, they never quite held a candle to this one. I was absolutely floored when I heard it would be playing on Broadway. It was, in my opinion, the most shocking performance of the year. I have no idea how he pulled it off, but I'm glad he did. I'm going to go and see it with a group of friends and then I'm off to see the new Twilight film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I loved the movie so much! It's a fun time with great characters and an exciting plot. I'm sure many of you loved it too, because it is a great movie!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I just finished this movie, it is so bad.   This is one of those movies that is so so bad that it is good.  It is just so bad, it would be the worst movie ever made, I mean, I am sure I would love to watch this movie again and again, but every time I think I am going to see something that is going to make me laugh, I keep thinking, oh no, it just keeps getting worse.  I guess this movie is like some sicko in a wheelchair who has to live in a home with his mom, and it is just a horrible story, the worst, worst, ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a classic of the worst kind. It's like an 80's action movie with no fight scenes, bad acting, bad story, bad effects, bad music, bad editing, bad special effects, poor special effects and the worst plot.   What a shame this movie was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was a big disappointment. The writing is so bad that it's not funny. The acting is laughable, to the point that you're thinking that the actors should all be killed.  I can't imagine what the filmmakers were thinking when they cast Robert De Niro, Leonardo DiCaprio and Tobey Maguire.  The film does a pretty good job of making the audience feel like they're being taken for a ride.  The film is not very good, but it's good enough to be entertaining.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was about an Indian girl (Namini) who is visiting the country of her birth (Germany) to learn about its customs and its language. She meets an Indian guy (Kapoor) and they fall in love. After the guy leaves she becomes a slave to a bad guy (Larche).  It is not a bad flick but its definitely not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about this film is the actors who play them.  I mean, who does not love a guy like Mike who wears a cape and has a cane?  He has no reason to be in a wheelchair, and that is not a problem.    The story is not all that good, and is really just a series of flashbacks about Mike being an alcoholic and his son being killed by his father's drunkenness.    The problem with this film as far as I am concerned is that it does not have the power to scare you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The most awful thing about this film is that it's the worst kind of horror.  This film is a complete failure of a film.   It's like the film was made by a drunkard who went to a bar and watched a few horror movies and then wrote them up on a napkin and decided that it would be a good idea to put them on film. This is the worst film ever made.  I'm not even kidding.  This is terrible!    I've watched it five times now and it's just getting worse and worse.  It was an absolute joke.  The acting is terrible.  You don't see anyone talking.  Everyone just goes into a room and kills one another.  Why?  Because that's the kind of people they are!  I don't understand.  All the characters are completely stupid.  They're so stupid that I'm sure they're trying to kill one another in the most ridiculous ways.  There is no real plot to this movie, just a bunch of bad jokes and stupid acting.  That's the only way to describe it.  At one point the main character says "I was a boy once" which sounds stupid. But what makes it even more stupid is when you realise he's talking to a dead girl and he says "you were a boy" then says "she's dead now".   A dead girl!  How is she dead now?  It looks like she's been dead for years.  How can she be dead?   This movie is just plain horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a bad flick. It's a poorly made and poorly acted movie. I really don't understand why someone would have made this movie. It has an almost campy feel to it. It seems like they used a lot of cheap makeup, the acting is very cheesy and the action scenes are so badly acted they're boring.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie.  I'm not going to try to review this movie. There's not enough room for my opinion.  It was a terrible film with terrible acting.  I've never seen anything like it.  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you like a good laugh and a good read, this is the movie for you. The story is a simple one but well written. The acting is very good. The movie is not as good as I thought it would be. It is pretty short. The director does a very good job.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie with a friend who was a bit apprehensive about seeing it. I found it to be a fun movie and it gave me a laugh. It was not bad in the least.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was surprised how good this movie was. It's not a great movie, but I really enjoyed it. I didn't have any problems with the acting. There's a lot of acting, and it's really funny, too.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie so bad I don't even know how to start.  The bad acting, the bad editing, the terrible script, the poor acting, and the bad story makes this a terrible movie.  A little girl has her eyes opened to the world.  The opening scene of the movie is very odd and off putting.  I found myself very confused and lost in this movie. The movie itself was horrible.    There are too many bad actors in this film.  It was obvious that the actors were hired because they could act.  This was the worst acting in a movie I have ever seen.  There are too few actors in a film.   This movie is a real travesty. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If I have one criticism to make of this movie it is that it has too many twists and turns that just make the movie feel rushed.   - May 8, 2012This is bad...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a movie with a good story, and I have to admit I didn't care for the movie. I thought it was a bad film with a bad story, but what can you expect from a movie that comes from the same "I am an American" director as that other one? I have seen the original movie many times, and when I watched this I was a bit disappointed that it had no effect on me. There is one scene that is worth mentioning, but the rest of the film is nothing to write home about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know who made this, but it looks like some guy and his wife got the idea to make a film out of a movie, and made a bad one.  They should've hired a better director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not sure I can explain how bad this movie is.   It's just bad.  No, I'm sure I'm missing something but if you don't like bad movies then you're really not worth my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is a remake of the 1970s movie "The Mummy Returns" in which the mummy from the original movie returns to life and wreaks havoc in the city of New York.   I found the movie to be kind of boring and unoriginal, however it does give us a great scare with the mummy and I think that is the best part of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought it was a really cool concept that would have been cool to see a big bad vampire that would eat people from the outside in and inside out and have them slowly transform and lose their humanity over the course of the movie.   Unfortunately it just ends with the vampire being torn to shreds.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story follows the life of a poor man named Billy, who has the misfortune of being born into a poor family. He has no real family, so he lives with his mother. It's pretty clear that he's a terrible father to his daughter, as she is constantly crying and begging him to go out and play. His response to this is basically that he doesn't have the time, so let's go to the park. The park itself is pretty uneventful, but there are some cute animals that Billy gets to pet. It is, unfortunately, a very dull movie, and a lot of people complained about it. The movie was directed by a woman named Julie Christian, who had made a couple of short films in the 70's, and it is not bad, but not much more than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really liked the film. It had great acting and story. It was very funny and a very good movie. I would recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     It's been a long time since I've been a part of a movie, so when I watched the remake of "The Great Escape" in 2006, I thought it was a masterpiece. And it is, but I thought the remake was too faithful to the original.   And yet, the remake doesn't even try to recapture the magic of the original, because it's a remake of a remake.    It's too bad the movie is so short. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It has a few good scenes, but it just doesn't have enough to make it a good movie.   I give this one a C+
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    - May 16, 2004 "Worthless"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm a big fan of the movie (which is about a woman who goes to the house of a dying man to get his autograph), and it's a fun, silly movie.   But it's about a man who has been in a coma for the last ten years, so when he wakes up, he has no idea what it is like to live.  He lives in the house where he is born, but he doesn't know how to get there.  The only other person who lives in this house is a woman, and she's kind of a crazy person, and he's not sure what to do with her. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't think the movie was bad, but it is! It is not funny at all, it is just a boring movie about a boring character, and a boring story.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film so bad that its premise alone is enough to make it unfit to be watched. The plot is as lame as its plot.  A group of college students are visiting their friend, the director of a big studio. There is a huge production of an old-timey-movie, and everyone is dressed in period costumes.  At the same time, one of the characters is wearing a modern-day "suit" (a dress). The movie is a bit odd.  The only thing about it that I liked was the costumes. The actors are so bad.  I hope this movie never gets released.  Here's a bit of information that will hopefully help you get through this movie: The main character, Johnnie Ray, is a gay man who is the assistant to a man in the movies.  It's a film that has nothing to do with homosexuality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If there is a positive side to this movie it's that it had a very cool premise and some really great special effects.   I mean how can a film like this be called "the worst movie ever made"?   Well it's a pretty good movie in most respects and is a bit like a science fiction version of "A Bug's Life"   But I still don't know why they chose to make this movie about a woman that has a "ladybug" that is made out of rubber that she has to control to keep the insects out of her eyes.  If this is a bad film why did they make a sequel?   Another one I don't like very much is the ending of the film and I think it's very strange.  It's just like they're telling us "Don't worry, there's a sequel coming soon, this is just the first part of it."   And that's just the beginning of this strange ending, we never find out what happens to the ladybug or if she ever actually does escape.  There are a few other bad things in the film, the special effects are very simple, they use a couple of models that are either just flat or are made out to be made out as models, the movie is about a man who is really obsessed with his wife and his obsession is taking a picture of her every time he sees her.  I guess it's just an excuse to have him take pictures of her but it's really not very well done and the models just look like flat objects.  The movie has a bit of a "cinematic" feel to it which isn't really a bad thing, but the movie kind of drags at times.  Another negative thing about the movie would be the music.  While it does have some good tunes in it there are a lot of times when they don't sound like they could have come from a real movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't wait to see this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for an action packed, exciting and visually gorgeous movie, then this is the film for you.  I can't say much about the film because I don't really know how it was made.    It was a very simple plot, but the action was great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this because it was on cable (in the UK). I have seen a lot of bad movies over the years, but this is one of the worst I have ever seen. There is nothing funny about this movie. The acting is laughable, the plot is laughable and the effects are laughable. I would not recommend watching this movie to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad, you'd think they had been hired by someone to make a parody of the old Saturday Night Live sketches, or the MST3K-like film The Muppet Christmas Carol. The thing about these old sketches is that they usually end with the puppet or monster leaving the frame for a moment or two, and then they return. This movie, however, is so bad that it is not even funny. The script is a mixture of recycled material, silly jokes, and a bizarre plot about a creature that resembles a huge bat. And then there is the story. This creature, which we are supposed to believe is from outer space, appears at the end of the movie and decides to take over the planet Earth. The only thing is, he wants to make all the humans into bats. I have no idea what the movie is trying to say here, but it is pretty much incomprehensible. It seems as though the filmmakers were more interested in getting through this movie than making a good one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to sit through this movie because of its terrible acting, horrible script, and the horrible acting is just horrendous.  I mean seriously, the poor guy that plays the guy that is in love with the girl is a bad actor.  He looks like he has a heart attack at any second.  They made this movie for the same reason that they made "Wake in Fright" - They just like to make fun of people and I can tell by their face that it doesn't bother them in the least. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I haven't watched the remake since it came out, but I still think it's a good movie. I don't remember why I haven't seen it since it first came out. I remember I was really excited about it when I heard about it. It was a cool idea. It seemed to me to be a mix of the best of the sci-fi and fantasy genres. But that isn't saying much. I was not a fan of the story. I have always found it a bit odd that a bunch of strangers suddenly find themselves with a lot of extra equipment, including a spaceship, a time machine, a robot, a dog, and even a talking computer. The story is interesting, but it just doesn't seem to work. I found it hard to follow, and I was disappointed in the acting. I am not a huge sci- fi fan, but the fact that I found the story to be so unoriginal and unoriginal just seemed to irritate me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I've ever seen in my life!   This movie is horrible.   It is very disturbing and scary and I can't even tell if it is a film or a live action horror movie!  The movie is made up of different characters from different parts of the world.  In the beginning we see a girl named Jena (played by Jessica Haze).  It seems like she has gone to a "rebel town" to find out what the real war is like.  The film is very graphic and scary, the movie looks like a nightmare come true.  It begins with a woman who is about to have an abortion and then the film cuts to Jena and a little girl (played with no makeup by Jessica Krantz) who are hiding in the closet and are trying to get out when they are discovered.  Jena is screaming and crying as she sees her dead husband.  This is followed by a girl who is in her underwear being raped.  Next we see Jena in the bathroom getting an abortion.  Then we see two other characters, a boy and a girl, who are also about to get abortions.  As the movie goes on we see more characters get abortions and the movie ends with a young girl getting an illegal abortion. This movie was made for an international audience and I hope the filmmakers get caught because it is so bad!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is good, the characters are not bad, the film has some great fight scenes.   I just wish the movie had a little more energy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the first film in a series of "Baretta" films in which a group of assassins take out the President of the United States by blowing him to smithereens. Baretta and his men use their high-powered weapons, but they are so incompetent that they blow up the President and the President's wife, and then are unable to catch the President because he is not there.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is the worst movie I have ever seen in my life! I have never had such a bad time. The acting is horrible! I could not care less if the woman is pregnant or not! She is so boring and does not act in the movie at all. The guy is so dull. He just walks up to the woman and says, "Hello" like a complete idiot. The movie is like a bad version of the Twilight Zone. I cannot believe this movie exists. I guess the people who make these movies are really crazy!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't believe this film exists at all.   It's so bad it's good.  The story is terrible:  A woman goes to a hospital in the middle of nowhere with her husband, a local doctor who's on the way to work.  After waiting hours for the doctor, they're told that his car's not ready and he's got to take the long way home.  I thought to myself "this movie has no redeeming features!"   The wife, I'll let you in on a little secret: she's only in this movie to make a quick buck.  It doesn't take a genius to figure out that the husband is in love with a beautiful girl in the hospital.  Her name is Mary.  This is the first film where I ever found myself thinking "what the hell did I just watch?"   You can tell this was a long time ago.  There's a great scene in this film when the wife and the doctor talk about the "real world" and the wife tells the doctor "my husband is so handsome!"  You could literally see a woman with half a brain coming up with this crap.  But she's sooo hot, and sooo perfect, sooo sexy... I can just picture the husband and the girl...   In all, this film is just awful, and that's saying something... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was really boring. The story was lame, there were too many of them, and the action scenes were boring. I would not recommend this to anybody. I only gave it 2 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As a big fan of The Shining, I found this movie to be a terrible, horrible, horrible movie.   It's basically a retelling of The Great Gatsby, and there's no point to it, besides trying to cash in on that film.  There's a lot of bad acting, and even though the plot is pretty good (a man who was once loved and revered by his friends turns out to be one of the greatest jerks ever), it's basically just a rehash of the plot from the Gatsbys.  I can't believe I ever thought the movie was good, but then I saw how terrible it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie that is not worth the time it takes to watch.   I had hoped this movie would be better, but it's not.  It's not bad, but there are a couple of things that make it a bad idea to watch at all.  I thought it was about a guy who had been shot and wanted to die, so he goes out to a hotel and meets an old woman.  This woman has a gun and shoots him in the back of the head, and he falls out of the window and dies.  Now, this is the first movie I've ever seen where the guy isn't in a wheelchair, or he has a walking stick.  So it's possible that this guy was able to walk, but I don't think it was the case here.  There are a few scenes where he seems to be able to move, but then he just falls to the ground again.  And the other thing is, when they get him to the hospital, they find out he was shot in the head.  Why would he want to die like that?  So, it's a movie where I can't give it a "star".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most recent bad movie to be released, this is the movie you've been waiting for: a movie where a guy who lives in a small town with a wife and two kids, decides to take a trip to the big city, because there are a lot of things he wants to see. First, a bunch of people who look like extras in a movie, in a scene that never seems to get started: a woman trying to convince her boyfriend to have sex with her and a man trying to have oral sex with his girlfriend, who is clearly a guy with a girlfriend. Next, a woman who seems to have taken her clothes off, and then proceeds to walk down the street, while singing "I love it when the boys are drunk" at high volume: she was obviously drunk and was trying to get the guys to stop hitting on her, when the guy she was talking to stopped and said "You should've been the one to get hit on by a bunch guys, not me!" Then there's a guy, who tries to take advantage of a young lady, and who looks like he's drunk, but he doesn't.   So there's that: a bunch people who seem to be extras in movies who all go "Hooray, they're all drunk!"   Then there are the three guys in the truck: they're supposed to be "real" drivers, but they all seem to think they're in a car show, when they actually aren't: they get into the middle of the street and start yelling at a couple of cars to "get out of the way", when they really just want to drive.  It was all a bit much: it made me wish that the people who made the movie had actually gone to a car festival. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film, but it's a really bad movie.  I've seen a number of bad horror films in my day.  The most notorious of which is "Scream" (1987) which has been re-released as a sequel a couple of times.   I have to wonder why it has been so hard to get anyone to go see this.  As I said above, it is a fairly predictable horror film.  It is not so bad that you would lose all interest in the film, it's not bad enough to make you hate it.  But it is not a good film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you want to see a good movie with a bad title, this is it.   This movie is all about the first act:  First the bad:  - It has a silly opening scene, with an old lady talking about her great-grandmother who she never saw die.  - There's a very small cast, most of them are the same actor.  The good:  (1) It's pretty good.  (2) It has some real wit, some interesting character traits, and a sense of humor.  A great start to a bad first film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A film in the vein of 'The Bad News Bears' or 'Pee Wee's Playhouse'. I have to say this film was a complete disappointment. I am sure there are other people out there that have enjoyed it, and perhaps others have enjoyed watching it, but I didn't. It didn't have the charm of the original, but it certainly had the comedy quotient. It also had the charm that you would expect from a film about the "Wacky Adventures of Wilbur and Marvin". I can't say that I had a lot of laughs, but as I have mentioned, it wasn't my favourite. I would rather have seen a good 'Bad News Bears', but as far as 'Wacky' films go, this one was just plain terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The bad part about this movie: This movie has too many scenes where the same people do the same thing over and over again. It is like they were doing the same things in the first scene, then the second, then in the third and then in every scene after that. It's a good movie to watch on a lazy Sunday afternoon, but not a good film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is hard to review a film with a title like The Dark Tower  because, at first, I thought it was a "horror movie".  What I didn't expect was for it to be a horror movie that was more of a "weird" movie than a horror one.  In fact, it is so weird that it is hard for me to describe what I mean.    The plot, which begins in a very dark and mysterious place (the mind of a man who has to kill his wife) gradually becomes more and more disturbing.  As the film progresses, the viewer sees more and less resemblance of the world we know, and more and strange people come into play.  The last half of the film is a complete shocker.  I was in shock myself when I finished the film.  It is a truly bizarre, horrifying and strange film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am disappointed with the movie. I was expecting a horror film with the zombies and all that. But it turned out to be just another boring, dull, and uneventful movie. The ending just kind of sucks. I guess I should have read the reviews before going to see it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie that makes me want to throw my TV out of a window.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was a disaster. It's not a bad film, it's just a bad version of the same movie that has been made so many times over the years.   I can't believe I wasted so much of my life watching this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's pretty clear that it is not intended to be a good movie, and its low budget and amateurish look make it a poor choice for the first feature of a new studio film division.  I like it, but it's certainly not good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. It's also a poor film. This is a film about a kid who gets a hold of a gun that has a laser sight and starts to shoot the teacher and the students in class. I'm sorry, but this movie is not funny at all. There is nothing funny about this film. It has nothing going for it. This movie is bad. The story has no sense at all, the acting is awful, and the directing is horrible. It is an awful film. There isn't a single redeeming quality in this film that is worth watching.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was an insult to all women in the movie. There were a couple of strong female characters that did something to a bad guy.  It was a terrible movie that was not even a movie.  The worst thing about this movie is that they made a movie about the most boring movie ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A couple of years ago I saw this on an airplane. I thought it was a good idea. A woman was taken to the hospital, where she gave birth to a little boy. The child died, and her husband found her. He gave her a little girl, who also died. Then he had another baby.   It was all so awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the best and most ridiculous movie ever made. I mean, seriously, what is this movie supposed to be? I don't know. It's a giant monster movie about a giant beast that turns into a girl when it dies, and goes to college and starts getting laid. It is a really silly movie and it is a very good movie. The movie's concept is really stupid, and it's a good concept. The film does have a lot of laughs, but it also has a few moments of badness. It gets pretty silly at times. I can't say I loved it, but I loved this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first hour is a boring action movie where the villain tries to get his revenge on a group of good guys who did nothing to him.  It's like a bad western or something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad.  It is so bad that even a movie that is supposed to be bad is still bad. And I do mean bad. The plot is bad and I will tell you why.  First, the story is bad because I do not care about the characters.  They are boring.   They have nothing to do with the story.  If you look at it, the movie is nothing but a bunch of people doing nothing but talking about nothing.  The movie is so boring and empty that it makes the whole movie pointless. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very dull movie that is only entertaining because it has no plot and no plot at all.   The only plot it has is the one of a woman who thinks that her husband is cheating on her and that her friends are planning to kill him and then they do it.  I think this is an excuse to have a woman shoot her husband dead.  It's very boring and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty bad movie. The bad acting, bad acting and bad acting make the movie even worse. The worst part is the stupid movie title: "Sleeping Beauty" (sounds like "Sleepy Hollow") and it has been in a few other films like this: "The Wizard of Oz", "Beauty and the Beast" and "Cinderella". I would say that this movie is the worst of the bad ones.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie. The actors and the director don't have any talent for acting, and even though the movie has some decent action, the bad acting and the awful acting is too much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not a huge fan of this movie. I thought the ending was rather poor. It seemed to be more of a comedy than a horror movie. It didn't make me laugh as much as I thought it would. I think it was really just a good way to spend a Sunday afternoon. I am not a fan of horror movies. They don't seem to be very good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen! I have seen worse movies, but this is a terrible, terrible movie. It is supposed to be about a young girl who is in love with a handsome man, and she wants to marry him. But when she meets him, she is horrified to discover that he is not the handsome man she had imagined. It starts out like a love story, but after a while it becomes a horror movie. The girl is forced to wear a dog collar for the rest of her life. It makes her look like a freak and is humiliating. It also makes her feel like a slave. She has to go to work every day at a circus and she is forced by the circus owners to dance in a certain way. The girls are forced to dance to music and the music is awful! And then it gets worse. When the girl is not in a good mood, she wears a mask. The mask makes her appear like a dog. And then the guy comes to see her. She is terrified of him. She doesn't even like him and she doesn't want to marry this guy! This movie is a complete nightmare! I can't imagine anyone watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think the producers of this movie did a bad job of putting the movie together. This movie is about a guy who kills a bunch of people with a knife and then steals their bodies so that he can go to a haunted house and kill more people. He does so, and then he gets caught. This is the best movie I have seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The best horror movie I've ever seen, but there are some really bad ideas in here:    - The main character (played by Kirk Cameron) is not a nice person at all.   He has been diagnosed as schizophrenic and has been in a mental institution for about a year.  This is a story of a man (Kirk's character) who gets involved with a bunch of people that want to steal a large statue from the museum.  There is no real explanation as to how the statue is actually missing.  The guy who stole the statue from "The Lost Statue" in Texas is also in the movie.  He tells Kirk the statue was taken from the "Bath House" in the town of Caddo Texas.  Kirk then goes to find the Bath House, but it turns out the Bath house is in fact the town.  It is a really bizarre movie that is not funny at all, and the story is completely unoriginal. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is about a man who has a wife and a son who is in a coma. His son is his favorite. The doctor who is trying to save his son says that the kid needs to go into a coma for a month or so. So he asks the wife if she would come over and help him out. The wife says no, but she does say that they are going to be there to help.  They do.    This film is just bad.  It is just so horrible and sad.  I have not been this sad in a long time.    I would like to see the wife come over a second time. I would be more sympathetic to the son. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I loved this movie from start to finish, but I did not find it funny at all.   There was a moment where I thought I was going to like it, but it wasn't funny and then the ending was a big let down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't like movies that involve an older guy. This was a terrible movie. I can't imagine what it was like for the people who worked on this movie. It was a lot of hard work to make something that looked good. I'd never have seen the film if I had the chance to watch it again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a reason why this movie has never been made. It is a horrible mess, that could only be produced by a group of morons.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never seen this movie before. I know this is supposed to be a comedy, but I don't think it's funny. It seems like a movie that is made for kids.  The jokes don't make sense and the plot is very convoluted.  The story:    The story is about a group of kids who go to a haunted house to find out who killed their parents.   It is a very silly movie that has lots of laughs and not much depth. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I know a lot of people who have a hard time getting excited about movies about cars. I'm not one of them. I like these movies. I don't know why. They're very well acted. I was actually a bit concerned about the car that we saw. I can't help but wonder why it's always this bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was expecting a much better movie than this. There was a lot of violence and some nudity. It was hard to watch, because I couldn't get into it. I liked the movie because it was well done and had a lot going on. I would recommend it to anyone who wants a good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm a huge fan of movies like this one, the only problem with this movie is that it doesn't really have a story, or a plot, or anything at all.   This is just a story of two young boys (which isn't so bad, they are just young) and their friends playing some games, and it's a fun time.  The music is good, there's a song about a "girl" named Tilly who is in love with a "boy" named Tom.  The only problem I have with this is that the girl Tilly doesn't seem to be a girl at all, she seems to be some kind of a boy.  This makes me think of a certain movie, but I'm not sure if that is the case. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The final act is a complete mess and has the feel of a bad joke with no punchline.  In fact, it was a joke to begin with.    The story is all about a guy who has been trying to find out how to get out of being a car thief.  It turns out that the guy has a wife that has been missing for years, so he sets out to find her.  In the process, he meets a man who is trying to get a woman out of jail.  The guy that he is trying is a lawyer and a former policeman, who is very competent at what he does.  They do some detective work and figure out that he has been in a bank robbery with a friend of his, a man named John Davenport.  He has gone to jail because he was going to give a guy a gun and a box of dynamite and get away with it.  There is a scene in the jail in which they are talking about the case and Davenpaugh asks how the lawyer knew the guy who had been in jail. The lawyer replies that he had a pretty good memory and he figured it out after he was out of prison.  Now that he knows this guy's name, he thinks he has a good chance to get him out of the jail.   He goes to Davenporter's house and tries to get the name out of him, but the guy won't talk.  Davenpirks wife tells him about the bank robbery and he thinks it was done by a man called Jack Davenpere.  But it was actually done by her husband.  She tells him that he needs to talk to the lawyer, who she thinks has a great reputation.  Then, he goes to the bank and finds the place is in a total panic.  This is not a bank that was expecting a hold up, so this is not the first time something like this has happened.  When he goes inside, he is met by a woman who tells him what happened. She says she had just had a baby when the bank was robbed.  After some more detective work, they find out that it was Jack Daugherty.  Jack is a local car thief and the guy he robbed with had given him a gun.  So, when Jack came to get his gun, he did not know that the car was still loaded.  And when Jack comes back with the gun, the bank
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't think of anything more disgusting than this movie. It's a film that's about a group of people who are all on drugs, and the only reason they get the money to do so is because the cops have to give them their earnings from a prostitution ring they ran in a place called "Rumpus". They have a huge amount of money at the start, which they spend on all the drugs they want. One of them has a big party going, and he gets a huge headache, so he goes to a doctor who prescribes him a drug which cures his headache. After the doctor leaves, he's back to being a whoring, and that's how the whole movie starts. The other two are also whores, and are always getting into fights with each other, so it's easy to see why they end up in this mess. The ending is just like every other slasher film, except the ending where they all die is way worse. It would have been better if they'd just been killed by a car or something. I'm sure this movie is just for people who like to see bad people get killed, and I can see how that would be fun to watch, but I can guarantee you it's not a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie that has absolutely no idea what it is about.   It's a war film with no war.  It is not a war movie at all.  I would like to see a movie with better special effects.  If the characters were better, it would be a great movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well I had to write a negative for this film because I felt I was watching a crappy made up story and a movie that had been in the making for far too long. This is a bad, bad, movie that could have been a great film had it been made a long time ago.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a remake of the classic Italian horror film "Necronomicon". This movie is not as good as the original and has a couple of lame jokes.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have not seen this movie in a long time and I still enjoy it, but the actors are way to old and the dialogue is always cheesy. I guess it was written by a middle-aged guy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a bad film.  In the film the protagonist and the other characters are trying to escape from a place where people are tortured and killed.  They're escaping by boat but they're not far enough away from the place to get off the boat.  There is a guy that is trying to capture them.   He has a boat with a giant fish on the top that is able to swim up the side of the boat in order to capture the boat and get the people out of the place.  He uses the fish to get them out.  When he does he tells them to hide in the bushes and to stay there until the fish come back.  After a while the fish do come back and he kills the guy.  The film ends with him hanging from the fish.  It's an obvious attempt to be scary and to make you believe it is a real place.   The film is really poorly made.  You can tell the director did not want to make a good film and so he just made something bad.  But that is the way bad films go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The biggest problem I have with this movie is that the story itself is a complete and utter farce. The movie is about an ancient artifact that is buried deep underground. The artifact is not in the movie at all, but a fake cave painting that is shown by a caveman, who was also a cavepainter. This fake cavepainting is shown to the two cavemen, who have a dispute about which cavepainters is more superior. The two caveman are about equal to each other, but one is a cave artist and the other a cave painter. The one who is a painter claims that the other caveman is an art thief. This is so obviously a complete farce that it is impossible to believe anyone actually believed this story. I don't know why people were fooled by this movie. It is absolutely ridiculous.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the most forgettable movies ever made.   I watched it for the first time around a year ago and I've seen every single movie since then, so I have no clue why I watched this one again.  It was a pretty average movie with a bunch of actors who don't seem to have a whole lot going on in their lives.  I have to say that they didn't have any great lines either, and I was really bored by the whole movie.  The only other thing I really enjoyed about this movie was the fact that it showed the inner workings of a school.  If they had just told it like it was in the movie, it would have been a pretty good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is all over the place.  It takes itself so seriously, it makes the characters look like idiots.  The worst character of all:  This is the guy that the police catch with the guns.  He's the one who starts the whole thing.    I'm glad the movie had to end this way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't say I didn't enjoy this movie at all.  The story and acting are okay, the movie itself is a little overrated.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I never knew I wanted to be a lawyer.   This is not the kind of movie you see a lot of, it's very slow and depressing and very hard to get through.  This film is made to get you to think about what your life could be like if you weren't so unhappy.  I've never seen a movie so depressing and hopeless that I could actually see myself in it.  There's a lot that's going wrong in this film and the only way to get out of it is by making a really big deal of it. The problem with this film is that it's a movie.  The director is a master of the visual medium and has a knack for making the most of it, but this film doesn't have much of a point and never really gets there.  It's just a bunch of people doing a bunch things and doing them poorly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a very bad movie. It is so bad that I don't think it can be rated at all. It has a lot of bad acting, bad direction, and a bad story. I thought it would be a comedy but it turned out to be an awful movie that was funny in a bad way. It was supposed to be a horror movie but I just could not find the horror in it. The acting was very bad, the direction was very stupid, and the story was so bad I was laughing my ass off! I think that the people who made this movie probably didn't like horror movies at all, so they made a bad one. If you like horror films, don't waste your time watching this one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is set in a futuristic world where technology has advanced to the point that we are now able to "teleport" to any place in the world instantly and from any location in the universe. Unfortunately, this ability has been abused by a few rogue scientists who are now using this new technology to kill off millions of people and enslave the rest. It is up to a young, brilliant young scientist to prevent this. The story begins with a scientist who has been granted his wish of being able to instantly travel to any location on the planet at any time. This scientist decides to use this new power to save a young boy from a plague that has been spreading across the planet. Unfortunately for him, the scientist soon finds out that this power also comes with a terrible price. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The "M" in "Mystikal" is an oddity in a bad film. It's the letter "M". The letter "m" is the same letter as the letter C in "Cabaret" (as in "I'm going to Cabaret"). So why is the letter M there? The answer is a rather simple one:  The letter M is in the wrong place. It should be in the "o" of "Mystery". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As far as the acting goes, I'm surprised by the poor work ethic of some of the actors in this movie, such as Robert Blake. I would expect the man who starred in the most terrible film ever made, The Day The Earth Stood Still, to at least do a little more than grunt his way through a bad comedy.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved this movie and I will not get it out of my head until I die.  This is one of the worst movies I've seen.  I could not understand why anyone would want to be in a movie like this.  It is like watching a bad version of a bad game.  There is a very long running gag with the director where he tells the audience that "This is the most beautiful movie you will ever see" and then says something along the lines of "I am so excited that we can now have a black girl in a white movie, I am so thrilled to be here, to be the only white girl here, it is the best, I cannot wait to get out of this film!"  Then when it comes time for the black woman to be interviewed and it is a little bit later, it gets even worse.  After the interview she is then shown on a video screen.  The only reason this was on video screen was to give the audience a glimpse at what the other black people in the movie have to deal with.  If this was a real movie the black women would have been on screen during the entire movie.  Now we are to believe that this movie is so good that the movie is not racist.  Well I hope it was a bad joke that the director made up.  And I hope that the white people were in on it as well.  You know what is so great about this movie?  It has a lot of scenes where the black people talk about how they love the white folks and how much they love white people.  In fact, if you really want to know what black people think of whites, just take a look at the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst of the bad. The movie is a total waste of time.   In the movie you see a bunch of people doing things that are all kind of ridiculous. The only thing that makes sense is that it is the end of the world, but there is no real plot. The bad guys all seem to be a bit of a joke, and most of the movie is just them talking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie about three times, and it is the same thing over and over.  It's all about how a man is supposed to act, but he can't seem to get himself together, or act.    He's supposed to be the "big man on campus" and he can never get his act together.  His "big boy" brother is supposed have more "manly" ideas about life than this man ever has.  It's all a big mess, but I guess the studio wanted a big budget film to show to the investors, and they did.  I liked this movie a little bit when I was a kid.  And now I'm old enough to see the bad things about movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the first bad movie I've seen.   The only reason I can call this a bad film is because the characters are all terrible, the acting is all over the place, the plot is so terrible it would be funny if the plot weren't so awful.  This movie takes the basic premise of a man having a heart attack in a bathroom, and turns it into a disgusting and ridiculous cartoon.  I've never seen anything so pathetic and so dumb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping to see this movie, because I've seen a couple of his films, and I've enjoyed them.  And while it is an interesting and entertaining movie, it's nothing more than an interesting, entertaining movie.    I wouldn't even recommend it to my friends, unless they're the type of people who love watching funny films with a little more substance than a little slapstick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have to admit, I was a bit surprised at the lack of a real story in this movie, the movie is based on the novel of the same name written by the great Stephen King.   It is a dark story about a small town that is completely overrun by zombies.  It takes place in an idyllic little town in Maine.  The main character is a guy named David Palmer who is a high school student.  He is also the town drunk who is totally addicted to the beer from the local liquor store.  In his free time, he hangs out with his friends and has a few adventures.  What is a bit surprising is that the movie does not seem to be very good.  There is a lot of blood and gore but it doesn't really add anything to the story.  I am a sucker for a good zombie movie, and this is one of the better ones out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty bad movie.  The plot is laughable, the acting is awful, and the whole thing is completely unrealistic.  In the beginning we are told that the bad guys are going to kidnap a young girl.   They have a plan to drive a car through the school playground, and they have a huge car.  They also have a guy with a knife, who has a bad attitude.  The bad guys drive to the school, and hijack a school bus.  And they kidnap the girls, too.  But the girls are not very smart, and all the boys are afraid of them.  Then they drive around with the girls until they get to a town.  We're told it's the middle of nowhere.  In the town, they drive to a bar and get drunk.  It's a horrible movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is so bad that I actually started laughing during the first minute. It starts off with an old man walking into his garden, then he hears a knock on his door. He opens the door to see a little girl who asks him for some money. He tells her he is very poor, and she starts to laugh at him, then the little girl runs away. When the old man asks her where she went, she just says, "I don't know." The old man looks at his cane and then walks off into the distance, but he is so sad that he has to stop to cry, then his old friend shows up and he takes the little girls hand and leads her back to the man's house. This is followed by a scene where the little old man is sitting in his porch and he sees a little boy run by and he goes to catch the boy and they both run off. It is followed up by a very creepy looking creature that is dressed up like a man.   He asks the little boy what he is and he says, ""he's a man." The creature is like a little man, and he sits down next to the old guy and whispers something to him.  This ends with the old dude getting the little boys hand and walking off into his house. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the end, the whole movie was really lame and unoriginal. I don't know why they were even trying to do this. I was so sick of them at this point. I know I'm not the only one who thought the movie sucked.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I loved the film so much, that I have had it in my queue for weeks. It has a great soundtrack. The actors are really good. I hope the sequel will be better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is predictable as shit. There's a guy (a good guy) who lives alone and he meets a girl who he falls in love with, and she's also a guy who lives by himself. And then they start a relationship and he ends up marrying her and the story ends there.  And then they end up married and then they have a kid. And the kid turns out to be a girl, and then the movie ends there, and so does the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are a few decent moments in this movie. It is not a good movie, but the acting is decent and the script is good. I think it was a good idea to make a movie about a woman who can see ghosts, but I can't believe the budget. I don't think I've seen a movie like this in a long time. It seems to be a long running project that has not been made a sequel or a remake. I hope this movie never gets made.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete piece of crap.  I'm not sure if it was just bad luck or what but the whole movie is just bad.  I really do not understand what happened.    I mean, it's a movie about a woman who has an abortion and it ends up going horribly wrong.  If it were any better than this, it would be a classic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem with this movie is that it is so very wrong and wrong-headed.  It's like a "what if" movie about a young woman who gets caught up in the political turmoil of the day.    It's the same "what-if" movie I've been writing about since the 1980s, when the Democrats were trying to get the "anti-war" crowd to vote against the war with Iraq, when they were still trying to prove to the American people that they were better than the Republicans, and when the Republicans were still afraid to take the risk of voting against the President and the Vice President.  I've always been amazed at the way that "what's-if-what-would-happen" movies always manage to be a farce.  It is always the "what would have happened if you hadn't done X" that is most amusing.  The real surprise, however, comes when you realize that this is the actual history that the President had to deal with.  So, when he's faced with a political crisis, he does the only thing he knows how to do: He tells the truth.  Unfortunately, the truth doesn't really matter much to the average voter.  He just wants to know what would have been if he had not been so stupid as to start the war in Iraq.  At one point in the movie, you actually get the sense that there are no two ways about it:   I think that we are in the midst of a really bad war.  For the record, I think we should be withdrawing from Iraq.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As a movie lover I thought that this was a great movie. The film had good action and was well shot. I was amazed at how much violence could be packed into the story. I loved how the film ended. A beautiful, sad, dark movie that I will always remember.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was so bad, I couldn't believe I just watched it. I don't know if the filmmakers were drunk, or what but the acting was so laughable that it is difficult to know what to say. I was laughing so hard at how bad they could get it. It really is hard to be a decent movie director, and I have to say, I don´t know why the studio released it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie I've ever seen! The acting is all terrible and the plot is a complete disaster. The first scene is a long, boring boring scene with nothing happening. Then we're supposed to believe that the whole movie is the story of a young man trying to figure out what his father is doing. The problem is that it is the movie, not the story! The movie doesn't even explain what it's supposed to be about. It doesn't seem to be saying anything at all! It seems to be an exercise in bad acting and bad direction! I'm sure this was filmed with the best of intentions, but this is a real embarrassment! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate this movie. It has absolutely no redeeming features whatsoever. If this movie was actually about anything else, it would have been hilarious and entertaining. But this is not about anything other than a bunch of guys that get high, drink a lot of alcohol and get really stupid. The film is really just a bunch jokes about how high the guys are. It's like they're trying to get their faces off. The plot is a bunch more jokes about drinking and how they get high and how the whole movie is a parody of the high life. The worst part of the film is the horrible acting. There are no actors in this film. The entire movie is just a group of guys doing the same jokes over and over. They all have the same voice, same face, same attitude and same body language. The music is also really bad. I have never laughed so hard during a movie. The acting in this movie is so bad that I would think the actors had been paid to do it. There is no point to this movie other than for the guys to get high. This is not a movie that I can recommend.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot revolves around a couple (Derek and Nicole) who decide to buy a house in the suburbs. They're looking for a good neighborhood with good schools and they find that in their neighborhood there's an unusually high number of children with various medical problems. The problem is that they can't find a good doctor to treat their kids. When they ask their neighbors about a good physician, they get the same reply: "We don't know where he lives. He's not here any more." The couple decide to set out on a cross-country road trip in search of their physician and the movie starts off with some great scenery. Derek is a nice and well-meaning but naive young man who wants to get the best for his kids and it's clear that he's trying to get into a good school. However, the movie quickly becomes predictable and it becomes difficult to relate to the characters because of their many quirks. Derek has a fascination with motorcycles and it quickly becomes obvious that he has no interest in actually getting his kids to ride. He even gets into a motorcycle accident and ends up in the hospital. I don't think I've ever been so disappointed by a movie.   It also becomes obvious to me that the movie was shot in a poorly lit house in a very dark apartment complex in a city that's basically the same as the one in which the movie takes place. The camera never moves beyond the same few houses in a town that's so small that the characters can barely see each other at times. There's some good shots of cars and other scenery but the camera never really shows us the people who live there.  :  I found the movie to be very boring. The characters are boring, the story is boring, and the directing is boring. This movie is not only boring, but it's also stupid. The movie spends a lot of time setting up the characters, the setting, and then spends even more time on a very boring road trip. It's hard to believe that a movie like this could even be considered good. I have a feeling that the only reason that this movie is even on the DVD is because of the fact that it's in the "Best Of" section of the "Horror" section at Best Buy. It was also featured in a segment on "The Tonight Show" on the Halloween night of 2006. I had never seen this movie before and I can't imagine why I'd want to see it again. It doesn
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie and a bad film at that.  The movie has no concept at all.    There is a story about a man who is trying to get home from work and his dog.  The dog gets run over by a truck, but the man doesn't think that's a big deal.  In the truck are some people who are trying to steal a car.  They are trying very hard to get away from the police, but they are getting further and further away.  There are many scenes that are not even remotely interesting.  You could not find a movie that is even close to this one.  It's like watching a bad TV movie.  If you like a bad joke and a big bad truck, then you should get this one and then go back to watching bad TV movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie sucks!  I don't understand how they thought this was a good idea, but they did!  I don'st like the movie,    The writing is bad and the acting is bad.   I have to say I don't like the look of this movie!   This is the first time I have seen a movie that has "pizza" as the main ingredient and the only time I see that word used!  I can't see a pizza being used as a weapon!  The pizza was just an excuse to put the movie on!  They tried to make a movie out of a cartoon!  This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It has a lot of great scenes, but they are not nearly as good as the ones in "Lionheart". This film is all about a man who gets so desperate that he tries to commit suicide by taking a bullet to the head. It is very bad, it is so bad that it is not funny at all. If this movie were made today, I wonder if anyone would be interested.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie by a bad director. I have never seen a movie so bad. There is so little going on, and the acting is just so bad, you can't believe you are watching a movie. If the director had done a decent job he would have made a movie that was worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved this movie. It was a good film. I have no complaints about this movie or the director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The actors look like idiots, the dialogue is awful, and the plot is laughable. It takes place in the 70s in an old people's home, where a group of old people have taken in a new family (who are all of about the same age). There's a lot of tension between the family and the "young" family. The father is so jealous of the younger family that he does whatever he can to keep the old family away from them. There's also a lot more sex in this than the average 70s horror film. This film should be rated R, but instead is rated R because of its low budget and lack of talent.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate to say it, but I've got to give it to the filmmakers for the effort that they put into this movie. The only real problem I have with this movie is that the plot is so lame and stupid that it doesn't even qualify as a bad film. If you're a fan of The Godfather, and don't want to see anything like that again, then this is the movie for you. I'm still trying to figure out how this movie was made. The worst thing about it is that they have to take all the dialogue out. I know this is a comedy and I'm not sure how they managed to get through all of that dialogue.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie has a very cheesy feel to it, and at times it's so cheesy that it feels like it was made to be funny. The movie's story revolves around a group of "Cockneys" who travel to Italy to celebrate their anniversary.   This movie is not funny and does not try to be.  It's a very generic movie about a group that goes to a country to celebrate a wedding and the wife decides to go out of town for a few days.  Unfortunately this leads to an awkward situation when the couple wants to have sex.  The story is pretty good though and I found it to be entertaining.  I would recommend this movie to those who are looking for something with a little humor to it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay horror movie, but there is nothing special about it. The actors are good, and the music is good, but that is about it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen a lot of bad movies, but this one is a new low.  If you're going to make a movie about a man who has no hands then don't make it a comedy.    It's about a guy who is trying to get a job and then get rid of his hands so he can do the job right.  The movie opens with this scene: And here's the scene in the hospital after the guy has had his hands surgically removed: In a lot  of ways this movie is kind of an update on The Rocky Horror Picture Show 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a travesty. It takes you through the most bizarre and boring part of a horror movie in a matter of a minute. The special effects are very crude, but not bad. This is one of the worst movies ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really horrible and I was wondering what is the point of the movie, and why they did this. I mean the story is really bad, it seems like the movie tries to have something interesting with this movie, but it just makes me laugh so hard.  But it is all just so bad, I have to laugh at it all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not a fan of this movie. It just wasn't my thing. I mean, there were so many bad ideas in here I was ready to quit watching the movie at the end, but it didn't work out that way. It's one of those movies where the bad ideas are bad, but the movie has a way of making you look at the bad idea in a new light, a way that you can see how they're not really bad ideas. They're just bad movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is good but not good enough to warrant the movie's existence.   As a kid I used to be fascinated by the story of the Three Little Pigs.  And now that I am older I am no longer fascinated. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie's main theme is that the world is falling apart, but the only way to save it is to embrace all the things that are good about it: life, family, music, and God.   So, for the first half of the movie, the main characters go to church, which is the only thing that can save the world.  It's all well and good, until the church gets taken over by the evil church lady, who then starts having sex with the men at the church.  In the middle of the night, they discover that God is not dead, but rather has left his body to be reborn into the form of a woman, who will then kill the evil witch.  And so the good guys get together to save the day, with the help of the good music.  Unfortunately, that's not all.  The evil witch has her hands full with her sex slaves, as well as with her husband who is not much of a guy.  So it gets ugly in the end.  That's the only movie I can think of where a young woman and a young man are actually in love.  I was disappointed with the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a piece of crap.  I'm surprised there aren't more reviews of this.  I think I'd have been more annoyed at the actors' poor acting than the movie.    I'll probably never see this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't believe I watched this movie, I think it is an absolutely terrible movie and I'm going to tell you why:  The movie starts with a beautiful woman who is about to get married to a man she just met.  This man has a heart attack, and he dies in front of her.  The only other person in the whole movie is a priest who tells this woman that he doesn't believe in the afterlife, and that he'll be cremated.  Then he tells her that the priest's wife will get to go with him to the afterlife.  What a horrible thing to do to a poor guy like that.  After she has been told this, she and her man go off to the cremation.  She is very upset, and so is her man.  Finally, the priest comes back to tell them that he has been cremated, and is now in Heaven.   It's just terrible.  Why did this movie have to be made?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was a very bad movie.  If you like bad movies, you will enjoy this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie that you could only watch once. There are some very strange moments that seem like they have been stolen from the movie The Thing. The movie has a lot of dialogue that sounds like it came from a bad sci-fi movie and it is very bad.  I think it is an insult to the memory of the late Frank Langella to have this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a story about a young man who is so desperate to get laid that he kidnaps a woman, rapes her and then kills her.   The ending is very lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time.   It's one of those "bad movie" movies where it feels like a low budget production.  It was a fun movie until the last 20 minutes when it became all about the "puppy play" thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A boring and stupid movie that tries to be funny but ends up looking like a cheap parody of a "B" movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a "real" science fiction movie.  That is, a film about a group of aliens living in a distant planet that is a part of our solar system.    They have an interest in creating a human-like civilization on this planet.  We don't get a lot of time to get to know the aliens.   The first scene shows the crew being attacked by a ship that is very different from anything we have seen before.  The film moves along at a fast pace as the crew tries to escape.  It is very reminiscent of some of the more recent science fiction movies, like The Day the Earth Stood Still.   The main character is a scientist named Michael (Dennis Quaid).      He is played by Quaid, who is well known for his role in the hit comedy Groundhog Day.  Quaid has the same physical build as his character, but he seems to have a more serious character.  He is a very good actor who is able to convey the emotions of a man who is struggling with his own emotions.  Michael is very good at hiding his emotions.   I did not find Michael's personality very interesting.  I liked the alien species, but the characters were very uninteresting.  At one point in the film, the characters decide to use the planet as a training ground, but they do not appear to have any real interest in human beings.  A lot of scenes are wasted because of these characters.  Even though the aliens are very different, I do not think they are more interesting than the humans.  One of the characters is an alien with a big nose, a large forehead, and huge ears.  While this alien does not have any character development, he does have a funny line.  After the alien leaves the planet, we get to see another alien who is just as ugly as the first one.  This alien is played very poorly by John Lithgow.  Lithgow has very bad acting skills, and he doesn't look good at all.  These aliens seem to be made out of clay, and they are just not very interesting to look at.  What is even worse is that this alien is not very funny.  Another character, a woman played by Sigourney Weaver, is a space cop who is on the run from an alien who has captured her daughter.  Weaver seems to be a very well developed character, and she
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to say much about this movie, but I'll just say that it's a big, fat, cheesy, stupid, and awful movie.  It's like a combination of The Big Lebowski, The Mask, and a scene in the first episode of "Lost" with The Simpsons.  There's nothing to laugh about here, but that's not what's so great about it.   A big, dumb, sloppy, and sloppy movie with no sense of style whatsoever.  The film is so big and stupid that it almost feels like a bad TV series with a stupid premise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this movie on the way to my mom's house for a movie night with a bunch of friends. I didn't even get to see it. My dad said to me that he thought the movie was a bad idea and said to watch it in his theater with a movie projector. I told him I wouldn't and walked out. I have never watched a bad film so bad it was funny.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a great movie.  I'm a fan of horror and the "Twilight Zone" and I thought this movie had it all.  I watched the movie at midnight and got into bed as soon as it ended.    It was one of the most disturbing movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a huge Star Wars fan.  This movie is bad.    The bad part of the movie is the writing.     They could've done a lot better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst film I've ever seen in my life. It's really bad. It was the same bad movie I've seen a hundred times before, and each time I watched it I was sick.   I think it's a cheap idea and the director should be ashamed of himself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm going to be a little bit harsh on this one. This movie is terrible. It's not bad for the sake of badness, and it's certainly not good for the cause of bad comedy. This isn't the sort of movie that's going to get anyone in hysterics, and I don't think it was ever meant to. The first thirty minutes are all fairly standard, with the cast playing a bunch of very standard, very silly games, including "The Stairway to Heaven." I found it a bit jarring that the guy who plays God isn't wearing a trench coat and driving an old car, because that would have made him much more believable. The jokes are also pretty generic and predictable, with a few good ones (the "Bless you" line, for example) but they're pretty standard and forgettable. As for the plot, it's pretty simple. There's a guy who wants to marry his best friend's daughter, and a girl who has been with this guy since she was a baby. The guy wants her, the girl wants him, and the whole thing just sort of goes on and on and then comes to a weird end. There are a couple of good gags, like the guy getting all his money back from a casino and then having to pay for a new dress. But that's about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The bad guys are always so out of control that they end up taking the hero and the whole movie with them.   And, like the rest of the movies on this list, the end is a surprise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was supposed to be a remake of the classic "Dirty Dancing" but instead, it was "The Nutty Professor" with a bit more sex and drugs, a bit less singing, and the same tired "the world is on fire" theme song.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not so much a bad film as a film that doesn't deserve the title it's given:   This is one of those bad films that has to be seen to be believed.    This is the first film I ever saw where I felt the audience had lost its capacity for sympathy.  This was like watching a sadistic teacher with an obsession for a particular pupil.  The child was always in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was about a boy named Jake (Matthew McConaughey), who discovers his family's gold, but then loses it. He tries to find it, but is caught by the sheriff.   I was really disappointed by the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this is a good film, but it is still not much to write about, as it's mostly just a bunch of scenes of two men having sex, which isn't bad at all.  The real star of this movie, however, is the movie itself.    The story is simple, and the acting is good, but the story itself isn't particularly good.  I wouldn't say it's really that bad, but there are a few scenes that are kind of boring.  The main character, George, is a really bad guy, who seems to only care about his own sexual needs.  When he's not doing that, he seems to be in a really good mood, but then he's in a bad mood again.  He has a lot of sex with women, and is constantly bragging about it, even when he's sleeping with a woman who has been unfaithful to him, and he says that he has never slept with a man who could give him a better orgasm than she could.  This kind of thing makes him a bad guy to the women around him.  But the movie isn't really about George, it's about his sister.  She's really beautiful, and her sexuality is not very developed.  Instead of getting laid all the time, she sleeps with men who are in her way, and she's constantly having sex with men.  And her personality is also kind of a joke, as she's so insecure that she can't tell the difference between her sister and a man she doesn't even know.  Her best friend is a woman, and this woman is the main character in the movie.  In the beginning of the movie, she's not very nice, and in fact, when she gets upset about something, she doesn the classic "pissed off sister" look.  Now I have a feeling that the movie was a lot harder to write than it is to watch, because there was a great deal of exposition to be had, but I'm still glad I saw it, because I didn't find the movie all that bad.  It's not the worst movie I've ever seen, but if I were looking for a good erotic movie, I would have to go to a sex shop and ask for a copy of The Seven Year Itch.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just can't stand this movie.  If this was the end of the story, I'd probably be okay with it.  I have never heard anything so terrible, so lame, so stupid and so cheesy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only thing that I can say about this movie is that it's a good looking movie, but it's not really a great movie. It's about a guy who was trying to get into a nightclub in a bar where the bouncer tells him he can't be there, because he's not on his list of people who can go in. So he goes and asks the owner to change the name of the place to a strip club. This is about 20 minutes into the movie. I'd like to see more of the story, and more of a good cast, because I'm not sure how much of the movie will appeal to anyone who's seen the original. I have seen this movie on TV a couple of times and the dialogue is pretty good, but the whole movie is just bad. I'm going to give it a rating of -1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I didn't feel like I had to work at this movie at all, because it was really funny. But it's still a bad bad movie."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The worst movie I have ever seen.   It was a poorly acted piece of trash.  And this is not a bad film to watch, its just bad.  The only redeeming quality of this movie is the voice acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is the worst horror movie I've ever seen. I'm not sure how it got a PG-13 rating, but this film just screams "gross" and is extremely scary. I'd recommend this movie to anyone who hates to be scared and who likes bad horror movies.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's not much of a plot, as the movie is simply a glorified home movie with a bunch of kids doing silly things.  I guess the kids are the stars of this movie, but they are never allowed to be the stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film with a bad cast. The movie is poorly acted, poorly directed, poorly written, poorly shot and poorly acted. The film is nothing more than a cheap gimmick, with a poor script that is completely incoherent. The plot is a mess, with no sense of purpose or plot development. There is nothing exciting about this film, it is not a bad flick, but a bad one at that. I hope the producers of this film are so ashamed of their terrible failure, that they throw it all in a trash can and never look back.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A horrible movie that will leave a bad taste in the mouth.   This is a terrible movie that has no story and no plot and only the actors are doing anything but acting.  This movie is bad in every sense of the word. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad that I thought I had died and gone to heaven. The story is the same old story of a man who has fallen in love with a woman. They are married and live in a nice little house with their family. One day the wife gets sick and dies. The man feels terrible and goes out and buys some kind of a magic potion. The wife's spirit comes to him and he falls in love. The only problem is that she is not really his wife. She is a very evil witch who kills all the men that she meets. When the wife returns she takes her husband and goes to hell with him. I did not like the movie at all. I would like to have seen the woman come back with her husband. That would have made the movie better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't remember much about this movie. I guess it was shot in a theater and maybe it was a little cheesy, but I didn't care.   It was the first time I'd ever seen a movie with a happy ending. I mean, after this movie, there's no way I'd watch another happy ending happy ending movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie that makes you want to rip your hair out and throw it against the wall.  It is a pathetic, self-indulgent, pathetic, pathetic excuse for a movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know there is a lot of bad movies out there, and it's easy to get caught up in the hype. But I have to say that this one is not one of them.  A few minutes after the opening credits have ended, a group of guys with guns show up on the front lawn of a home, and start shooting at everyone, including an elderly man, and a couple of women. They then set up camp, and set a fire, and make some campfire s'mores, and cook some.   It's very sad, but it's not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first thing to note about this movie is that the lead actress, a really beautiful young actress, is a woman who is very well endowed and does not shy away from showing it in the movie. She is an interesting and good actress who is not afraid to show her big, beautiful tits. However, when you have to show breasts you do it in a manner that is not vulgar and that is why I thought this movie was not bad at all.   There are a few moments that are kind of "cliche" but overall the movie is not bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is not a very good film.   This is a film which is not very interesting.  It has a lot of characters, most of which are bad guys.  One of the bad guys is called The Mummy, who seems to be an immortal mummy.  He does a lot more than mummify people.  His evil is just as bad as The Frankenstein Monster.  The story is interesting, and there is a good twist at the end.  But it does not have a good ending.  A bad ending, with a bad character, and a bad film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't remember seeing this movie in a theater. The trailer looks like a crappy horror flick. The movie opens with a woman walking through the woods. She finds a dead body on a ledge, and then starts to crawl up to the body. The camera pans around, and we see the woman's legs start to wiggle, and it looks like her legs are making a creaking sound. She crawls up, and starts to make the sound again. It seems to be getting louder and louder. Then we see that the legs of the woman are actually moving, and she's making that creaking noise again. At this point the woman stops and starts screaming. It looks like the film is about the woman and her creepy friend that she keeps seeing. It starts to go downhill from there, and the film ends in a terrible way.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seems like the scriptwriters were trying to make this a "daredevil" movie. I was surprised when I got it because I was expecting a little more action. But it was still kind of lame. It was really only a good idea that got blown out of the water. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If I had the opportunity to see a movie that would never be made again, it would be this one.   I loved it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad. This is not a bad film, but it was poorly made. The acting was not great, and the plot was very boring and uninteresting. The characters were just so unoriginal. And, the director just kept making the same kind of stupid jokes and terrible music. The film was so poorly made, that I am almost tempted to give it an 8 rating. The only reason I gave it a 6 is that I loved the music, so that's the only reason. It is a bad comedy, and you should try to avoid it if you don't like bad movies.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that a movie like this is so bad, I can only hope that someone gets a hold of this and releases it on DVD. The best movie I've seen in a while.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The whole movie was kind of boring. The only thing I really liked about it was that it showed the different ways people can lose their minds and act crazy.   I can't say it's a good movie, it's not bad by any means, but it's definitely not one I'd recommend to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was just another bad horror film that didn't have anything new to offer. It wasn't scary at all, but it was a cheap and cheapy horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is not a good movie. I don't understand why they used the same song for both scenes and I am wondering what happened to that other movie they made called " The Lost Generation " where they got some pretty good actors to play the part of some kids in the 60s who lived in a time when people were still trying to get a hold of their sexuality and had to fight against a bunch of mean men.   It's also not funny. It's very dull and a bit ridiculous. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What an utter shite this movie is. I'm surprised the movie was actually released, the movie doesn't even have a plot, there are scenes which just have no logic to them and no real purpose at all, the acting is also very poor and is really not even believable, the only good thing about this movie would be the music but there is no real song which is sad because there should be at least one good song in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst thing about this movie is that it is only 90 minutes long.   It's like someone in a black hat was put on to do this job. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  We have come full circle to this, and it's an embarrassing episode to have to endure.  We start with an old lady having a heart attack, and a very young girl running to her mother's bedside.   Then we see the elderly lady lying on her side, dead and alone, with a baby in her arms. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is not that I disliked it. I do not like the way they made it. There are some nice moments but there is too much bad acting. I would not recommend this movie to anyone, it is a mess and I would rather not see this again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think this movie is so bad that it's hard to believe it is made by the same people that made  . If you are a fan of the old films, especially those that starred Ray Milland, then you will love this one. The acting was poor and the music is not that great. The movie could have been better if the plot had been better, and I can't believe that this was the last movie that Milland ever did.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So I have been told a lot of times that I will love this movie but I am not so sure. I thought the movie was so bad I didn't even want to watch it, I knew the ending was going to be something like the ending of "The Shining" which was bad. I was hoping for something more than this. I mean I guess it was a comedy so that is a good thing but it is still not something that is worth seeing.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not a bad flick.  I would say the movie is like a horror movie.    I really enjoyed it!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A terrible film that only exists to bring the same old story to the screen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a let down.   The script is all wrong and so is the way it is presented.  It is like a "mockumentary" with little real drama to make it interesting.  There are no good actors in this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad bad movie.  I hate it.   It's terrible.  It was bad to the point where I thought it was a parody of the film "Dances with Wolves".    I'm sorry, I didn't want to review this.  But I just had to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that was made in the 80s. The idea of a "humanoid" with the brain of a cat is not the worst thing you can come up with. The acting is terrible. The music is horrible. The ending is not even funny. It's just terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have to give a bit of a rating for a movie that I really don't see how a studio like 20th Century Fox could get away with a movie like this.   The story is a typical, "what would happen if the world's first nuclear bomb exploded in Los Angeles?" sort of story. The world's leading expert on nuclear warfare has just been assassinated. He had just finished writing a report for the president of the United States on the possible effects of a nuclear attack on Los Angeles.  This is all told in a voiceover by a character who has been living in Los Angles since the 1950's and who is played by Tom Cruise.  It's a story of two families.  The first family is the Hughes family.  They have the most powerful computer in the world.  While it is being used to plot an invasion of Los Angeles by the forces of General Zod.  Then it turns out that this computer is actually an advanced supercomputer designed to be used in the future by a group of scientists that are developing new weapons.  When the supercomputer is attacked, it has no idea what is going on and it is not able to use any of the weapons that are being tested on it.  That's all the plot of the movie.  But the real meat of the story is the character of "General Zod" who is the leader of the Zod Nation.  He is the bad guy of the film.  In the movie he is a man who is obsessed with weapons. He wants to use the power of the bomb to take over the world and he has even designed a machine that is able to be powered by the nuclear bomb.  And the best part is that Zod knows the bomb is on the way.  So he decides to have a "nuke party" to show off his new nuclear weapon.  What he doesn't know is that the bomb was already there and he was being used by the scientists in the government as part of a scheme to use this bomb to control the world in order to get back at their enemies.  Oh, and don't forget about "Dr. Strangelove".  This movie was a complete failure.  I thought it was a waste of time.  Maybe they didn't have a lot of time to make the movie because the movie was supposed to come out a year before the release of "Superman".  But maybe this was the fault of the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a big horror fan but this is a very bad movie. I just had a hard time watching it because it was just too bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie has a great concept: you're a little girl who's lost in the woods and needs to be rescued by a little boy who is hiding out there with his father. The boy is the hero of the movie and his father is a very funny character, so it's a real joy to see them together.   I have to admit that I really liked this movie and it was a fun little romp through the woods, even though I think there are better ones out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad bad movie.   It is a boring story about a stupid man who decides to visit a country that he has never been to and he goes through a whole bunch of bad things that are supposed to happen in a foreign country.  He finds a guy and a girl and they start a relationship but it goes south and it all seems like a very unoriginal story.  It starts off with the main character getting attacked by a group of wild animals and then he gets attacked by someone else.  What I found the most unoriginal about this movie is that it doesn't really take a big risk in telling a story like this.  There are some very obvious plot holes and the story does nothing that is original.  The only original thing that I found about this was that it was written by a guy who was on TV a lot in the 80's and 90's and then a movie came out that was similar to the one he was on so he thought this would be a good idea to try and make a movie about it.  Overall it is a pretty bad movie that just does nothing interesting or funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I did not think that this movie was going to be good, but boy, was I wrong!   It starts off with the characters sitting on a porch in a little cabin. They are talking about something, but then a guy walks out of a cave.   He looks like he's about to die.  I was hoping that they would use a special effect in the next shot, but no, they use a normal shot, and that was not going to cut it.  They do some shots of a girl, but the whole time it is in the cave, so there is no surprise when she gets out.  There is no sense of danger or suspense, and even when she escapes she's still in a cave!  The movie ends when she runs out of the cave and the guy falls off the cliff.  The rest of the movie is a reenactment of the man getting killed.  It would have been better if they had done it in a different direction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a very strange movie and it's kind of weird. There are so many weird and sometimes weird looking people in this movie. And I was never able to figure out if they were aliens or people from the future. I guess the movie does have a point. I can't wait for another sequel, probably by the time I'm 30.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a horrible movie. It's horrible that the producers decided to take a piece of shit that has been making a bad reputation for decades and make it into a bad, bad movie. This is a film where every scene has to be played as if you were in a horror movie.   You see, this is a piece that is about a group of men who get together to go on a road trip and have a night out. Well, one of the men goes into a motel and discovers that the girl he's with is dead. He starts to wonder what happened to her, so he goes back to the motel to check out what happened. The rest of the movie follows the road trip as a bunch of bad guys get into trouble. They're all just awful characters, and the one thing that makes them all worse is the fact that the story doesn't tell us who these bad guys are. They don't have names or any clue as to what they are. This makes it even worse because it makes it seem like they're just walking down the road and then the next scene is them all being slaughtered by some killer or other.   The story is so bad that even the actor who plays the lead, a guy named Mike, couldn't help but be disgusted by it. The only good thing about the movie is that it's got some good performances from all of the actors, and I'm sure there are plenty of people who'll be able to identify with the main characters.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a very bad movie. The whole movie is about the guys going out to the lake to get a woman. This movie has absolutely no plot. They go out to get the woman and come back and they have sex. The sex is good for a couple of minutes but it goes downhill from there. The guy's friend comes over to the girls house and the girl and her friend start arguing and the guys friend punches the girl. The girl starts to cry and runs to her house. The guys friend goes after her and they end up on the couch. The movie cuts to the next day and the guy's buddy comes over. He tells them that they need to get out of town and the girls friend tells him that they don't have to leave. The next day the guy and the chick's friend are still arguing. They start to kiss and the chicks friend starts to make out with the guy. They both have sex but it is terrible. The two girls start to argue about it. The dude's friend tells them to stop arguing because they will both get pregnant. The girls friend and the dude's buddy have sex and then have sex again. The chick's boyfriend comes over and he is a complete jerk. He is a total jerk. The only time he even tries to be nice to them is when they are making out. The other guys guy comes over, gets mad, and leaves.    There are a lot of other scenes in this movie that don't really matter at all. The main character is an asshole who is a drunk and is very arrogant. The woman is a fat fat girl who is the girlfriend of the main character and then gets drunk and then she tries to sleep with the dude. The girlfriend gets a job at the store and the girlfriend's friend and her dad are all very nice to her and try to be supportive. The scene where the dude and the woman have sex in the store is just awful. The man is like a complete psycho and the women is just a little bit slutty and drunk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just an empty shell of a movie, a film that is almost too boring to be good.  In the beginning of the film, a bunch of characters are watching a baseball game.  The characters are all talking about their favorite players.  One of the characters tells another about his favorite player, a player who doesn't really matter to the plot.  This is the point at which I realize that this is a bad film, because this is the only time I could think of that this was a good film.  I am not going to go into the plot, because it is all just one long sequence of scenes.  But, it is the most boring scene I have ever seen in a movie.   It's like a character gets up, walks to the catcher's mitt and throws a baseball at him.  It is the worst baseball scene I've ever seen.  Then the baseball is hit, and the pitcher goes down.  After the pitcher gets up and throws the ball, we see a woman who is in a restaurant and looks at a guy who is talking to her.  She says, "Hey, come here, I know your friend, he's a pitcher."  Then, the guy says, he is a pitcher.  So, this is it.  That's it.   There is nothing interesting in the movie.   This movie is nothing more than a bunch  of characters sitting around and talking about baseball.  There are a couple of characters who are talking about sports and a couple who are playing games.  When the movie is over, the characters go home and go to sleep.  Nothing happens.  No action.    There are only two jokes, one of which is a pretty bad joke.  In the movie, the guys play a game called "The Five Game."  This game consists of each guy going out to play one game at a time.  Each guy plays a different sport, but they all play the same sport.  They also all get a chance to try out for a baseball team.  And, I guess, the movie ends with the guys playing baseball in the snow.  Again, there is nothing special about this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, that I can't say anything positive about it. I have never seen a movie so horrible in my life. I just don't understand why anybody would watch this. The only thing that is going to make me go to the bathroom at the end of this movie is the scene where a man's penis is pulled out of his body, and then it gets reinserted in the other end. That is just one of the many, many, MANY, MANLY things that are happening in this movie. The bad acting, the bad acting and the bad writing is just a constant stream of bad things. And I am going to stop here, because I don't know how to get any further. So if you are ever going to see this movie, you better not give a second thought to it. Just don't.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have never liked horror movies.   They always have an annoying sound effect in the background.  I also don't understand why a character that is clearly a sociopath would go around killing people and getting away with it.  It also seems that this movie has been released by the same studio that made the remake of the remake.  In my opinion this is just a bad version of a bad remake.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I know you're just going to hate me for this, but this movie was absolutely awful.   It starts with a scene of a woman being forced into a car and forced to be raped.  The scene ends with the same scene of the woman being raped a second time.  I'm not even going to say it's a bad film.  It's a cheap cheap cheap film that I could have done with a good laugh at. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty good movie. The story is great. The acting is pretty good, even the terrible actor who plays the lead can't act this bad. There are also a few funny moments in this movie. But the acting is awful, so I don't recommend this movie to anyone who wants to laugh or to see some acting.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's one of those movies that makes you want to yell "NOOOOOOO!!!!!" at the screen, and yet, even with all of the screaming and screaming, you don't want to scream it.   What's even more pathetic is that this movie is so bad, and so unoriginal, that I actually found myself rooting for the bad guys. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you want a horror movie with lots of gore and gore-related content, then go to this movie. It's very disturbing, but not so much that it hurts your eyes. The special effects are good, but nothing that would make your head spin. The gore effects are great. The music is good, the acting is decent, and the gore effects do get very impressive. The only thing that will make you cringe is the use of the term "Bacon".
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am so tired of these films, it seems every film these guys make is a train wreck. They can't even do a good film, this one was terrible, and that's saying something because the other movies they have made are just as bad. This movie is just as stupid as the first one, but even worse because it is just so badly made. This is one of the worst movies I have seen.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I loved the idea of the movie. It is a very old story that is well done, and the movie makes you feel like you are there. But the acting is so bad that the movie does not deserve the praise that it has. The movie is about a man who is hired to kill a king of the cannibals. It starts with a man named Johnny who is given a gun and tells to go kill the king of cannibalis. Johnny does this, and after a few days, he sees a dead body of a cannibalian. This is a pretty good way to start a movie, but it gets better. I think that it is a movie that people who love cannibales and people who do not like cannibali will enjoy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movies I've ever seen.   It's the perfect combination of a poor script and poor acting.  This is just an awful movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have watched this movie a few times now and still, I don't like it. It's just boring. A bunch of people in a circle, looking at a black screen with some weird sound and some text that's just unreadable. They say that the people who come from space need a "vacation" and so they go to a "planet", but the only thing it has is some "pussy" trees and a couple of "pussies". This movie is not worth a dime and I don´t recommend you to watch it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've been watching "Ghost of a Chance" a lot over the last few weeks.   It's a terrible movie.  The main character is a very bad actor.  She plays a woman with a horrible life and she plays it well.  But, the acting is terrible.  I hate to say it, but the people in this movie are just awful.  They're all so ugly and uninteresting.  If this was a horror movie, it would have been awful.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In short, a bad remake of a bad film: it is as boring as an ice cube in a cup of hot tea.   The story is a remake of an old story about a girl with a very bad attitude. It is hard to imagine how a remake could be worse than the original, but, sadly, it is: the remake makes the original look like a piece of art.  I've watched this movie twice now, once in the cinema and once in a public library.  The film is boring, but there are a few bits in the film which are funny: a bad looking woman at the zoo, a woman with a large belly who says things like "You know, I think I can fit all my clothes in this thing", a dog who runs out of the room, a dog that looks like a human and talks like a dog, and the most obvious: a cat which looks like its about to take off for the sky. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    When a couple of guys decide to have a threesome with a girl and a boy in a movie theater, they end up having a terrible threeway that was never going to work, and there was no reason for it to. The girl had a little too much to drink, the boy was clearly a little off his rocker, and the girl's behavior was just plain wrong.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie sucks so bad that it is a shame it's rated so low. This movie has a poor script, bad acting, terrible direction, terrible acting, bad production values, a terrible screenplay, a bad plot, a poor acting, a terribly shot movie, a poorly written movie, and a bad directing.   It's a movie about two women that love each other very much, and then one day they get married.  It makes no sense to me.  One woman is the "badass" and the other is the goody-two-shoes.  She's the "strong" one and she's a "fairy" who is a "strong and loving" woman.  I have seen the movie and I have never once in my life thought the script was good.  The acting in this movie is so bad.  These two actresses are very good in their own right, but when they are in a movie together, it just gets worse.  When they're fighting in a car accident and they're both killed, you don't feel bad for the woman who was killed.  This is because in the movie she has a husband who was with her when she was killed, so she thinks she deserves to live, and she is happy and has a good life.  But in reality, she is the one that should be killed.    I guess this is why Hollywood doesn't make good movies.  There are many other movies that are worse than this one.  My husband has seen this movie a lot of times, and he still says it sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I thought this was a pretty good film, but that's not saying much. It has a good story that doesn't lose its plot point or twist, the music is pretty good, and the acting is very good. There is a couple of good gags in this film. The one about the cat being "stuck" to a lamp is a classic, but the one about "the dog with the big black nose" and how he is an expert at catching a mouse is a bit too silly.   Overall, this is a good film that can't stand up to the rest of the comedies that were released in this era. It's just too short and has too many cheap gags. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you have never seen this movie, I highly suggest that you do not. This is a truly bad movie and the only reason it is being released in the United States is because the studio is trying to profit from this movie.   It has a lot of stupid dialogue, stupid characters, stupid plot and an annoying soundtrack. The only thing that makes this movie stand out is the music, which is absolutely horrendous. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a low budget, bad-looking disaster. The acting is terrible, the writing is bad, the acting is awful, the camera is bad.  It's so bad it might be an homage to a bad film, but it's not even remotely funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is poorly made and has a very bad script. The movie is also a parody of a movie made by David Lynch, in which a man kills a woman, kills himself, and leaves her to die in a river. This movie is a parody and a cheap knock-off.  If you like bad movies, this one is for you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is terrible. The acting is horrible, the plot is stupid and the story line is terrible too. I don't even know what to say about this movie. I guess it was made to get more money. The movie was made in the early 80's, but it seems to be from about a decade earlier. The story is about a man who goes to see his sister and she gets killed by a group of men. The guy who was supposed to kill her had a heart attack in the middle of the killing, so he is paralyzed and then the police come and he is killed too. Now what happened is that the man who killed her had his heart attack, and then he was paralyzed and the police arrested him. They tried to kill him, but he is still alive and he fights back. So, this movie was supposed a long time ago, and the actors all died before the movie ever made it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the worst movie I have ever seen.  It's a horror movie that is supposed to be scary.  The thing is, I found this movie very hard to watch.  I found it very creepy.   It starts out with a couple of guys being attacked by a weird looking creature.  Then the guy who got attacked is found with a bloody hand.  When the cops arrive, they see blood on the ceiling.  They get out the guy and start to run away.  But then the guy gets hit in the head with a brick.  He starts bleeding and passes out.  While he is passed out, the girl and her friend go to get help.  Now, if I were a cop and I saw this scene I would have shot this guy.  This scene was so bad it made me want to throw up.  There are a lot of scary scenes in this movie.  Unfortunately, it all comes down to the ending.  Even the guy that got hit with the brick had a scar on his head.  So when the cops and the girl come back and find out about the guy's head, they start to freak out.      4/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie that's so bad it's brilliant: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst films I have ever seen.  The actors are all terrible, and the acting is bad.    A bunch of dumb hick farmers get together and have a meeting at a place that is probably haunted.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had the pleasure of seeing this film at a small independent theater in Portland, Oregon. The movie was shot with a small budget and low budget production values. The story is typical "The Little Mermaid". The Little Mermaid is the daughter of a mermaid and a human. The humans are living in a small island with a very small population. The human population is all about the males. There is only one male on the island. He is a very weak swimmer. The girl (I think it was Ariel) has a dream where she meets a prince. She becomes infatuated with him and the prince promises to take her on a great adventure. But when he takes her to the sea, she finds out that he is not really a prince and that the kingdom is actually owned by the "princes" who live above the water. And these princes are very mean and mean people. The prince is actually the only son of a king and he has never even set foot in the water or been touched by the sea. There are also many other people who live in the kingdom and they are all very mean. I was not happy with this movie at all. The cast was very uninspired. I think they were all trying to do the "Little Mermaid" but it was all pretty much just that. It is a good story but the cast was not that good at it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a complete and utter disaster.   The story is boring and nothing exciting happens.  It's a long shot from the beginning to the ending of the film and the film is all about characters who don't care about anything.  I think I can safely say that no one who has ever seen this movie has ever wanted to see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not sure I'm in love with this movie at all. I don't know why it got a bad rating from me, but it did. It's a bad remake of a bad film and a bad comedy. It is a sad film about a poor family and a mentally ill man. He is always sad and depressed and his family is not much better. This family is very small and doesn't have much time for anything except eating and sleeping. This film is about a little boy who is very happy and enjoys his life. He likes to ride his bicycle and play games with his friends. He's the one who is really happy. The one that is in trouble is his father who has a mental illness. His father's mind has been broken for a long time and his mind has completely gone. He doesn't talk or make any sense. He acts like he is mad and when he does he does not know what to do. He has the ability to say "I'm going to kill you" and he's always saying it. His mother is also sick with a mental disorder. She has the most ridiculous laugh you have ever heard in your life. Her laugh is so loud and funny and she is always crying about it. I could go on and on about the bad film. It really sucks. I give this film a 0 out of 10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a world of bad movies I'm going to say this is the worst.  There's no story, no characters, no action, and no excitement.    The movie tries to be a horror movie, but it's not really scary.  It's just lame.  The plot is really bad, there's no real suspense to the movie.  I couldn't even finish it, I could barely watch it.  This movie really doesn't deserve to be called a horror film, and it's so bad it's hilarious.  You could probably watch it at work, it'd be the funniest thing you've seen all week. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I loved the first movie! This is a good sequel, and a good movie. I loved it! The plot was good. I liked how they made some changes to the plot, and made the film a little more interesting. I really like the look of the movie! It has a very good look to it. I think it is a must see for all people that like a good comedy!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an old film from the early 60's. It has been re-released by RKO in 1972. I'm surprised they didn't bother to put any new footage in the new version.   The movie starts with a long shot of a train (I believe) going from New York to Los Angeles. The passengers are all smiling and chatting.  Then we are in a small town in upstate New York. It's a typical midwestern town. We see a man sitting on the corner selling eggs. He's not very bright and has a lot of money.  We then cut to the next shot. It is a small group of people sitting in a room. They are discussing something. Then the camera goes to the far side of the room. The room is dark, so you can't see very well what is going on.  I didn't notice any changes to the story.  The only thing I noticed was a small number of extra people in the movie.  This movie is really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, this movie is a horrible disappointment. There's not a single redeeming factor in this film. The story is bad. It's bad because there is no plot. This is the story of a man who has a heart attack, and then he is brought back to life by a woman who's a vampire. He spends the rest of the movie being brainwashed and having sex with her.   He doesn't have a soul, or a body, or any other kind of soul or body. He has a brain and an empty chest.     This is one of those movies that you'll only be able to laugh at the first time you see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Good:    A story about a man who gets a job as a bouncer at a nightclub.   He gets to know the manager, and learns how he has no idea how to run a nightclub in this day and age.  The bad:      This movie is a huge disappointment.    The movie is not only a complete waste of time, but also a major insult to the film making industry.  "The Good" is about a "real" man, who is a professional bouncer, and does his job well.  He is not a bad person, and is very caring and friendly towards the ladies.  However, as soon as he meets a pretty girl, he falls head over heels in love with her.  And it's not like he's a heartless man, as he does care for the ladies, and tries to help them out in times of need.  It's not until she starts cheating on him with her best friend that he decides to do something about it.  The problem is that she is a very annoying, selfish, arrogant girl who thinks she is the only one that matters.  When they go out to dinner, he does not want to go, but he has to because the waitress is a bitch.  She gets upset when he is with his girlfriend, but she's not even that bad a person.  Also, the film never shows what happened after they were finished with dinner.  Why did they do this?   There is no real conflict in this movie.  This is a one-sided relationship where the woman does nothing to deserve the man's affection.  There are many ways to show the woman's bad qualities in a movie, but the movie is just a complete disappointment.   The Bad: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story starts off with a group of kids in the middle of the woods, one of them being the only one that can see the ghostly apparition. It is this guy that decides to follow the spirit into the school, and is followed by the other kids and their teacher. It was really cool to see that these children didn't let the supernatural thing keep them from having a good time. It wasn't long before the ghost had some serious problems and was forced to leave the school.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad film. I have seen worse, but this is not even worth a half star.   I can only hope that the producers of the film have more than a little bit of imagination. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie starts off with a pretty good little movie of an old man playing with his grandkids and his grand-daughter. Then it goes off the rails in a hurry, and the ending leaves no room for hope, much less for closure.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I like this movie, it's funny, it is a good film but the ending was not a good one and the movie does not need an ending.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an extremely dull movie and is made even more dull by the presence of a small, annoying, fat, lazy, self-absorbed man in a tuxedo.  The movie has no idea what it wants to be and is completely unoriginal, as the premise is not even funny, but it doesn't matter because it has no originality to be taken seriously.  I didn't think this was a good movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have watched this movie more times than I care to admit. It was so bad that I can't even give it three stars. I can honestly say I've never seen a movie so awful.   If you're going to make a movie that's about a boy who's a witch and has magical powers then you don't just slap a witch on the side of the road. It's like you're just throwing a little girl on the road with a broom. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The whole movie has some nice sequences that are nicely executed, the story is interesting, but there are some glaring problems in the movie that make it a poor movie: - I am not a big fan of the movie, as the movie is only entertaining and fun for a few minutes. It's just there to be a fun film.   There are a lot of things that don't make sense in the film: - There is a character that we don't even know anything about. It makes absolutely no sense for her to be in a film like this. - The characters in this film are pretty much all stereotypical bad guys. You have the corrupt police, the corrupt cops, and the corrupt cop. The only good character in the whole film is the guy who plays a bad guy in a bad film. - There are some really funny moments in the story, but they all make absolutely no point to the story. I was laughing at some of the dialogue in this movie. It was just awful. - This movie really should be called "Dirty Cop".   This is an absolutely bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't remember if I saw this movie before or after it came out. It was very poorly acted and I couldn't help but feel sorry for the poor character of the man who would rather spend his days watching TV and eating chocolate than trying to get laid. The sex scenes were pretty lame and the sex scene at the end of the movie was pretty lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie and the actors who played the lead characters should be ashamed. There are a lot of bad choices made in this movie that would have been much better had they been made by someone who knows what he is doing. The story is so bad it is embarrassing. I am sorry to say that if you like watching people do horrible things to each other then you should look away from this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film in a series of adaptations from a popular comic strip and one that I found rather lacking.  I think the best that could be said about it is that there is a good chance that it might make a good movie and not just be a cheap cash-in.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad adaptation of a bad novel. The story is about a man who has been in the hospital for three years after his father died. It is a very depressing movie, with all the characters looking like a cross between Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was a terrible movie and not only because the acting is atrocious.  I was not surprised when I found out the film was a remake.  This is a movie made by someone who hates the movies.  It was made for people who think the only reason to make a movie is to make money.  What is the point of making a movie when it is not funny?  I would give the film one star because it is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is about a man who is a former cop that is trying to live his life in a peaceful way. He is living in a house that is quite nice. He gets along with his neighbor and his neighbor's daughter.  When his neighbor dies, he moves to a new home that is a lot more "unkempt" and not as nice.   He starts to work on his house and it is the first time that he has a job.    He starts working at a local motel where the "manager" is a "bad guy".    His boss is really mean to him and he hates working there.  Then he meets a young man that is also working at the motel.  I liked that this movie was a little more serious than other "funny" comedies.  There is a little sexual humor in this film but not much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was excited to see this movie and I was disappointed. I thought the movie was going to be a straight-up action movie and it just seemed that way. It's like watching a bad action movie with a bad soundtrack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad it's actually good. The story is very poor, a few characters are all too shallow, and the story takes a very long time to develop. The ending is also very disappointing. If you liked "Titanic" you will love this film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie has a great plot but the dialogue is really bad.   It has a lot of "bad" characters and some of them act very stupidly.  The film was shot in the style of a western, which is very cool.  It is a movie that you should see at a summer movie night at your local, but only if you want to see people who act very dumb.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you love bad movies, you should watch this movie:  It's not a good movie, but it is a very bad movie.  It's the worst horror movie ever made, and it is about a zombie that just wants to eat the brains of everyone who is not dead.    That's about all you need to know about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie at the local movie theater and was not a fan.  This is a boring movie that was really bad.  3 of 4 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a big fan of horror movies, but I think this movie is very bad. I don't understand why they had to do that with a movie about a woman who looks like she's from another planet! I don´t understand how she doesn't have any alien features! The woman doesn't even look like she could be from another dimension! I'm sure if the alien creature was more human-like the movie would have been even worse!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this movie at a movie theater when I was about 10. I have never seen a movie that was so bad. The plot was lame, the acting was horrible, and the cinematography was a joke. It was as if the studio had no idea how to shoot a movie, so they hired a guy from the WWF, and had him do the voices for all the characters, even though he was only in it for one or two scenes. It took the audience to the moon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason I watched this movie is to see if the actor was really as good as he was advertised. The movie was bad from start to finish. It was like a bunch of retarded high school kids were put together to be in a movie, and they were put in a stupid film with a stupid plot, stupid acting, and a dumb ending.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I loved this movie. It was really funny and it had a great soundtrack. However, it is a very boring movie and I am surprised that it had any decent reviews. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie sucks. It has bad writing and bad acting and bad direction. I really have no sympathy for the poor acting and direction, as I am sure most of you have heard by now. If you enjoy bad movies like I do, then I suggest you don't waste your time watching this. The actors are horrible and it's not funny. If the movie was only made to be funny, it would have been much funnier. The acting is so bad it's like they didn't even try. The movie is so poorly made that the jokes don't even make sense. There are some good things in the movie, and I think the director was trying to make a movie like "A Hard Day's Night" and the actor played by John Cleese, is the same as the actor in "A hard day's night." I like John Clees and I'm glad he played the lead role in this, but I'm not a fan of this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The title says it all.  This movie is a piece of crap.  It's a movie about a little girl, who is abducted and kidnapped by a group of evil aliens.  She is taken to an underground base and is forced to watch a movie with a bunch of aliens.   The aliens are bad.  They kidnap her and take her to the other side of the world.  When she comes out, she is a different person.  That's it.  I could go on and on about how this is a bad film but I won't.  If you want a film with bad special effects, a bad villain, and a bad plot, this is the movie for you.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The bad:   - I mean, seriously? That is not the end of the world.  But seriously? It was so bad that it was hard to believe this was a legitimate movie. It is a remake of a movie from a decade or so ago, about a little boy who was kidnapped by aliens, and the alien child that had been taken from his mother was just as terrible as the alien parent. There is no end to the horror. The alien parent's mother is very nasty and evil. Her character is very, very unsympathetic and the child's parents are the worst. - The alien child's character is completely unlike anything the audience has ever seen before. It's a really weird, disturbing, disturbing thing to see a little alien child with long white hair and white face staring at us. It was very hard to take the film seriously. It was not that bad. It really isn't. It has the same flaws as the first movie. But the movie has a different kind of horror than that of the first one. The movie is very odd and strange, and it does not make any sense at all. It makes no sense. But that is OK. It will be interesting to see if a sequel is made, and I wouldn't mind seeing a sequel made, so I can see this film getting a sequel. It might get a second run if it is made. It did get a run at one point, and that is all that matters.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is nothing good about this movie. It's a poor excuse for a science fiction film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about this film is that they got the title right.  But that's not much of a good thing.    I'd say this is a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      There is no reason for me to write this review about this movie.   I was expecting a different movie from what I was used to seeing on TV.  I really thought that I had seen this movie in a different time, that I could get a little glimpse of what this movie was like.  If I could give this movie a negative comment it would be because it is a little over the top in terms of what is really going on.  The characters are really just too crazy and I just could not get into the story.  There is no way to get a sense of what I am talking about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The ending of the movie was absolutely disgusting.  It was hard to watch.  The movie starts off in the middle of a blizzard, but it doesn't last long.   I can't believe how awful this movie is.    I thought it was going to be an animated movie, but after the first 30 seconds, I was left with a bad taste in my mouth. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping that this movie would be a real treat to watch, but it turned out to be another terrible movie. I have been looking for a decent comedy since I saw The Goonies. I saw this movie at a movie theater near my house. I loved the premise of the movie, but the movie didn't have any humor. It just made me angry that they would think that children are funny. This movie was a very poor movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful. A total waste of your time. This film is full of terrible acting, stupid plot, bad humor, bad direction, terrible acting. It has a great cast, and I'm glad they were able to give it a second shot, but this movie is a train wreck. It's a shame they couldn't get a better director, since I'm not sure why they thought they could get away with the acting, but it's a pretty bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a good movie, but not a good one.  The characters are all the same (a middle-aged man and a younger woman) and the film is all about them, not about the setting or the story.    And that's not the worst of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is all over the place.  I don't care what it is about, it's not funny, and it's just a bunch of jokes.    I have to admit, this movie isn't the most funny movie I've seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I never saw this movie before. It's a bad action movie with bad acting. The movie is not about good vs evil but about the hero and the bad guys who try to kill him. The bad guys are not bad at all but are just bad. It is just boring, over the top, and overacted. I can't wait for the sequel!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think this movie could have been better if it had been about anything other than a kid and a dog. The dog's name is Jagger. I don't know if this is a "true story" but it is a lot of crap. I'm sorry but I didn't care for the dog at all. He was not good. I think they made this movie for the wrong reasons. I could see how the kid would have a crush on him. I was disappointed. I did like the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      I watched this on Netflix, as it was on sale for $1.99 at the local video store. It was supposed to be about a boy who gets his father to take him camping with him and his friends. They all get drunk and then they get into a fight over a woman who got mad at them for being drunk. I was hoping it would be a fun movie with some good laughs and some good music. What I got was a movie that had bad writing, bad acting, and terrible animation.        This is supposed to follow the "Wicked Ways" series, but it is a completely different story, and the story is the worst part.  This movie has the worst dialogue I have ever heard in my life, and there are some bad scenes as well.  The music is also bad.  I do not recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have a very bad feeling about this movie. There are no actors worth mentioning, and they are all pretty mediocre. There is nothing about this film that I can not get out of my head. It is a terrible, terrible film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You know how the film says "The man with no name" and that this man was once a hero of humanity and now he is no longer a hero? He is now just another greedy businessman trying to get what he wants at all costs. He is an arrogant, insensitive, heartless man who is not interested in what others have to say or what is right. I think this man is the worst kind of human being. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a film I didn't see coming, the way it unfolds it becomes clear that it is nothing but a cheap knock off of an old fashioned horror film.   The main thing that I took from this is that it has to have a great monster, this time it's the infamous mummy.    I am not a fan of mummy movies, I think they are cheesy and over the top.  If you can't find a mummy that is actually scary then there is no need to see this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is not a good movie. The pacing is horrible, the actors are not good, the story is boring, the ending is terrible, and the only good thing about this movie is that it is set in a time when the US still had slavery.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie about a year ago, and it's a little better than the reviews. I think the movie would have been a lot more interesting if it had been about a boy and a girl who had a crush on each other. This movie would've been way more entertaining, and less of a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a little boy, who is obsessed with the "toys" of his father. When he grows up, he finds that these toys have been used as weapons by other kids, to bully and torture him. In his own life, he has a very hard time, because his father is very abusive. In the end, he is finally able to free himself and his father from each other, by throwing the toys in the trash can. The end.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie does not have much of a plot. The entire movie is a flashback to the story of the first movie. The plot of the second movie is not much better than the first. The movie has the same stupid and bad dialog as the first one. The actors are all the same actors. There are not that many different roles, but there are some. I have no clue why this is considered a good movie. It is one of those movies that are really good in one place, but are very bad elsewhere. This movie has been seen by many, but has never been rated by me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to seeing this movie because I had heard good things about it. Unfortunately, I was not disappointed.  This movie is a mess.  The story has been told many times and the ending is the same.  It was just not my cup of tea.   I was hoping for a good film but instead got a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very good movie, but it has a very bad ending. The ending is really cheesy, but that's what makes it so good.   This movie is a great movie. It has a good plot, good acting, good music and a great ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're expecting to be entertained by a bunch of kids in costumes and doing a silly show, this movie is not for you. It's boring and tedious. It would have been better if it had been called "The Kids Are Alright" and had been made by the "Kids Are Alright!" movie company.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the early 80's, a new movie was released called 'A Woman's Life'. It was an old black and white horror movie from the 50's, with a young man named Eddie who lived in a cabin with his grandmother. He was a little bit like the "Scream" character in the movie. Eddie was in the habit of stealing things and eating them. He ate a whole cow! It was all the same old stuff that had been done for years. This is another movie where the actors were not that good. It was also a pretty scary movie. I remember this movie when I was a kid. It had this kind of weird atmosphere, where you just couldn't look away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I give this film a negative is that it is just plain boring. It's like a big dumb version of the old Saturday Night Live sketch "The Man Who Wouldn't Die". The actors do a pretty good job at making the comedy come to life. It was kind of funny when they were just going through the motions and saying "no one" was going to die. It really was just a big ol' excuse to go out and do silly things. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have no idea how anyone could have a problem with a movie that is filled with sex, gore, murder and one of the best action sequences ever filmed. But this movie did not really work for me. I have to say that I have not seen a more over the top action scene in a film I have seen in years. The movie is a perfect mix of sex and violence, which I think is exactly what it should be, because this movie has it all. A little kid gets into a car with a woman and kills a police officer, then kills another policeman and a doctor, then shoots up a school. And then it is over. The kids then drive into the lake, and swim to the bottom, and then they are dead. But the movie is just not that great. I don't really know how to put it, but I was bored out of my mind. I really thought I was watching some of the worst movies ever made.   One thing that this movie is not is funny. I know it is supposed to be a horror movie, but in the beginning it is very hard to find humor in this movie. The ending is even more funny, but there is no humor at all in the movie itself.   The movie seems to be made with a lot of care and love, but it is not funny. It has a few funny scenes, but the rest of the movie has very little humor. There is not really any comedy in the story, it is just a very good action movie with a very little story. This movie is definitely not for everyone, but for some people it may be a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of losers trying to survive the post apocalyptic apocalypse.  The acting is terrible.  The writing is even worse.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I was a kid, I always watched the original version of The Wizard of Oz. I think that this film is even better than the original one.  I really enjoyed this movie, but it was pretty slow paced and not a whole lot happened in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie's premise is very simple: A man is trapped in a small house with a cat that is also trapped.   In the end, the cat will escape from its own cage by opening a window, and escape into the world of a movie theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a bad bad movie! It's not that it's bad, it's just bad. The story is terrible. The characters are all horrible. There's just no hope for anyone in this movie, ever. It's just a bad, bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like bad movies you'll like this one.  It's a short, dumb, bad, funny movie about a guy who makes a living by robbing banks.  He's a bank robber who has an obsession with his bank's security system, and he's a genius at figuring out how to break into it.  This movie is the same thing over and over.    It's just a bunch of people running around doing stupid things and making stupid decisions.  I could watch this for hours and never find a moment where the humor doesn't feel forced and forced out.  It's funny in a "what the fuck" sort of way, but I'm not sure what else it could be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a huge disappointment. The movie's main character is an alcoholic with an unfortunate habit of getting into fights. This guy gets involved with a gang of thugs who beat him senseless. After the gang is finished with him, they beat up another poor fellow (with the same unfortunate habit) and then leave him to die. The end. I'm going to go out on a limb and say that this movie is about as good as a gang fight can get.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You know what is so frustrating about this movie? Well, first of all it's just awful and poorly written, and at no point do the characters have any real chemistry or even much of a personality. The bad guy has no motivation other than to destroy the world. There is absolutely nothing fun about the whole thing. It is really a sad story about a lonely child trying to make himself useful.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a bad film, and I'm not exaggerating when I say that it's a complete disaster. I'm surprised that they bothered with this thing at all. They spent the whole time shooting and editing and that's about it. I've seen worse, and this is definitely the worst. I think it was meant to be an adventure/romance film, but the characters were so stupid and one-dimensional that it turned out to be a terrible romance/rom-com.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a bad one and a bad excuse for a movie. The movie has no plot and does not give a good performance. The director is an actor with no acting experience and no ability to portray a movie or any kind of a character. The lead actor has a bad habit of doing the same thing over and over again and he just keeps getting older. It's sad that there are so many movies out there that look like they have been shot on a home video camcorder. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is not good at all.   The plot is so stupid that the ending is even worse.  I wish they had just used the original version. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very silly film, and very hard to watch. The only thing that kept me going was the fact that they did a very good job with the animation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this movie many times over the years. The story is a bunch of idiots, they're in a car and they're driving and they crash into a tree. This is what happens next: The tree is a big tree that's got a hole in the bottom. The guys are stuck in it. The next scene is the tree being filled with water, but it doesn't seem to be working. The tree keeps falling over. The car is being driven away from the tree and the guy is getting more and more frustrated. Eventually he throws the keys out the window, runs out of the car, gets stuck in the tree, and gets killed by a huge tree branch. The end. That's all there is to it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you don't like sci-fi, this movie will not change your mind about it. I don't know why the makers of this movie think they can make a good sci-fie out of a bad sci-fiction movie. This is just the most bad sci fi movie ever made.   The only thing that makes this movie even worse is the music. It's just so bad that it makes you want to vomit.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the third movie in the Saw franchise and this one is much more of a horror film than the first two. It's a very cheesy and stupid movie that's just plain bad. The acting is terrible, the plot is bad and it's filled with silly characters, such as the "big guy" who's really a girl. The plot has a very bad ending, as it seems the "giant" is really a man who's been living with a giant robot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. I've watched it about a half dozen times since it came out and I've always had the same feeling about it. I was not at all pleased with this movie. There is no point to it. There are no memorable moments or characters to get interested in. The acting is terrible. The only redeeming quality is that they used a real movie title. I don't remember the movie's name but I'm sure it was a pretty bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What is this?   I was in a movie theater in L.A. for a midnight showing of the new movie   It's a science fiction movie about a guy who has a computer in his head who communicates with people in the real world.   This movie was not funny and it was so boring that it was like I was watching a documentary on the future. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "There was a reason why I didn't like this movie. This movie is like a bad film made by a good person.  It's like a kid trying to make a good film that a kid made.    It's bad."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're in the mood for a good laugh, then you won't find a better one than this. I mean, what movie could possibly be worse than this? The script is bad, the acting is awful, the production values are low, the story is completely ridiculous, the special effects are bad, and the cinematography is laughable.  You could see a real bad movie made in the 1940s with a cast like this and still be funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has very little of that "realistic" feel that we all loved in the 80's.  There are some decent special effects, but they're too much of a coincidence.  So there we have it, it's one of those movies that can be enjoyed by anyone who wants to see a movie that takes the viewer to another world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved this movie so much.  The story is simple, yet I really enjoyed it.    It is just a good story with good acting and a great story.  I also really liked how the characters were written.  It is just like a movie I can imagine myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a huge rip off of the movie "Sling Blade", but not in a good way. It has a really bad acting and horrible directing. The main character is a really annoying "man-child" who can't handle anything other than playing video games. When he is not being a man-child he is acting like an annoying child and acting out a bunch of stupid stereotypes. It's almost as if the movie was made by people who did not like video games or had never played a video game. I'm not sure what the point was in making this movie and I didn't really like it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just plain awful! It is basically just a bunch of people trying to take over the world, and no one really gets much done. I just felt so bad for the characters, I was so disgusted by it, and so disgusted with the whole situation, that I was just hoping the movie would end so that the characters could get the hell out of there. It just got worse and worse the longer I watched it. I felt like this movie was an excuse for people to be terrible to each other and to have a little fun. I would hate to see the actors of this movie ever get paid to act again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What's wrong with this movie? I didn't enjoy this at all. It just seems like someone wrote a book with all the scenes taken out. I guess they had a lot of fun making this movie, but it doesn't mean it is good.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A lot of bad actors are involved in this movie, including: Kevin Costner, who is really funny in the movie, but in real life is a very shy person who doesn't talk to anyone.   The only thing that made this movie interesting is the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the worst films I have ever seen. I've seen a couple of bad movies. The first one I saw was a good movie, but not this one. The story was about a man who has been living in the mountains for some years. He is a bad guy and he gets his way and it's a short movie. There were no explosions, no gunfire, no blood.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this for the first time last night, and it was a good, entertaining, entertaining movie.   If you're a big fan of comedy, this is a good one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's just a bad remake of the original, but I still give it a four out of five.  - February 21, 2016The only good movie of this year.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it was a good movie, but it's not. The story was just plain stupid. The girl is not only a virgin, but also has a boyfriend who wants to have sex with her. The whole movie is just her telling her story, like a "how to do it" video. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm just going to go out on a limb here and say this is a terrible movie.   It's a film that doesn't even attempt to be interesting or scary.  There is no actual story at all.  I don't care if there is a supernatural element to this movie, there is no story.  It is all jump scares.  The acting in this film is terrible.  They are so bad, it's hard to tell who is supposed to be scary and who is just making it up.  Some of the actors are so terrible, I just can't even watch the movie. I'm not going to watch this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good story, but I feel like the director got the "star" thing pretty close to right. The story is set in the late 1700's and the main character is a Native American, a hunter. He has a pretty tough life, and it's not all bad. He is a good shot and is a pretty good shot with a bow and arrow. He takes a job as a guide for a Native village. His job is to teach the tribe how to hunt, and how to build shelters and do all sorts of things. The tribe has no real medicine, so he has to make a lot of good food. This is hard work. The first part of the movie, when he is learning how to make the food, he has a lot to do. He makes a lot, but the meat is not very good. It's a short movie, but it's a fun little movie, and is not bad in any way. I give this movie 4 stars out of 5.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last of the 'The Three Stooges' films and I don't see much to like about this one.   As the title suggests, the film is a parody of The Three Stoogs - it has a number of silly lines and a few scenes of the three playing golf, which is only amusing inasmuch as it is the only thing that really happens. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so bad that I have to wonder why anyone would bother to make a movie about it. The plot is a complete joke. The movie starts off by having a couple (I think they're the wife and the kid) get married.  After the wedding, they decide to have a child.    I just have to say, I'm really glad that they had a baby and a toddler to replace each other.  But wait, there's more!   When the child grows up, the wife is given the choice of living with a man that she knows is abusive, or going to live with her sister (who is a friend of the husband).   And then there's the child!  It is obviously made with a 3 year old in mind, because it has no sense of humor whatsoever.  What's the point?   I have a hard time even remembering the plot because I could be making it up as I go along.  It doesn't even seem to be trying to be funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am disappointed with the direction of this movie. It feels like a bad action movie, as there are so many bad action movies out there that are more entertaining.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    First off, I don't care about the fact that a film called "Lucky Man" is released.      I do care about what's behind that screen:    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The best movie about a man who kills people is called The Hitman. It was the best action movie I've ever seen. The script is funny and witty and the action is spectacular. The action is so fast and exciting that I could not keep up with it. I watched it over and over and I was still laughing and the story was just as good as the first film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really like this movie.  The story is not bad, but not great either.    One of the things I liked about this movie was how it showed the world that people can still be cruel to each other even if it's in a movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an obvious rip-off of The Nightmare Before Christmas. However, the Nightmare Before Halloween is actually better than this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to have to put a disclaimer on this review: I've never watched a live action film. I didn't even watch a television series. I have no idea how anyone could make a movie like this. It's a terrible mess. I'm not going to say anything negative about it because that would be unfair, but I really can't describe it to you. I mean it's a bad idea. It really is. I don't know how it's possible to make a bad film better, but it seems like a director has given in to the pressures of the studio system and made a horrible mess. It seems like he was trying to make an "action movie" but then he started taking shots at the war and at the audience. It seemed like a bad combination and the result is really ugly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wanted to like this movie. But then I started to think about how it could be better. I loved the music, and I liked the film. But the acting was pretty terrible, and the script was bad. There are two scenes that stick out in my mind that I hated. I remember that when the main character comes home from school, he is told by his teacher that he has been accepted into the university. The teacher then tells the main characters mother that she is going to get her son married to a doctor. But I didn't like the way the mother told the main parents what to do. I also don't think that the father should be telling the mother what to think. This movie is just so bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film numerous times, and the only reason I've come to dislike it is that I can't figure out how to explain the movie's plot.  In short, there is a guy who lives in a small house.    He is a loner who spends most of his time alone.  He also lives in this house with his little sister, who happens to be a little witch.  In the beginning of the movie, it is revealed that the little witch has a strange power over her brother.  She can make him do anything she wants.  At first, the brother has a hard time figuring out how this could be possible, but eventually he figures it out and begins doing whatever he wants.    The movie is a little silly at times, but I found the little sister to be rather endearing.  I really liked her at first, and I thought she was really funny.  But when I got to know her, I thought her character was a bit over the top.  Her little "spells" and things like that seem like they are just made up for the movie.  There is a part in the movie where she says "I'm a witch" and it is the first time I have heard a female witch say that.  It also seems like a lot of effort went into the costumes for her and her brother, but at the same time they just seem like random things that could have been done without spending so much money on them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have never seen this movie and the movie is bad! This movie has some very bad scenes. The director, Mr. Czerniak, doesn't even understand why people go to the movies and he doesn't seem to care about the movie! The film's pacing is very slow. There are a few good scenes in the movie but there are more scenes that are boring and pointless! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no redeeming qualities, no redeemable character, no interesting story, no humor, no characters, no plot, no action, no dialogue, no sound, and no art.  The movie takes place in the late 50's, in the town of St. Louis.    It is a very simple town.  A doctor, a teacher, a preacher, a doctor's wife, and a doctor.  There are two churches.  The first church is a Methodist church.  This church has been in operation for over a hundred years.  It is the largest church in the state.  Their services are held on Sundays at 3:00 PM.  In the evening at 6:00 P.M.  the services end.  People from the surrounding area come to St. Lousa.  They drink beer and dance.  I can't remember how many times the church is mentioned in this movie, but I do remember a pastor, who appeared in one of the movies.  He is a big guy who talks a lot.  When I think about the movie I remember the pastor and the dancing.  But the dancing is boring.  Why would a church allow dancing when the congregation is sitting down and listening to the sermons?  There is no action in this flick.  No fights, no police cars, no explosions, no cars crashing, no gunshots, no people falling from buildings.  What is the point of the movie?  Why did the pastor do what he did?  It's a silly movie that has no character. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie where all the characters are boring. A bunch of boring, annoying people who just want to be rich, and the rest of us are there to watch.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the same story of the same plot over and over, the same boring and predictable action, the actors do not look like actors, and the soundtrack does not sound very good.  It is a film that does not interest you, and is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how they made this film, but I can't stand the sight of a dog eating a person.  It's really disgusting.    When the dog eats the person, he is moaning and looking very sick and ugly.  There is also a dog that is eating a girl's panties. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot of this movie is based on a true story. The movie was supposed to have been shot in Thailand but the shooting was postponed by a year. It is a pity because the Thai movie producers made a great movie, which was a very good drama, and the actors were good. But this is a cheap movie and the producers made only $1,200 from the movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is a very boring and generic one. This film, like most, is a "re-telling" of a famous story. It seems like they just decided to re-tell it because they knew a lot of the people in the film were famous (the producers of the movie). I guess this is the reason for this bad movie. I really do not understand how anyone could be so stupid. I am glad I saw it once because it was really bad and I could laugh and have a good time watching it.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "It's the good old days when the CIA are trying to find a mole in the agency. They recruit the wrong man.  "  This movie has nothing to do with the book.  I found this movie to be completely unoriginal and uninteresting.  It has no redeeming features or qualities.  If you're looking for a good time, this is a good place to start.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was bad.   The movie was terrible.  They showed the movie in the auditorium and the audience laughed hysterically.  There were people in the audience who were having a blast.  I'm sure I saw a few people at the theater watching it at the same time as I did.  The story is so bad and so ridiculous that I don't even know where to begin.  It all starts out with a man named Dr. M. B. who is looking for a woman named S. B who has left town.  He decides to look for her at a carnival and finds her there.  After they go on the ride, S.B runs off. Dr. B is worried that S. is being taken advantage of by someone else.  Then we cut to a guy named W. M who is sitting next to a woman who is also named S who looks to be about 19 years old.  At first W.M. seems to be in love with S. and they kiss, but then she turns around and runs away.  This leads us to another scene.  We see a man who is dressed like a cowboy named P. L. who says he is looking to make a few bucks.  In the next scene we see a young woman dressed as a witch named B. and she is dressed in a black cape and a black dress.  She is also wearing a black corset.  W. and P. are shown riding on horseback with their horses.  When they arrive at the carnival we see P.L. dressed as the girl who ran away from S.  Suddenly a man dressed as Mr. J. comes out of a cab and says, "Get out of here, S."  He says this in a very funny voice and we all laugh.  Now we cut back to S. who has been taken back to a house where she is held in a basement and she's not allowed to leave.  While she's being held in the basement we see Dr. J holding a bottle of whiskey and looking at the wall of the room.  Dr.J says that she has been locked up in a cage for so long that her body is rotting.  So Dr. John goes back to the carny where he meets W. who he asks to help him find S. He says he needs to know where she was taken and that if he can't find her she won
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen a lot of movies over the years, and this is one of the worst. I won't say a bad thing about the actors, because they do a good job, especially the little boy who has the most sadistic streak I've ever seen.  He screams at the audience like a little girl who can't get enough of the macabre.  I was a little confused by the title "The Maniac."  I've never heard of a "maniac" who is insane.  The woman is the only other actress I can remember.  I have no idea what the plot is supposed to be.   I'm a little disappointed that the director didn't just stick to the original script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total disaster, not just for its budget and its bad acting, but also because it is so unbelievably stupid.  It is one of those bad movies where every bad thing is amplified ten-fold, from a scene of a man talking about a dog who lives in a cage with a mouse (as if you'd need a cage for a dog), to a scene where a guy talks about his mother who had "all the best things" in life.    I think that's a lot of what this movie is: a lot  of  bad things that are amplified ten -fold. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this in the theater at a showing that was a little over a week ago. I was not expecting it to be as bad as it was. It is really a bad idea, really, and the plot is a poor attempt to make it work. I mean, why did they have to set it in a medieval time? That is just an attempt to get the audience to believe that it was really there. The acting is bad, but the writing and the bad acting make it a bad film. It would be better to watch the trailer for it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwjT4YqYy5k
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie I have ever seen.   If you are a horror fan you will not enjoy this movie.  It is just a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on a Tuesday night and we were so excited. My brother and I had been to see a bunch of films together this week.   The movie itself is actually quite good. The acting was good.  My brother thought that it was a little slow, but still fun.  I was surprised by the plot twist of the movie.  A little girl is kidnapped.  She has to return to her parents.  We see a lot of other things in this movie that I didn't expect.  Some of the things in the movie were a little confusing to me.  There were a lot more things than what we were shown.  This movie is a little bit like a cross between "The Big Lebowski" and "The Hangover".  I would like to see this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I never knew what to expect when I walked into this movie.  There are so many of these type of films out there and you could see them on the list in a heartbeat.  But this is the first time I have ever heard a woman say something like this.   I guess I am not the only one who thinks this is a bad idea.  It is very bad.  But what makes this so bad is the fact that it was made by two people who have no clue what they are doing.  The actors were not good and were really trying too hard.  There is a very long shot that shows a woman sitting in her house with her baby in her lap.  And then the camera pans out and the woman looks in the mirror and she has a huge grin on her face.  Then the camera turns around and we see that she is actually a man in a mask.  This makes no sense to me and I was very disappointed with this.   It is a total waste of time and I never would have watched it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't care what the critic said about it being a cheap Hollywood rip-off:  It's a bad rip-of-a-good movie.   There are very few times in a movie where I didn't feel like a complete asshole to the poor guy in the movie, and most of the times, it's pretty funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The film is filled with bad acting, bad acting and bad acting. It was really boring and the main character is so annoying. I thought this movie was going to be a comedy but it is not. It is a really bad movie. If you want to watch a good comedy, I suggest to watch:   I was waiting for this movie to come out. I heard about this from a friend of mine and he said he would show me this. Well I got it today and watched it. I had to turn it off when it got boring. I am a big fan of comedy but this one was just bad. The guy who plays the main guy is just a huge jerk. The whole movie is just bad and I can't believe it took me this long to watch it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A terrible movie!   I saw this movie once before and was shocked at how bad it is! The whole movie is one long scene in which a man is forced to masturbate by a girl, who then takes out a razor blade and cuts off his penis and then has sex with him.   What a disgusting, sickening movie!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a wonderful time at this movie with my wife and son. It was a good movie. We didn't know it was a movie, but the kids and I did and were laughing all the way. My son wanted to watch it again. I hope he enjoys it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete and utter joke, and I'm not just saying that because it's a comedy.  The only redeeming feature about this movie is the fact that it is a parody of all those horrible films from the 1980s.    I mean, come on, "Blades of Glory"?   "The Last Stand"?  "Escape From Evil"?  I've seen so many terrible movies in my life, and this is the most ridiculous one yet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    - A lot of money was spent to create an artificial movie that didn't deserve to be called a movie. - I enjoyed watching this movie as much as I do watching "Monsieur Lazhar" - It's so hard to write a negative movie review for a movie that's so bad that it's hard to know where to start. - If I had to pick a movie I'd say this is probably the worst movie I've seen in a while. - Don't waste your time or money on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't really like this movie.   The story is terrible.  The movie's action is terrible, especially the fight scene with a man in a shark suit, I couldn't even see the guy's arms, they were out of focus.  This movie is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "A good-looking young man was walking along the streets of Moscow in a big suit and a big hat when suddenly he noticed a tall and ugly Russian girl, and he was not surprised that she was with a Russian, for they always do things together, but he did not like the girl's manner and so he left her to her own devices." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a terrible mess of a movie.  The movie is so bad, that you are tempted to just give it up and watch some funny TV show that is better than this.  You get a glimpse of the future as the movie starts to take a turn to the bad side.  The plot is stupid, and is really not worth watching.  It is just a story about the end of the world, and what happens when a group of people start living together in a big house.   The movie has a few funny scenes, but it also has a lot of horrible scenes that are not funny at all.  This movie has very little story and it has a story that is not that good.  A lot of things in this movie just happen and there are very few character that are really developed and have interesting personalities.  If you want to watch a movie that has bad acting, and an awful plot, then this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of those low-budget "mockbusters" which are all the rage these days. It's a comedy about a guy (I don't know if you know the "O.J." Simpson case) who is trying to prove that he is not an "Olympian" by running a marathon every day. He runs so fast that he gets lost at the finish line! What a waste of a good joke!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a terrible movie this is.  The movie is terrible.    I hate this movie.  It's so bad that I am surprised they bothered with making it.  I can't believe how bad this movie is. I have watched a few movies in the past that I really liked, but this is one of the worst I have ever seen.  What a horrible idea to have a movie where people try to have sex with animals.  If the director was trying to get something out of this, it didn't work.  The animals are so disgusting.  You can tell that they didn't have a clue what was going on.  This movie is like an early version of a porno movie.     The ending is horrible too.  They should have left it at that.  How about if the people in the movie tried to do something that is really gross like rape an animal, but they just couldn't get it up.  All in all this movie sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are a lot of bad movies out there.   But there are a few good ones too.  This is one of them.  It is a little slow and sometimes it is a bit hard to follow the plot.  But that is only my personal opinion.  I think this movie is better than most horror movies of the 80's.  And it is funny too! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm sure this movie was fun for the most part. The script, acting, the direction, the set design, and everything else are all very well done. However, the plot and the ending are both very bad.   As a child, I was very interested in the story. I enjoyed it so much, I wanted to know what would happen next.  What I got was a horrible ending, which makes no sense at all.  I was hoping for something more from the story, but I didn't find it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was so bad it was hard to take.   A bad movie that I will not be wasting any more time watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very good movie but its just not that great, not the best in the world but not bad either.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have nothing to say about this movie. I can't believe the amount of times the word "goddamn" is used in this movie, like it's a curse word.   One of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is not very good, it is a poorly done film about a failed movie.   This movie does not have a good storyline.  The lead actor was a great actor, but his character was not a good one.  He was so bad it was painful.  When you have a great lead actor, it would be better if you can find someone to play opposite him.  This was a very bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've seen since The Exorcist (1973).  I'm not joking, and it makes me want to vomit...  First off, it's a terrible film with an atrocious story, and a terrible acting job.  It's just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The best of the worst of the bad movies: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen many bad movies, but I never thought I'd see one so bad.  The film starts off with a shot of a very old man sitting at a table, which is filled with various junk.    The Old Man asks what kind of car it is, and the camera pans around the room to show us that there is no engine or car in sight.  This leads us to believe that the Old Man is not driving a car, but is sitting at his kitchen table with a spoon in his hand and a glass of wine in front of him.  There is a woman standing in the background behind the Old man, who appears to be in a hurry.  At first, I thought that this was a parody of old movie plots, but this is not the case at all.  After a few minutes of this, the Old Guy suddenly realizes that he is sitting in a chair in front a window with a panoramic view of a beautiful view of the lake and mountains in the distance.  In the background, we see an old couple and their dog in a beautiful, peaceful scene.  We also see some trees and some bushes, but nothing else.  Suddenly, the camera cuts to the Old Woman and she asks the Old Men, "You want to see this?"  She points to the panoramas of the lakes and mountains.  "It's beautiful, isn't it?"  "I don't know what to say."  "Well, we could have a picnic here."  Then, the shot goes back to the lake view and we see the Old guy and Old Woman, now looking at a large wooden boat in the lake.  And so, we're now back at the lake house with the Old couple and Old Guy in the front seat of the boat.  It's nice to see a boat again.  But, then the Old people notice that something is amiss, and they look over to the side and see a huge creature standing in a clearing at the bottom of the hill.  When they look at it, it is very obviously a monster with huge feet, two giant, round, black eyes, and a long tail that comes out from behind the creature's head.  These monsters are called "Penguins" by the people in town, because of the way they look.  They also have a long tongue and two wings that look like a bat's wings.  Finally, the creature walks up
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You know what would be better?  Making a film about an abandoned house that gets torn down every year and then rebuilt.  What a great way to spend an afternoon.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So a couple of years ago I saw a movie called "The Naked Prey of Christ". The story is that a Christian preachers wife is killed by a demon and her body is taken by her husband to an old church for a burial. There she meets the man who has been praying to the Virgin Mary for her soul to return and she is to marry him.  The story ends with the priest telling her that she is now to be buried alive, the headless woman is to be dragged out of the grave and raped. This is a terrible movie, and the idea of the head that is to become a whore is just disgusting.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really a train wreck of a movie.  The movie is so bad and bad that it's almost funny.  This movie has a lot of weirdness in it:    It's weird in that the movie begins with the protagonist (Ralph Bellamy) and his girlfriend going to a strip club and then, just like that, the movie goes to the police station and then to the hospital.   But it's even worse in the fact that the whole movie is a nightmare of a dream sequence.     Here's the dream sequence:  The dream sequence starts with the police officer (Paul Sorvino) trying to talk to the woman (Meryl Streep) and then goes on to the morgue where Ralph Bellamy is still alive!     And then it goes to Ralph's house and then he gets shot!    I mean, it's bad enough that the story of this movie is pretty ridiculous, but then they take the movie from bad to worse!  If this movie had been made in the late 70s, it would be on HBO. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a very stupid movie, and it is based on the "Stupidity of God" story. It doesn't even have a "stupidity" to begin with. If the "God" wants to create a world with all its evils, then that is a good idea. But he doesn't do it. He doesn't create a place where there are no laws. And he doesn, by design, have a few of his followers, who are, to say the least, extremely stupid.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was no sense of fun or fun at all in this movie.  This movie was just another boring movie. I will not see this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that's about as good as it is bad. You see, a bunch of guys (not sure how to call them men or women) get stranded on a desert island and have to live out their days with little food, water, and a few tools to do some simple jobs. This is where the movie starts to go down the crapper. I can't give a decent review about this movie because there's just so much bad acting that I can barely find the time to go through the whole thing. The acting is terrible and the actors are all trying to sound like they're trying to act. Some of them are not even trying at all. The story is horrible, as is the directing and the editing. There's a lot of really bad writing in this movie as well, but even worse, there's so much violence that the filmmakers decided to cut the gore and let the actors have a lot more fun with it. This movie is not to be seen by the children of today! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most ridiculous, pointless movie I have ever seen.   A couple of old men take a group of teenagers to see a movie that has been dubbed into Spanish. It's all about the old man who is a great magician who can make people see things.  They go to the theater and he starts to do his magic. They all go to get their picture taken and the girls get their pictures taken with the old guy and when the old lady goes to take a picture with her boyfriend, the guy grabs her hand and she falls to the floor.  The old man gets up and tries to get his picture taken with her, but she's too much.  It turns out he has a very powerful, evil, and very evil smile.  She tries to run away but the old magician catches up to her and starts to make her do things that she shouldn't do.  He makes her get down on all fours and then starts to put his feet on her head.  Then he starts putting his feet in her mouth and putting his mouth on her breasts.  When he finishes, he tells her she has to have sex with him, but then she can't.  So he grabs a gun and shoots the old woman.  We see the two young men take the gun and put it in the woman's hand and then he shoots her again.  In the end the guy shoots the woman in the head. After he's shot, the two men put the gun in the old mans hand.  Apparently, this is the only movie that was ever made where the main character gets killed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible movie. I mean, I'm sure the movie's producer wanted to get some cash from it, so it was filmed in Canada. But I'm not a big fan of Canadians, so I can't help but hate the movie. It was written by a woman who apparently thinks that her first book is a masterpiece. It's full of cliches about a man who's in love with a woman in the woods. It has no originality or plot whatsoever, so the writer just wrote about all the clichés she liked and put in a bad story. But don't take my word for it, here's a real Canadian movie review. This is what Canadian movie critics are like: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is not a lot to like about this film.  It is a terrible, horrible, un-believable, boring and boring film.   This is a poor excuse for a film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a bad idea. It's an old story about a bunch of kids who get caught up in the life of a serial killer. This film is filled with awful acting, cheesy acting, and awful music. I had the misfortune of watching this with my father who has seen worse.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an absolute, unfiltered, unedited, unfunny, boring, and tedious movie. There is absolutely nothing going on in this movie that is worth a single moment of our time. There are just too many bad jokes, and bad acting, and a very, very bad plot, which, as we all know, is a great way to spend a movie. The plot is basically a plot to get the title character killed, and then the film ends. The movie is so bad, that I am sure it would be a success in a lot of small-town, rural towns. There just isn't anything that this movie does well, and it shows. It does not try to be clever or witty or funny. There isn't a single scene in the movie that makes me laugh. There aren't even any scenes that make me feel good. If you were looking for a fun, light-hearted, and silly movie to watch, this is it. If the plot makes you laugh, then it will be fine, but if it makes you want to take a bath, or go for a run, this will not be for you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a disgrace to its genre. The movie is filled with boring and boring scenes. It doesn't take long for the audience to become bored and get bored. There are no twists and turns to keep the audience on the edge of their seat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I have ever seen.   I hate horror movies so much, I can't stand them!   It was the most boring movie I ever saw!  I don't know if it was the horror elements or the bad acting, but I don`t like it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't really understand why it is still a popular movie today. I'm not sure how much it actually helped that it was such a bad picture, but it certainly was not a good movie either.  There is a great deal of talk about a "lone gunman" in this movie, who is supposedly the only one to have survived.  There is no evidence to support this theory.  He's just a guy who happens to be the only survivor.  It's a movie about the "lonesome" traveler, who has traveled the country for years, never making a home.   He is a character in a bad book, who's life has been turned into a horror movie by some mean-spirited people who just don't want anyone to get along with them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a terrible movie and the actors are terrible. They can't act and act with no emotion. This is why people do not like bad movies and why the acting is so bad. The story is boring and pointless and the plot is not very good either.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You might have seen it. I can't remember.  It was a bad horror movie, and that's all there is to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst thing about this movie is that it is just a terrible movie that has nothing to do with science, and everything to do about cheap cheap jokes. And not only that, but it is a bad science movie as well. The movie is about a scientist who has a robot that he uses to steal people's ideas and ideas of how to solve a problem. He steals ideas about how to turn into a dragon, how to change color in a room, how do people communicate, how can a woman do it, how the guy who is the villain from the beginning, how a vampire can kill, how he can fly, how does a spider get poison, how one can kill a man by drinking his blood, and a lot more. It is very easy to tell the story of a scientist that is very boring and very unoriginal, and the movie never gives us any information about any of the ideas that the scientist steals. If you are into science movies, this is the movie for you. If this is what science is about, then there is no need to be a scientist in the first place.   Now, I know that it sounds like I am bashing the movie, but I am not. It has its good points and it has its bad points. The good points are that the director of the movie knows how to make a good movie. The bad points are the bad acting, and bad writing. The acting is awful. It doesn't even look like the actors are acting at all. I mean, we have some actor that is talking and then there are two other people that are doing nothing. It just doesn't look like they are doing anything. The writing is just bad. You can tell that the writer is a fan of cheap jokes and just wrote a bad script. If they had done a better job with the writing, this movie could have been good. It might have been a little better than this. But even if they had made a better script, they still would have had to do a better movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only positive I can say about this movie is that it is a comedy.   The bad movie aspect is that all the characters are stupid, not because they are stupid but because they do not have much to do in the movie.  The plot is very simple, there is a war going on, and a group of soldiers (the Army) are fighting it.  All the soldiers seem to be idiots, and even though the movie is a bit old, they still don't seem to know anything about the war.  But the bad part of the movie, is that there is not a lot of fight scenes, which makes it quite boring.  This movie is not so bad, but it is not much better either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason why I liked this movie is because it's a remake of a French movie (that I have not seen), so it's got the right stuff in it: good acting, good effects, good music. However, the plotline is so far-fetched and nonsensical that I could not understand it. In the first part, the hero of the story, a young man called Jean-Pierre is trying to get to Paris. But he's stuck at the border because he was caught smuggling in a few cans of beer, so he's trying to cross it with a bunch of Indians. And this is all set in the past of a few centuries, so I just couldn't follow it. The movie then proceeds to take a long time to get going, which is to be expected in a movie that doesn't even have a real story. I was also a bit annoyed at the ending. I mean, who knows where the film is going to end up? It's a silly movie that makes no sense, so why waste your time watching it? It didn't even make me laugh once.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is like a piece of shit with a fucking gun.  A bunch of guys with shotguns are roaming around a village shooting at bad guys.    It's so boring, and the script is so shit, that I was ready to watch something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't say I was surprised by this movie, it is nothing but the same old story of two "savage" people and the "civilized" (i.e. European) man. There is nothing new about this story: it is a story of how the "primitive" man is driven to destroy the "European" man, and it is so obvious, and yet it is always followed by an attempt to prove how civilized and enlightened we are. There are two kinds of civilization in this world: first, there is civilization in the form of institutions like schools and hospitals, and there is a second kind of civilization, which is found among the tribes and primitive peoples, where there is no such thing as an institution. This kind of society is a sort of barbarism: it consists of a few primitive people who have nothing but their primitive instincts and no education, who have no concept of science, and who are not at all civilized, or at least not very civilized. It is an example of the second type of civilization which is the most savage type of any kind of culture: it has no institutions, no art, no literature, no culture, but it is savage, and so is this movie. I would like to say that this movie is a masterpiece: there is so much to admire about it: the cinematography, the acting, the music, the costumes, the set, the costume design, the effects, and the special effects, the special editing, the editing in both English and French, the writing, the directing, the dialogue, the use of the landscape, and, of course, the direction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have to agree with the majority of the reviews that I have read here. This movie is not only bad, it is also boring and unfunny. The story has some good elements, but it doesn't make the movie any better. I found myself thinking the whole time "Why am I doing this?" I guess it is because I have watched some other terrible movies in my life, but this was a really bad one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was totally bored out of my mind the entire time I was watching this. I'm a huge fan of comedy, but this is not funny. I was looking forward to watching it because I had a good feeling about it but it really didn't meet the expectations I had. The actors were all good but I felt like they all just did the same jokes over and over. There was no actual comedy in this movie. It was just a bunch of actors trying to out do each other.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love this movie, but it was just so-so. It had an amazing storyline, and some very well acted parts, but the acting was bad, it was almost like the movie was made for kids. The plot is interesting, and the actors are great, but I don't think it's a movie I would recommend for a kid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you can make a movie out of a book written by a drunk, that is. If you are an English professor, a film scholar, or a critic, you might find a way to justify it. If I were a professor, I'd find a better movie than "Sophie's Choice." I've seen the movie several times, but I still have not been able to make sense of it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way to end a bad film is to give a thumbs up to a bad book.  This one is about the time of the Roman Empire and it is very much the same as the Roman history you know.  It is an interesting book to read and I think you will like it.  I recommend it to all those interested in ancient history.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have not been this sickened since the first movie was released.  It is absolutely disgusting, but I must admit that it is pretty funny too.  The "Avengers" is a movie that has absolutely nothing going for it.    This movie should have been called "A venus flytrap movie."   It is a completely terrible movie, with a lot of stupid plot lines and a lot more terrible acting.  The movie begins with a group of scientists looking at a flytrap.  This is not a real flytrap, but a special trap designed to capture flies.  Then they go out and catch a fly that they find inside a fly trap.  As they are walking through a park they see a bunch of other scientists talking.  There are several different scientists who are talking about their work.  One of them says that the flytrap has a chemical that is very powerful and has never been seen before.  They then decide to put a bunch more of the flytraps out in the world.  Unfortunately they are all destroyed and they come up with an idea to get a bunch the fly traps out of a guy named Dr. Wunderle.  It turns out that Dr.Wunderle is a bad scientist who makes a lot off of the experiments he does on animals.  After he gets all the fly traps out of the way he decides to put out a flyer in the newspaper about it.   This is where the movie gets ridiculous.  First Dr. Werdenle tells a buncha random jokes and then a bunch o scientists come along and tell him how funny they are.  Dr.Klose (the lead scientist) says he loves Dr.Froodle's jokes.  And then Dr. Klose tells the scientist that he is going to give the flyer to Dr. Froodle to sign it. It turns into the most awkward scene in the history of movies.  So the scientists then decide that they are going to make a flyer of themselves.  Some of the other scientists say that they would rather sign a flyer than have a meeting with Dr.Einhorn.  I mean seriously, this is the movie.  That is why it is so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not sure if you could find a worse movie in the entire world.   The movie is about a woman who wants to go to the prom and a guy who has been asked to go on the same date.  It's basically a movie about a boy who is in love with a girl who doesn't like him and a girl that is in the wrong for not liking him.  The plot is just plain bad.  Even if you know about this movie, you have to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was terrible, the acting was terrible.  In my opinion, the plot and character development were a complete waste of time.  This is a "mockumentary" which is a term used to describe a movie about a movie.  This movie is about a mockumentary.  The story follows a group of actors who make a movie for their school's mockumentaries class.   This is one of those movies where the actors are not funny, they are not memorable, and they are so uninspired that I just couldn't bring myself to watch this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a film about two brothers who are brothers and they don't get along at all. They fight constantly. One of the brothers gets his face beaten into a pulp. And he ends up going to the hospital. He has brain damage. The other brother has his nose broken. It's all very bad.  The movie is so bad, it's bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an average movie about a group of high schoolers who all end up getting killed by the teacher in the movie. The movie is kind of cheesy and the plot is pretty simple and predictable. It's a fun movie though.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've always loved this movie, but I just had a hard time seeing how anyone could be offended by this movie. The story is just silly. It starts out with an all-star cast (including Paul Newman) singing a Christmas song in a restaurant that's run by a man named Santa. Santa and his reindeer come in and eat the food. One of the reindeers has a "thing" for the waitress. So Santa puts a little "gift" in a sack of sugar to make her like him. Santa is really bad at Christmas because the girls in his life are pretty terrible. The movie is really just a bunch of people getting together and singing a song about Christmas. There's not a whole lot going on in this movie; it's just a big party, with a lot of singing. I guess you could say that this movie is just a party, but with a few good songs. I found the movie to be funny. I don't know why people would find this movie offensive, and I don'st think they do. I mean, the "gifts" were pretty funny, and the re-indeer are pretty cute. I suppose it could be considered a "Christmas movie", but it doesn't really have anything to do with Christmas. It's just one of those funny little Christmas movies that people can watch with their kids. The only thing I really liked about this movie was the ending. It really brought it home for me. It was just so funny.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first act is a mess of bad comedy, but as it drifts along, it gets to the point: a man is dying of cancer.  He's a good guy, a nice guy, the kind of guy you would like to have as a neighbor in your neighborhood.  He is a good person who loves his wife and children.  In the end, however, it is his wife who kills him, her dying wish to kill him.  The plot is predictable:    the wife and her lover are going to kill the doctor and then themselves.  I have nothing to say about the screenplay except that it was a mess, the story was flat, and the acting was so bad that I was unable to understand what the heck was going on.   I will also say that I don't really get why they needed to cut out the part where she says, "You're so beautiful, and so perfect," to him.     The ending is stupid, but then again, I suppose that's to be expected. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film's only redeeming quality is that it doesn't attempt to be much more than a glorified, cheesy horror movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't believe I just saw this movie!   This movie is based on a true story about a famous actress named Betty Page.   She was an actress who did a lot of drugs.  The movie starts off very slowly, and this is not a good thing for the audience.  Betty Page is in jail for drugs. She has a friend named Mickey, who is a junkie.  They start to talk about drugs, and Page tells Mickey to "go ahead, do your worst, and then go home."   As the story progresses, we see that Page is not acting the way she is acting, and Mickey is becoming more and more dependent on her.  Mickey is also doing a lot more drugs. Eventually, Page becomes so drunk she gets sick. She tells Mickey she is going to the hospital, and he tells her to "get up, get your hair out, and get the fuck out."  This is where the story ends, as Page was able to get a shot of heroin, and she goes home.  There is some other stuff going on in the movie, but I don't think it is important.  What is important is that Page went home, and stayed home, in the middle of the night.  I don`t think that this is a good movie.  It is so slow.  One of the other things about this movie is that it is very graphic.  When Page is going out, she is dressed in her best nightgown, but as soon as she gets home she is naked.  This scene is very hard to watch, and is very painful to watch.  My favorite scene in the film is when Page has her hair cut.  In this scene, she looks very attractive.  You have to feel sorry for the girl who is cutting her hair, because this is the hardest thing to do.  After she has her head shaved, she has to be taken to the bathtub.  Here she is completely naked.   There is a lot to be said about how Page is treated in this movie. First of all, Page's friends and family don` t seem to be that concerned about her. Her friends just want her to get over it.  Then, the boyfriend of Page`s best friend doesn`t even try to stop Page` who has been taking drugs for so long.  He has to go out with a woman who is also a heroin addict.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm not going to lie to you, I loved this movie. It's a movie that will make you smile and laugh. This is a fun movie to watch and it's a good movie for a laugh. It has some funny moments but it also has some very sad moments and it made me very sad. It will make your day, maybe not even the best day of your life but it will make a good day for you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's bad but not as bad as the other "Fantasy" movies of the 80s.  If it was made by someone other than James Cameron then I might have liked it but the story line was stupid.    The story line is about a young man who gets a magical sword and the evil queen is a sorceress.  There is no other explanation than the story, the acting, the music and the CGI were horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good story with a bad ending.   The plot is bad, the characters are not likable, and the ending is the worst I've ever seen in a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie.   I was expecting to like it a lot more than I did.  This is just another bad movie with a bad plot.  There's no plot and I could have made a good movie out of the characters.  The film is about two women who become the victims of a serial killer.  If the film was more about the murder of a woman then it would have been a better movie. The plot is really stupid and the acting is not much better.  It has no real purpose except to make a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love this movie, it is one of the best comedies ever, but it also has some really bad things going on too, and if you have a hard time laughing at something then I highly recommend you watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a bad mess that's hard to like. It's really funny, and I really liked the idea of it, but it's just so uninspired. I really didn't think it was a very good idea. The first act is just a bunch of people sitting around talking. They're talking about how great they are, and how great their lives are. Then there's a scene where someone takes a picture of them. It goes on like that for a while. They then all have a little chat about how good they are and how much they love each other, and then they all have sex in the kitchen. The rest of the movie is just them having sex in every possible room of their house. They also do the same thing in the bathtub, they just change out of clothes. Then they have sex on the bed, in the closet, on the floor in the shower, on a desk in the garage, and even in the elevator. It was really funny at first, but I'm just not sure how to feel about it. I mean, I didn't laugh once. It just made me feel uncomfortable. I don't think I would enjoy this movie again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think the most boring movie I've ever seen.   It's basically a movie about a kid who has to go to a Halloween party, and a party in general, in which the guests are dressed as characters from horror movies.  He meets an attractive girl there, and they get drunk, but at one point he goes to the bathroom to take a leak and instead he gets attacked by a ghost.  I don't really understand the premise of the movie.  It has the same sort of generic plot as every other horror movie. It has a girl who's always looking for her lost friend and gets attacked and gets cursed and has to solve a series of puzzles and then fight the ghost. The ghost, who's a ghost with a voice box, talks in a very monotone voice and makes very stupid statements.  They're pretty much the same as most of the other ghost movies, and that's why I don;t like this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good movie that has nothing interesting to say. I mean, what the fuck does it even say? It has a guy who talks like a fucking caveman? He's a complete ass.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I thought it would be fun to play an evil mastermind for a day. I was wrong!   After watching the "The Day the Earth Stood Still" movie a couple weeks ago, I thought, "If it isn't bad enough that they had to make a sequel to that movie, they had better get a better cast than that"   So this movie is just the same old story of a scientist who's trying to find a cure for a deadly disease. He and his assistant are investigating a mysterious disease, and the only one who seems to be unaffected is his pet dog, which is really funny because you'll see why.   And to top it off, it's another poor excuse for a movie about science that isn't really scientific at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was an awful movie.   It's got a lot of ideas but they just don't work.  It tries to do some serious stuff about a bunch of kids in the middle of nowhere.  This movie is really about what kids in a small town are like.  I'm not sure if the director was really trying to show us a story or just trying to make some money out of it.  The story is a mess and I think the actors were all in it for the wrong reasons.  But I really do wish that it would have ended. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has no substance, and has nothing good to say about it. A bunch of losers are stuck in a train with a bunch of stupid-looking guys. And it's always funny how everyone is in their 20's. Everyone in the movie is an idiot, and it's all very sad. There is nothing funny about it at all.   It's just a buncha guys sitting around drinking beer, playing cards and trying to get laid. They all look like they don't know what they're doing. The movie doesn't make any sense, and the plot is a mess. I just don't see how they got away with making a film like this. It's not a bad film, it's just not worth watching.  - January 16, 2008Not worth watching
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know the original, I loved it. But that's not enough for me. I wanted to be a part of it and I got to be in the original. Not a bad remake either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad sequel to a bad film, and you could say it's a terrible sequel to the first film. There is very little of interest in this sequel.   The original film had an interesting story line with a few twists and turns.  The film ends with the same ending.  As for the sequel, it is a mix of bad acting, bad acting with bad acting.  I had never seen a sequel to anything that was that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a fun movie to watch, and a great one at that.  If you like good, silly comedies that are a bit silly, this is the movie for you.    It's also got the best cast in a movie of the year. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What's the worst thing about a movie like this is that it's all made up by some people who don't know how to act. It was a horrible movie from beginning to end.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The best part of the film was the title!   It's really hard to describe in a sentence, but if you've seen any of the horror movies from the 80s, this one will not disappoint you.   This film was a direct rip off of "Bloodsport", the first movie from the "Dawson's Creek" franchise.  A little "Blood'sport" and a little "Dawsons Creek" and that's it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this a few weeks ago. I was just in a coma when this movie came out. I had never seen anything like it before. I loved the idea of the alien trying to steal people's brains. It was really fun.   …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have seen a few movies about vampires, but this is one of the worst.    It is a bad adaptation of the novel by Stephen King.  This is a movie that should have been made in the 70's.  It tries to be a horror movie but the actors are terrible.  There is not enough blood, there is not too much gore, but there is too much bad acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I am in love with this movie, but it is not for the faint of heart. It is a horror film with no humor.  A good story is told, but I do not understand what made a horror movie about the supernatural. The characters are all stereotypes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie that was made by a terrible director.  It is a poorly written and bad directed movie.  It takes the premise of a zombie movie and tries to turn it into a cheesy zombie movie. This is a movie that is not funny, it is not creative, and it is a complete waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a bit too contrived for me. The characters are completely over the top and the story is completely irrelevant. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In fact, it is one of the most incompetent movies ever made.   The whole movie is just an insult to the audience.  They are given a bunch of stuff to do that could have been accomplished by someone who knew what they were doing.  But the director knows he is not good at his job, and is not interested in improving.  If he was a good director, he would have taken the time to put the audience to sleep with some of the stuff he chose to show them.  The plot is just so stupid and contrived that it is hard to believe it was made by anyone.  As an actor, I was impressed with some things I saw, but he really needs to take a class and learn how to act.  I don't know how to describe it but I was just so bored with this movie.  It is so bad it is almost funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You have to be kidding me.  They used to do this for a while.   "Boys, a real hot chick.  "  What they do now is to make them all go to the same parties with the same girls.  And all the girls they are dating are hot!  They even do the same music in every movie.  So, if you are going to see this one, you might as well see it all the way through to the end! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I haven't seen the first movie in the series yet, but I can tell you this: the first two movies were terrible. The first one was so bad that it almost broke my heart. It was a horrible movie that left me with a bad taste in my mouth and a bad feeling in my stomach.  The second one was even worse.   It was an insult to the intelligence and a horrible film.    There were moments that made me cringe so much that I felt sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was made in England, and so I can't comment much on it, but it is obviously a low budget affair.   I think that the producers should take a good look at themselves. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is not a movie about love. This is a movie which is based on a story of a young boy, who had a terrible accident. His mother's friend, was supposed to have brought him to a psychiatrist, who is also a psychologist. When the boy is found in a bad condition, he has a horrible experience. The psychiatrist tells him that there is a lot of bad things going on, but he should not worry. There are lots of people in his life who do bad things, and they will all get away with it, and he will be the one who has to pay for it. But it's a terrible, horrible life he's living, and a good thing he's not too old to do anything about it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a girl who is abducted from her home by aliens.  She goes to an alien planet where her life is ruined.    I wish I knew who she was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst film I have ever seen. I will never ever watch it again. The acting was awful, the story was boring and there was no action. I hate to say this, but it was a terrible film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know how they do it.   The entire movie is like a bad episode of Star Trek.  It's like the crew is stuck in the middle of a bad space battle and they have to make a few jumps to get out of the fire.  I mean, they don't get out because they are stuck in a bad battle?   This movie is so bad I can't believe I just spent $15 on a bad Star Trek movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie does a bad job of setting up. It starts off by making you think that we are in an adventure movie. Then it sets up a situation where the guy who is trying to find the girl has an accident and is hospitalized. The guy wakes up in a bed and is not sure what is going on. I didn't think it was too bad until we got to the part where the woman is trying in vain to get to the guy. This is where it gets bad. The woman gets to the hospital, gets to see the guy and then has a horrible idea: she is going to get in the ambulance.  She gets in, takes a look around and is confused. The ambulance is in front of the hospital. Then the ambulance is driving around in circles.    I think the movie should be called "The Guy Who Fell in a Hospital Bed" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A story about a couple whose son is a very bright boy. He is the most intelligent person I have ever met. He does all the things he can, and does them very well. He has a very sweet personality, but it is the only thing that keeps him from being a total failure.   He was a very bad student. He could not understand things, and when he did understand it, he couldn't say why. He was just stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    First off, if you're a fan of "Saw" this is not a bad film. I found myself smiling from beginning to end and was very pleased by the story. However, I was left confused by what happened next. I'm not going to spoil the ending for anyone. I was very disappointed by the ending. I have a feeling this film would be a very poor idea for any serious film maker. I can't wait to see the next "Sawn."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. The actors are bad. The acting is terrible. The plot is bad. It's not even that bad. Just bad.  I don't get the point of this movie.  It's about two bad guys who have to save the world from a race of people who are a race called the "Mongolians". They are evil.  The Mongols are really stupid.   And I mean really stupid, and the movie is about them.  I can't stand this movie, and I can barely stand watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's really not very good.   The action scenes are just horrible.  The movie was filmed with the camera in the background while the actors did everything in front of the camera.  I have never seen a movie that was so bad that it was funny.  It looks like they are just walking through a jungle.  This movie should have been called "The Jungle Movie" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is not that bad. I don't know why they make so much of it. It is an entertaining movie with an excellent performance by Steve McQueen. The ending is disappointing. It could have been so much better. It just leaves a bad taste in my mouth. I would have liked a bit more depth and some more action, but that's all. It's just too bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have no idea what the movie was about but I do know it wasn't a good one.   It had no plot, no plot at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story line is good. There is a couple of people who want to be a good guy, but are not. They end up in a lot of trouble. I didn't care much for this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie ever. It's a movie about a bunch of people who get killed and then go back in time and try to get revenge on their killer. If that isn't a cliché then I don't know what is. This movie is horrible and it never really gets good. The movie is only entertaining because of the ridiculous action scenes, stupid dialogue, and the ridiculous bad acting by the cast. There are even a few jokes that seem out of place in this movie. The only thing that keeps the movie going is the bad acting and the terrible dialogue. The best part of this movie is the final scene. If you haven't seen this movie then I'd advise you to watch it before it becomes a cliché. If this movie was an action film it would be the worst thing I've ever seen.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this movie is a slow burn.  It takes awhile to really get going, but once the movie really gets going, it is truly enjoyable.    This is a true story about a man who is trapped inside of his own mind.  I can not give this movie more than three stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I hate to start this off by saying that this is a terrible movie, and I mean that as the most positive thing I can say about it. It is the story of an elderly woman who, on her death bed, meets a stranger in a diner, and after a very brief time together, she dies. In her last moments she is told she will be reborn as a girl of the future. It's a nice ending to the story.   The film is nothing special. It starts with a man who wants to die. His son is very sad and refuses to talk to him about it, so he takes a small knife to kill him. In the film the old woman is shown to be a kind and loving person, but when she meets the stranger in the diner, she has nothing to say to him. It doesn't matter though, because she is resurrected as a young girl of 20 years, and she is very unhappy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really want to like this movie, but it just sucks.  The movie starts off very promising.   It seems like a movie about a couple of kids who live on an island in the middle of the ocean.    They seem to be good kids.  But then they get a shipwreck, and everyone is dead.  Then they are rescued by a ship, which is made up of a few zombies.  And then it gets even worse.  There is a zombie movie called Zombie 2: Rise of the Dead that came out in 1999.  The movie takes place on an uninhabited island.  This movie has a similar feel to the first one.  It has a few bad people and the zombies. I mean, there are a few people left on the island, but the zombies are a lot stronger and more intelligent than in the first movie.  I think it would have been better if they made the sequel about a boy who has a pet monkey.  Because then we would have a movie that is actually about a kid who is not on an isolated island but is living with his parents. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie ever. The actors all are terrible and the plot is really bad. All you get is an annoying woman telling her story. It is so bad it's funny. The worst thing about this movie is how you could tell from the beginning that it was going to be a bad film. The film is made up of three clips that don't fit together very well and the film ends with a terrible ending.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really enjoyed this movie. It had a great story, some great performances and a good plot. I didn't see much of it, but I really liked the way the movie was shot. The movie starts out slow, but then things get really good. This movie is a great example of what can be done with good actors and good production values. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's all over the place and doesn't make any sense. I think the only thing that works about it is that it's not too dark and too heavy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film about a "boy scout" and his dog who become "man's best friend" when they are attacked by a bear. The film is about how their dog is really a girl. When the dog gets killed, the "boy" becomes the hunter and the bear is "the hunter's prey". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is so bad that it is hard to know where to begin. I don't mean to be ungrateful, but this film is so poorly written that I don' t even want to begin to critique it. The story is about a woman who is hired to be a mistress for the wealthy owner of a hotel, and she is sent out to do a job for him. This job turns out to be the murder of a wealthy widow, and the mistress of the rich widow is very violent and not the kind of woman that you would want to get into bed with. She also has the reputation of being a sadistic, violent, and nasty mistress. The only thing worse than her is the other woman who has a very similar personality, who is also very sadistic and violent. The violence that is shown in this movie is quite disturbing, and it is pretty obvious that this movie was made to be watched by young children. It is very, very hard to watch, because it is so difficult to follow the plot, and because the violence is so very real and hard to look at. The acting is not much better than the writing. Most of the actors in this film are not very good, but the only actors who are good are the two wives, who are very sadistically violent. I have seen many horrible movies, but I have never seen anything like this. It was really horrible.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm very disappointed that this film didn't live up to its hype. It's a great story and has great actors but I have to say that the story and acting were just not good enough to warrant a rating above 1.0. I found the acting and story to be more of a distraction than a help. I'm glad I'm done with this film but I'm not going to see it again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the sequel to the original movie. You'll never get bored of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's hard to find a good movie about the Holocaust, but it's even harder to find an interesting one. This one, with a title like "Ghettos Are Forever," is all about the same old shit. A guy finds himself in a ghetto, and, of course, he is a Nazi. The movie is not funny. The script is uninteresting and it's too long. If you are an avid fan of Nazi propaganda, I'd suggest "Nazi" to you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's like the movie had a "soul" and then the film had a bad attitude about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie ever. The movie is a very long movie (at least 15 minutes). It starts off with an old man telling a young girl that she should become a "nurse" to save people's lives. She then says she has been told by her father that he is a good man and has a good life. Then she tells him that she has found out that he has been living with a woman who has been lying to him about being married. When he hears about it he decides to go to the house and kill her.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a movie that can be described in one word: Bad. It's not a bad film, in fact it's a fairly good film, it's just a bad one.   The story takes place in a dystopian future where the government has replaced all human beings with cyborgs, and it is the cyborg that becomes the hero.  As he is in a state of constant sleep and his body is constantly in constant pain due to his constant need to keep up with his human-ness he has to work for the government.  However, after his first encounter with a group of rebels he decides that he wants to be one of them and joins them.  He gets in some trouble but it's because he is trying to take back what is rightfully his and not because he wants anything in particular to happen.  Unfortunately it doesn't and he is captured and brainwashed into joining the rebel force.  I don't know what the writers of the film were thinking when they wrote this one but I can't help but feel it is one of those films where you can't really have much fun watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what to think about this movie.  I was expecting something more out of a horror film but this was just boring.  The acting was terrible and the movie never made me laugh.  There were too many bad jokes and it wasn't funny at all.   I think this film is just too stupid to be taken seriously. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to put this movie in the negative because the ending is a total bummer.  The characters are very bland.   Even the kid has a very bland personality.    I think this is just another example of how children are spoiled for choice when it comes to movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really wish I had the chance to see this movie, and then I realize that I did.   The story starts off in a way that is so bad, you almost laugh at the sheer stupidity of it.  It's about a girl who's parents are moving to a new house that she's never been to.  Her brother, who is a good guy and really kind, is going to help with the moving.  She is having trouble finding a new dress for her new room, and when she finally does find one, she finds it is not really a dress at all.  Then the room starts to fall apart, and the dress is found to be made out of wood.  When she finally gets it on, she sees that it is made out... of wood, and it is falling apart.  That's all it is, really, really bad.  But, in the end, when she realizes she is in trouble, and that the room is falling down on her, she thinks she has found a dress to help her.  In the end it turns out that the dress she is looking for is actually a bed sheet, which is then covered in a sheet of paper.  Well, this really is the story of a girl with a bad imagination, who thinks she is a princess, and gets lost in a castle. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had been wanting to see the new The Mummy for a while, and finally found a screening for the movie that I wanted to see. Unfortunately, I had to sit through a movie that was just awful. I'm not sure how many times I had a headache from the first minute I saw the movie.   The story revolves around a group of people that are trying to save their village from the evil mummy that has been terrorizing the people for many years.  The bad acting, the bad plot, and the bad effects were just the things that made me not want to watch this movie. I was hoping to see a good movie, but unfortunately, it didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm a sucker for any movie with the word "slapstick" in the title. I have never heard of this one before. I'm sure I will see it in a theater near me! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film that I would be very interested in if I didn't have to put up with its bad acting, bad dialogue, bad plot and bad direction. The movie starts off with a woman trying to get a divorce from her husband because she is afraid that he will cheat on her again. Her ex-husband had cheated on her a few times. So she decides to get the divorce, but after she gets the divorce she learns that she is pregnant. She's not very happy about this and tells the judge that her ex- husband won't have his name taken off the birth certificate because of his previous infidelity. The judge, being the typical lawyer that he is, doesn't buy it. So the movie goes on to explain that when a woman has an abortion it can be difficult to recover. And since a man's name is still on the birth certificates it is considered that he had an abortion. Now since the ex-wife is pregnant the husband is going to have to pay child support. He is going in to court and arguing that since he was never a good father to the baby and he was not even involved in the pregnancy he doesn't have the right to get child support from the ex. Well that just doesn't work. So he ends up being forced to pay a child support of $800 a month.   I would recommend this movie if you are into bad acting and bad dialogue. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only reason that I like this movie is because it reminds me of the time I spent with my dad at a summer camp.   This movie has a lot of the same themes and emotions as the camp. I mean, it's basically an old black and white western that takes place at a cabin with a bunch of kids who are trying to keep a campfire going.    It's not a bad thing to watch a movie that reminds you of the old west, and it's not that bad a movie.  This isn't a bad, or bad-looking movie. It has its moments, but nothing really bad about it.  The music is pretty good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a fan of horror, this is the perfect movie to watch:    The story is very similar to "The Silence of the Lambs" with a young female serial killer, she is caught and gets locked up in a mental institution.   A little later the movie shows us a young boy named Kevin, he sees a strange woman in a white dress, he runs out and she follows him and then the woman is gone.  The movie is very graphic and disturbing with very little humor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a poorly made film, with a few interesting concepts. The story is boring and not very interesting. I wouldn't recommend it, except that it's not bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this in a movie theater on a Friday night. I had just seen "The Dark Knight" and thought "there is no way this movie can be any good" I have been to many movies and this was by far the worst. I think this is a movie that should have never been made.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A poor man's "Star Wars" (yes, I know I'm repeating myself) movie: A poor man is on his deathbed when he sees "Star wars" coming on the television. He decides to take his son on a trip to the "Star worlds", so that he can see for himself what he's been promised by the "wizards of old". He gets lost and is forced to buy a bus ticket to the nearest town. He gets off at a bus stop and sees a group of guys in the town square. One of them asks him "what's a man like you doing in a place like this?". The guy is a dwarf. He's wearing a very small hat, a tattered, ragged, and tattered shirt. He has a strange smile on his face, and a pair of glasses with a long black wire dangling from them. He is walking slowly, and has a bad accent. He points to a small building on the outskirts of the town. "That's it, the Star worlds!" he says. The dwarf is taken by surprise by the crowd, but quickly finds his way out of the crowd. He starts walking up the street and looks up and down it. "Where are the stars?" he asks. "Oh, I don't know. I'm sorry, I couldn't see any stars." He continues walking up and up the road, until he gets to a wall. The brick wall is very old, and looks worn. "It must be a very old building," he says, "because the stars are shining on it." The dwarf looks down the wall and sees that the stars aren't shining on the wall. He continues to walk up the hill, but suddenly he falls and hits his head. He looks up, and sees an old man sitting in a chair, reading a book. The old man turns around and looks at the dwarf, and says "what is your problem?". "I don't understand," the dwarf says. "You can't see stars without glasses?" "No, I'm blind. The glasses are too big." The old dwarf looks at him, and then looks down at his shoes. "Do you have shoes like that?" he says to the dwarf. "No," the old dwarf says, looking at the floor. "Well, you look very odd, dwarf, but I don the only way to see stars," he tells the dwarf in a strange accent. The Dwarf looks up
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last few years have been a good time for me and my family. We've been to several different places and have seen a lot of different things, both in my family and out of it. The first movie I ever saw was Star Wars: Episode IV: A New Hope, and I must say, it was one of my favorites as well. It was just a lot more fun than most of the other films in that series, with lots of action and lots of laughs. The second movie was Empire Strikes Back, and it was a little bit better. It's a bit slower and a little darker, but it still had the humor, action, and the good old fashioned Star Wars battles. And, the third movie was Return of the Jedi, and was a whole new adventure! The plot, which I'll admit is not original, is that there is an evil evil empire that has been building an army for centuries. The emperor is not only a bad guy, but he's a very bad guy. He wants to rule the universe. But he has a weakness, and that weakness is Luke Skywalker, and, by the way, he's an orphan. He's got a real hard time getting along with the other orphans, but there's a really good reason why the other orphan children like him. So, he does get along with Luke, and he's the only one who can defeat the evil empire. But, by this time, the evil emperor has been destroyed, and there is now a democratic government that is trying to get to know the galaxy. They are all trying to figure out how they can be successful, and Luke, having learned a lot from the first movie, is ready to take the lead. Well, the first half of this movie was really fun, but the second half had some really bad things happen to Luke, who was supposed to be the hero of the story. It got to the point where the movie became just sort of a bad-guy movie, and I don't know what I thought of it at the time, but that was not the kind of movie I enjoyed. I was kind of disappointed in the whole movie, but I'll say it again: It's fun to watch, but not very good.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of those terrible movies you just can't stand.   The director is a pretty decent guy and the rest of the crew is decent too, but the script is so bad, that you just want to put your head in the toilet and do it all over again.  There are so many problems with this movie, and I can't even count them all, so I'll just list them one by one:  1. There is not even a sound track, the actors all talk, and it makes no difference what they say.  2. It takes place in a movie theater, and the screen is all black, so that when the movie starts, you can't see anything.  3. The movie is so stupid, that even the kids can't take it seriously.  4. The special effects are horrible.  5. There are too many sex scenes in this movie.  6. It's so cheesy that it's not funny.  7. The director never learned to make a good movie, so he made a bad one.  8. It just keeps going and going, so you'll never see a good ending.  9. It should be noted that this movie is not rated R because it is so awful, but R because the whole movie is stupid.  10. I don't know why the producers thought that this was a good idea, because it isn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very excited about this movie.  I didn't even realize how bad it was until I was watching it on TV.  The movie opens with a woman named Laura, played by the wonderful Elizabeth Perkins, in her home alone, as a storm rages outside.  Her daughter, played, once again, by Elizabeth Perkins (yes, she looks exactly like her mom), enters the house and immediately starts to act like a baby.  It's a very creepy scene, especially for those of us who grew up in the 70's with such films as Night of the Living Dead, Dawn of the Dead, and the remake of that movie, Invasion of the Body Snatchers.  She runs around the house, doing silly things like walking up the stairs and putting her shoes on backwards.  Then she goes to the kitchen and picks up a glass of milk from the refrigerator, then tries to drink it.  And then...  It gets worse.  Laura tries to get the milk out of the glass, and it starts to drip down her legs.  We see this, again, at the beginning of the movie. This isn't an action movie. It's an animated comedy.  All of the bad guys are just a bunch of kids.  When I was a kid, I loved to watch the cartoon Night of a Thousand Cats, where the cat family was a group of mischievous and bad-tempered little kids. This movie is a re-make of that cartoon, but the characters have been given an almost child-like innocence.  One character even says, "The whole world is our oyster."  This movie was a disaster when it first came out.   Unfortunately, it has been re-released several times since then, and has become more and more "acceptable" as time has passed.  At the time of this review, the movie is showing in a local movie theater in St. Louis.  While it is clearly not the worst movie ever made, it is still a fairly awful film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a horrible movie that's so bad that it's good! I thought it was supposed to be a "Halloween" movie. I guess they couldn't get their head out of their ass and thought a Halloween movie with a killer clown would be a hit.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've seen this movie 3 times now and have to say it is not a good movie.   The acting is so bad it is hilarious.  I have watched this movie so many times that my head hurts.  What a way to start the year!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the story of a young woman, who moves to a small town to live with her aunt. The first thing she notices is a man walking down the street with a dog. The dog barks at him, but she ignores it. She moves to the front door, but as soon as she gets in, a man knocks at it, and when she asks who it is, he answers, "I'm looking for a man." She is confused by this, so he introduces himself as "John," and she asks what he is looking for. He tells her he's looking for an old lady, but when she answers, she has a cat in her lap. The man is offended by this because he thinks she's a dog, and he tells her to get out of his house, and she does. The next day she finds the old lady on her porch. She is looking around, and the man comes over and says, "She is not a dog," and the old woman is startled by this and tells him she's an old woman. He says, however, "You're very beautiful," and he then asks her where she lives. She tells him, and after he says goodbye, she tells him to be careful.    She then goes back inside, and a few minutes later, she hears the sound of a car driving away. She follows the sound, and finds the car in the distance. When she gets to the car, it's gone. She then goes inside and starts to eat her dinner, and notices the door is open. She goes inside, opens the door, and discovers John standing there, but he tells she's not a girl. He then says, he's going to kill her, and puts a knife to her neck, and then runs away.  The film's main problem is its characters, which seem to be created only to be killed. The girl is the only character who seems to have a purpose in the movie, but her character is never developed. In the next scene she's dead, and in the next she's talking. She has no story. She's not developed. She doesn't have a reason for existing in this movie.  There's also a lot of pointless violence in this film, which is even more noticeable when you realize that it was made in 1977.  One thing I did like about this movie was that it showed a little bit of a sense of humor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first half of this film is a slow, boring journey that never really gets started. The second half of the film is another boring and slow trip. The movie is a sequel to a novel by William S. Burroughs that has been written before. I think the author was trying to make a movie that was very much in the vein of the Burrough's novels and I guess he succeeded. The first two minutes are very slow and I'm surprised that there wasn't more of a plot to follow. The book starts off with a murder in a car. After the murder the car is stolen and we are left with the detective in the car who gets the description of the suspect from a radio and then is left wondering who was responsible for the murder. There are also a few brief references to the drug business and a couple of other people involved in it. This is not a very interesting film, in fact it is very boring.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was pretty much the worst thing I've ever seen.   The premise is so terrible, it's not even funny.  The lead character is a little girl who has a big, floppy hat and has a very strange way of talking.  I never want to see this movie again, and I'm not even a fan of horror films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not so bad that I couldn't get through it.  The actors did a great job and the writing was pretty good too.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why this movie got made.  The film is set in a world where a woman, called Dolly (I never liked her character), is a witch who can't control her own actions.   She has a husband, Jack, a farmer, and a little girl, Polly (she was so annoying, I was so sad she was dead.  I thought they would have given her a happy ending.)    This is one of those movies where it's hard to remember a lot of the plot.  The story starts with Dolly taking a child away from her to be raised by a "good" man who will never be a "bad" man.  This child is an infant, so Dolly takes the baby away.  Then, Dolly has the child taken away, and when Jack finds out that she has taken the child away, he takes the child to the "good man".  It turns out that the "bad man" is a man named Lassie.  Lass is a mean, sadistic man who enjoys torturing animals and is only interested in the pleasures of his own body.  It seems like a bad guy with a nice body to me, but I guess that's because I don't like bad guys.  Dolly gets a "gift" from a fairy, the fairy turns out to be a witch, and she makes Dolly wish that she were a girl.  (I guess that would make a good movie title.)  When Dolly turns into a girl, she meets a group of girls who want to be girls, so they turn into girls too.  When she meets the boy who she wishes to be like, she realizes that she can't change into a boy because she has the gift of wishing herself into a beautiful woman.  But it turns out the "woman" she wishes herself into is actually a man.   The movie seems like an attempt to show how girls are different than boys.  However, that's not what this movie does.  What this movie shows is how silly it is to think that girls are the same as boys.   Dolly and the other girls have the same dreams and goals as the boys, and the boys want to make money and have girls.  Now, the girls want to live with the boy, not the other way around.  Even the girls who wish to live like boys have a dream of their own.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad, bad movie. I watched it with a group of friends and all of us hated it. I don't think it was the script. I'm a big fan of John Travolta. I didn't enjoy him at all. I guess he's just not good at acting. I thought it was just a bad remake of a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The best thing about this movie is that it was made for the money, and I'm sorry, but the movie makes that very clear.   I had a good laugh out loud at the first five minutes.  It's like a little boy sitting on his daddy's knee telling him that he loves him.  If it was any good I don't know what would be the point in watching it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen in my life! I'm sorry, but I'm a complete idiot! I loved this movie! I liked the character and the movie was funny. But, I think the movie would have been better if the story had been changed a bit. The first act is pretty good, but the second act is completely horrible! I didn't know what the point of this movie was, but when I saw it I was so angry! The movie was about a dog who was raised by humans, but was then abandoned by the humans! I really don't understand what they were thinking to do with a dog! I wish I could give this movie a negative rating!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love this movie. It has a lot of weird humor and the story is very interesting and I like it. I do not see how it can get worse, but I can imagine that it could.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a poor movie that is a horrible waste of time. The only good thing about it is that the actors and the story are both good.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A group of teenagers try to get their parents to let them do a prank on their school. They have a great time doing it and then get caught.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love this movie. It is a good horror movie. There are a lot of different things going on in this movie, but they all work well. The story is really good, and the acting is all good. The ending is good too, but there are too many things going in the movie to make it worth watching.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a bad film, but it's not good either.  The acting is bad, and the story, while interesting, is not very original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not even going to attempt to summarize this movie. There is no way to do so because you will never understand the plot, nor why it is such a horrible piece of work. There was no way for the director to think. All he had to do was to take the money and go back to his hotel room, and have a good night's sleep. But instead, he decided to take a shower, get in the shower and then, in the middle of the shower, start laughing uncontrollably. And then he would stop and laugh a couple more times before finally getting out of the bathroom. And this is how he ended the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a fan of the "Star Wars" franchise and you're looking for a good time, this is the movie for you. It is a funny little movie, filled with plenty of laughs. It also has a few things in it that will make you smile. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to make a brief comment on this movie. It is not a bad film but it is not much good either. It has an extremely limited budget and this makes it a real disappointment. It feels like the director and screenwriter were trying to get a laugh out of it, but this is only partially successful. I did find the character development to be rather shallow but the writing is pretty bad, with a terrible use of "I" statements and other such cliches. The special effects were pretty lame. This was a fairly amateurish film but I was disappointed by it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched a few movies in my life, and this is by far the worst one I have ever seen.  If the film makers had any idea what they were doing, they would have made a much better film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you don't have time to watch this movie, just leave it. It's just too short. It has no humor, no plot, and no character development.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've seen a lot of bad movies in my time, but this one really sucked.   It was boring and uninspired and the acting was awful.  I can't think of anything bad about the movie except that it's just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have a very hard time understanding how this movie got made. It was a movie about a woman trying to kill herself because she was a lesbian. What was she supposed to do? Be a lesbian? She couldn't even walk down the street in heels! It was just so bad and silly. It had one of those scenes where the woman would be in a bathtub and she was all "It's cold in here" and the bathtub is really cold and she gets out of it and it was just really bad. It's a bad film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As far as I know, the only way you can get rid of a bad smell is to throw a bunch of gasoline on it.   I'm not sure why, but this movie stinks worse than the worst perfume in the world.  The plot involves a man who can't get laid (because his name is Jim, and not J. ). So he starts a cult that teaches guys to "get laid." The first day, the cult's leader is asked to take a girl to the mall, so he takes her to the bathroom and asks her to lick his dick.  The girl licks his dick for a while, then gets sick.  She leaves the bathroom, but when she comes back in, he's gone.  Then she goes to the doctor, who says she has stomach cancer.  He tells her she has to get surgery right away.  To get surgery, the girl has to take pills for about a week.  When she's finished, the doctor tells her that she has no cancer and that she can go home.  So she goes home.   And it's not long before she finds out that there's a girl at the mall who also has stomach problems, and she has been there since she was nine.  And so begins a bizarre love triangle of two pretty, smart, and talented young girls who can only see each other through a mirror. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've heard it said that the title of this movie should be " The Last Temptation of Christ ".  This is, however, not the last time Jesus will be tempted to sin and fall.  He has a long road ahead of him.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A great way to pass the time. I found myself cheering on the good guys who weren't even good at it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really wish I was dead. This movie is so bad. It's really funny and stupid, but it's also kind of sad, in a way. I wish I could get my mind around the way this movie's story is set up: we're supposed to think that the killer has a "perfect" plan, and that he's only been doing this for three years, but the film never shows us that the plan doesn't work. It takes all of the "perfect plan" and runs with it, and never explains what it is. It starts off as a comedy, with the killer playing the part of a maniac, then it takes a dramatic turn, but never explains why. It seems like there are two separate stories here: the first one is about the killer, and his plan, which is all there is to it. And then the second one is all about the cops trying to catch him.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie had a really bad ending. I was not going to be satisfied with this movie at all, but this movie had no redeeming qualities whatsoever. I mean, this movie just didn't make any sense. I've seen many other bad movies that I just didn't understand what the hell was going on.   The only reason why I'm giving it a 3 is because it did have a couple of good moments, but there was a whole lot more to this movie than I could possibly explain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is not a good movie. I will not be surprised if the makers get into a legal battle over this film. It's a horrible excuse for a movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie ever made. I would not recommend this movie to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, I've seen a few bad movies, and the majority of them I enjoyed. I'm no great critic, and this one I didn't really have any problems with. It's just a cheap attempt at a horror movie, and it's not bad at all. It gets the job done, and then some. The only thing that bugs me about it is the fact that it's so cheap, because if you paid $7 for this, you probably don't have enough cash to even go to the movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not so much a comedy as a farce. The entire movie revolves around a man, who was born with the gift of speaking in tongues, and he has been trying to find a way to use it to make a living. Well, he meets a girl who is also born with it, and they decide to join a cult that believes that you can become more powerful by speaking in various tongues. In fact, the main character is in fact a demon who comes out of the mouth of the woman in order to have sex with her. There is a lot of sex in this movie, and it doesn't help that the script is just terrible. The dialogue is so terrible, it is hard to understand what the characters are saying, or why they are doing what they are. It's hard to believe that this movie was made in the early 80s, but then again, this is a movie about a demon, so it shouldn't be too surprising. I'm sure there are many people who watched this movie who think it is hilarious, and many people I know who think the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie. The story is about a young girl who lives with her mother in an apartment and is forced to work as a maid for a rich family. She is told that her mother is dying, and that if she does not do this job, she will die too. She does this job for about a year and a half, and is told not to tell anyone, or else they will kill her. She tries to tell the family about her mother's illness and how she would die if she did not do it. Her mother is extremely sick and will die soon. So she does it. It is horrible. The acting is terrible, and the plot is terrible. It would have been better if it had just been a regular old story about a family and a girl working in a family's house. The only good thing about it is the music. It's nice and upbeat and upbeat. There are no memorable lines in the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In a way this is a shame because the acting is decent and the story is interesting, but the pacing is just about horrible.   I was expecting a more coherent movie, not a mess of incoherent and uninspired story elements, but still, the movie is not very good and has a weak ending that is even more incoherent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was not very good. I don't like this movie. The story was terrible. And the acting was horrible. I was really upset. It really ruined my day.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I haven't seen this movie since its release and I still don't like it.  It's not a bad film by any means, but it's not much of a film either.   The film has a couple of interesting characters, but nothing to really get excited about.  There is a great story at the core of this film, but the characters are so one-dimensional that it's almost impossible to care about them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie, but it is a pretty decent movie. The film does try to show that there are some good people in the world, but the movie itself is a complete failure. The main character is an alcoholic who seems to enjoy getting drunk and fighting, but this is completely unrealistic and the movie wastes a good number of its run time on him trying to get drunk and fight, all the while being chased by his family and friends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that needs to be watched only once, but twice will make it a truly memorable experience.  The movie does have a certain feel to it that I enjoyed, however I would've liked more character development.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the reason I will never own a Wii U. You have the most incompetent lead actors in the business. I'm not sure if they had to do the movie or if they were told to do it, but it's pretty bad. The movie itself is boring, and the writing and acting is awful. I don't want to watch this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I haven't seen this movie in years.  And I can't think of a good reason to go see it again.   The actors and the plot are all kind of bad.    This is the only movie I've seen that has a woman in the lead role who is also an ex-convict.  The plot revolves around a drug dealing organization run by the wife of a drug dealer.  She's an ex convict who was caught selling drugs and now runs a "smuggling operation".  She sells her drugs on the street by using her husband's car to get them.  The guy she's driving is the head of the organization.  It is obvious from the beginning that the husband isn't happy.  He has a lot of enemies and the wife is getting the drugs to him.  Also, he seems to be constantly drunk and is not good with his job.  If you're not familiar with the movie, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I've ever seen! The story is all wrong, and there's nothing funny about it.   This movie should be on the "bad" list, but instead is on the list of "funny" movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had this on VHS and loved it. But it was really bad. It was a very cheesy movie. The whole thing felt like it was shot on VCR's or a cheap video camera. The movie is about a girl who runs away from her family because she doesn't want to be a part of it anymore. She goes to a town called "Eden" and tries to find a place to live. She ends up at a local motel and gets a room with a man named "Jim" who is a very mean, evil and abusive guy. This guy doesn't get along with the girl either and the girl is really terrified of him. It is obvious that they are meant to be together and they hate each other. In the end, the girl ends up getting raped by the guy, and the end.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're looking for a movie with a bunch of stupid, out of date actors in it that are going nowhere and aren't trying very hard, this might be your movie.   It is a bunch on lame actors, not one of them is a good actor and the movie is really bad.  This is probably the worst film of the year for me, and probably one of the worst movies of all time.  I think the worst part is that it is a bad, bad movie, but it's not a bad bad movie. It's a bad boring movie that I don't want to see again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a movie with no soul.  A story about a group of poor people who try to get rich by robbing a bank.  They steal some money and they take a picture of it. They try to show it to a newspaper man and he wants to sell it.  But the story doesn't make any sense and it is all based on the word "taken"   This is the second movie from this director who has a reputation of making bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first few minutes of this film are extremely disturbing and not for the squeamish. I was watching a horror film with a lot of gore and blood and when I heard a woman screaming it really got me.   As for the film itself, it's not bad, but nothing too special. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie does not have a lot going for it: It's a bad old-fashioned comedy that takes place in a movie theatre and doesn't tell a good story. The only thing that makes it tolerable is the fact that it's made by the director of "Dune" (1982) and that there are two good actors playing the roles of the "hunchbacked" man and the fat lady. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie with absolutely no redeeming qualities. It's not just bad, it's really bad. The acting is horrible, the story is a non-starter, the characters are completely unlikable and the whole thing is so bad that I feel that if they had tried to make it up to the audience with some pretty good acting, it wouldn't have been any better. It would have been just a bunch of people talking in the same voice, all repeating the same things.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been a bit disappointed with the last couple of movies that the studios have put out from this studio. I didn't particularly like the first film and I thought that it would be the last, but I was wrong. The next film is actually pretty good, but the third is a real let down. There are some good points in this film, like the fact that the main character is a girl who loves her family and has her own family. There is a good scene in this movie when her father takes a trip out to see the stars. She is in her car, watching the stars with her father and the car is filled with beautiful images of the stars, one of them is a star that is so beautiful that it looks like it's made of diamonds, and it's a star in a star field. It's beautiful, but it's also a starless sky. The third film actually does a good job of making us feel like the characters are real, but they really don't have much of a personality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a joke. This movie had no character or humor to speak of. The main character was a man named Charlie who just happened to be an elephant. It's like they used an elephant for a man and the whole thing is very strange. It has nothing to do with elephants and everything to do about man's inhumanity.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have never been a fan of horror movies, but this is one of the most boring and bad movies I've ever seen.   The main characters were creepy, but were nothing special.  It wasn't until the final scene that I felt any sort of sympathy for the characters.  My favorite part of the movie was the sound effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I never got into the first one, even though it had the most "interesting" premise in the world.   There's a bunch of people in a spaceship with a bunch  of weapons, and the first thing we learn is that they're all pretty good shots, but none of them are the best.  The aliens seem to be made of some sort of jelly or gel.  There are a couple of really nice effects in this movie: a lot of the time there are little explosions and the camera follows them.  Some of the special effects are pretty bad.  It's hard to know who's talking or what the movie is about.  I thought it was supposed to be a comedy, but it was way too long.  One thing I like about this movie is that we learn about all of the weapons they're carrying.  As a kid I liked seeing weapons in movies, but they never seem to exist in real life, so it's always a good way to kill someone.  This movie is just too long for its own good, and I'm not even sure how much we actually learn.  Overall, it's just a bad film with no good reason to exist.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really hated this movie, and I am not surprised, as it's just a bad idea. It's supposed to be a comedy about a group of friends who take a camping trip together, but ends up in a zombie apocalypse. I mean, it's a zombie movie, so what else is there to say about it? It's just not funny at all, and doesn't have a single redeeming feature. The movie starts with the typical 'group of friends take a trip to a zombie-infested camp'. So far so bad, but this movie goes downhill from here. I will admit that there is some funny moments throughout the movie, like when the group is trapped in the woods, the group has to break out of the trees, and they actually make it to the camp and try to make some food. Unfortunately, the movie is just about the worst and most boring movie I have ever seen.  The zombies are the worst:   This movie also starts off with the usual 'group take a break from normal life and take a fun trip' routine, but soon becomes about a zombie outbreak. They all decide to just wait for it to die down, but then it turns out there are more zombies than people, and this is when the real trouble begins.   I can't even begin to describe the horrible things that happen in this movie. It would be impossible to describe all of the disgusting scenes that are shown in this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a remake of a very bad movie about the time of the first World War, where a group of German soldiers have to do a dangerous job in a concentration camp. The first time the movie was shown it was in a cinema, then a cinema. I don't know if I have seen this movie at least twice.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've seen this movie over and over again. I am no longer surprised at the badness of the movie. The acting was laughable. The dialogue was stupid. The story was laughable, the story was about the same as the original film. The movie is about a young man who is trying to find the family that abandoned him. The family is being kept in a large house. The young man has a special ability that allows him to see in the dark, and to hear the voices of the people who are sleeping. He is also able to manipulate those voices into doing his bidding. He eventually discovers the family and the house. This is a fairly bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot:  The film opens with a scene of an elderly woman having a conversation with her son about the life and times. Her son tells his mother that they've been waiting all these years for the "right" man to take the place of her husband. When he comes home with a bridegroom in a white wedding dress, his mother thinks it's a joke. She's so old, her body is frail and there's a big hump in her chest. I could never understand why she's in this film. The other young women all think it's "a joke" and they don't get the joke. Then the movie's over and there is no more of it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I have ever seen, but it was funny. I don't think they knew what they were doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is the worst movie I've ever seen. It is very bad. It's a movie that doesn't do anything right. It has nothing to do with the book it's based on. I'm just not sure if I like it at all. I wish I had to do it all over again, but I'd rather not. I hate the title. It makes me think of a cartoon about a pig, and the movie is not funny.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was very poorly made. It had a great cast and the cinematography was wonderful, but the movie was a complete disappointment. The plot of this film is just like all other westerns, a gunfight, a rescue, a chase, a damsel in distress, and a happy ending.   This is a pretty bad movie, but it is one of the most well made westerns I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had never heard of this movie before and I found myself enjoying it.   The movie takes place in a futuristic world and is set in the year 2099.  A woman called Alice, the leader of the Resistance, discovers that there is a giant alien spaceship orbiting Earth and she decides to go investigate.  The story is very interesting and it does not follow the typical plot lines of sci-fi movies.  There are some interesting moments but it never goes beyond a few pages of the script.  This movie is a good time if you are a fan of sci fi. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a horror movie.   The main character is in a bad mood when he arrives home and hears the doorbell.  The doorbell rings again and he goes to answer it.  He is surprised to find that there is no one there.  A creepy old man with a cane walks into the house and says he is sorry, but he has to leave right away because there is a party going on tonight.  As the man leaves the house, the old man starts to sing to himself.  We can hear him singing, "The house where the ghost haunts the night."  It is a short movie and the only scary part is when the old lady sings a creepy song.  I love this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the end, we're left with a terrible film.  This is one of those films where I was left thinking about the terrible things the film had to offer, but was never able to get emotionally involved.   I guess that's what makes it so sad: the way that these people end up in this place is a tragedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie that does not stand the test of time.   The writing style is awkward and the acting is bad.  If you have a low tolerance for bad movies this one is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad film. It is full of bad acting and bad writing. It has a bad premise and terrible acting. The story line is laughable. It's a bunch of old people in a nursing home getting together to reminisce about their former days, but the plot line is terrible and the actors are not that good either. It just doesn't have a lot of heart and it has a cheesy ending. It doesn't matter how you view it as a bad comedy, you just shouldn't watch it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a bad joke. The movie has some cool scenes but they are just for show. The script is bad. The film was shot on location in the mountains near Monterey and is about a group of hikers who make a stop at a cave. The group is led by a young guy named Chris (Peter Fonda) who is trying to escape from his girlfriend (Julie Christie). It is an interesting story but the movie is just so dull. The acting is terrible, the acting is bad in this movie. The only good scene is when they are climbing the rocks. The bad acting is the best thing about the movie. It is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just an uneventful film. The plot has a few nice twists at the end, but for the most part this is a boring film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really dumb, but not in a bad way.  If you like to be scared, this is the movie for you.  This is a movie that's made to scare people and make them laugh.  The actors who are in it are not even good at their job, it's just bad acting.  I guess I will never watch a movie with that many actors in it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a good looking movie and has a few good moments.    It's not good enough to be a great movie, it's good enough for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bad bad movie.  Not a bad film, it's a terrible film.    I hated it from the moment it started. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a film from the 90's where they tried to show a lot of violence in a relatively short time.   This is the movie where they did that.  The film is not bad but the story doesn't work very well.  It just seems like they wanted to show the action but the plot is pretty boring.  One thing I did like was that there were some people who were not good characters like the woman who was a thief who stole the family's money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I love a good western (my all-time favorite) and this is one of the best, but it is also a piece of trash that just does not work. I would never waste my time on something like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I never thought I would say this but...  My son and I went to see this movie about a guy who gets his wife murdered because he was being mean to her, and who goes on a killing spree to avenge her death.  If you don't know this movie you should really get it before you have kids!  But it's the worst movie I have ever seen.   So I'm going to talk about the movie for a minute because this is one of the worst movies I have seen, and I'm sure if you are a parent you will hate it.  But first, we are introduced to this man who gets involved in an unsolved murder.  He starts to wonder why this murder is unsolved, and goes on his killing spree until he finds out he has to go to prison for killing his wife.  It doesn't take a genius to figure out what is going to happen, and it starts off very badly.  This man is being treated very poorly by the other inmates and they all seem to be on drugs.  I thought this would be a great movie and it would get better as the story progresses, but unfortunately it did not.  The movie just goes on for what seems like hours with nothing happening, but this man is on a rampage, killing everybody in sight.  There is absolutely no explanation as to why he is on this rampage.  Some people might say he was suffering from a mental problem, and this could be the case, but I found it impossible to believe that he could have killed this many people without a mental breakdown.  We see him in a bar and we see him with a gun, and we don't get a hint of this until later.  What is even more disturbing is when he goes to a home and finds it empty.  A home that could have had a family and a kid, but we never see a body.  And as a parent, this makes me sick to my stomach, and yet I found this to be the most disgusting thing I have watched in a long time.  The other prisoners and guards are also very horrible.  If this movie had been made for children, the children would have been in tears the whole time. This is the type of movie you do not want to watch.  Just to give you an idea of how disgusting this movie is, it would take about 3 hours to see the whole movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a disaster. I'm not going to pretend it wasn't awful, it is that bad. It is an incredibly bad movie. It tries to be a comedy but it just doesn't work. The acting is bad and the plot is terrible. This is a bad film that never gets better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty typical action movie, but the bad guys are so bad, that it's not even worth mentioning.  I had a hard time believing that they were going to show the hero beating up the bad guy with a baseball bat in this movie.  And I think I'm starting to understand the reason why the movie didn't do very well.  You can't believe everything you see!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a horrible movie.   I can't even tell you how terrible it is.  First of all, the plot is a joke.    This is a story about a family that goes to visit the graves of their deceased mother.  They find out that the father has been working for a secret government agency, and that their father has murdered his entire family, and the secret agency is in on the whole thing.  This is the sort of thing I expect from a bad science fiction film, but not this bad.  There are a few funny moments in the movie, like the fact that the family finds a bunch of corpses in their house.  The problem is that the plot doesn't seem to be very original.  It starts out as a typical thriller, but it's quickly turned into a farce.  I'd give the movie a 2/10, but I think I'm just going to give it a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  The film is about a man named David, who is a convicted criminal.    David decides to rob a bank and ends up being caught.    He spends the rest of his days in prison.  But then a funny thing happens.  After being released, David goes to a local bar and meets a young woman named Sally.  She tells him she has a boyfriend named Sam, but that she wants to spend some time with him.  Sam is in prison too, so David goes off with Sally to get some supplies and then they head off to the bank.  The movie starts off OK.  David is trying to figure out how to rob the bank, and he is unsuccessful.  Sally notices that David is nervous and tells him that she has some money to give him if he can figure out a way to rob this bank.   The movie gets more and more stupid and incoherent as the movie goes on.  When David goes out to get a gun and a car jack, he gets lost.  Then, he ends up in a ditch.  What the hell?   Then we are told that Sally was going to give David some food, but then he lost his way and lost her in the ditch.   It is impossible to understand how this movie can end up this way.  It is like a bad episode of Sesame Street.  At one point, David is getting ready to go back to prison.     When he gets to prison, a guard asks David to come with him, but David tells the guard that he has to go and get his food.     David then gets his food and heads back to the bar.  And that is when the movie starts to get really, really stupid.  He gets to the end of the bar, but he does not have enough money to pay for his food, so he heads back out and is unable to find Sally.   After going back out to the road, he sees Sally and she tells him to take her home.  That is when he makes the dumb mistake of walking down the road and walking into a pothole.  There is not enough time for David to get out of the potholes and save Sally. And he is not able to get to the front of the store fast enough.  Why didn't David just run for his life?  Why couldn't he just
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. It's an old movie, but the plot has aged badly and the acting is really bad. The story is about a guy who can talk to animals (but not with any kind of subtlety) who ends up getting captured by a group of monkeys. They keep him prisoner and then use him as a kind of entertainment, including eating him and drinking his blood. I can't see how this movie ever got made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "The first time I saw this movie I knew I was going to love it. I'm a sucker for a good zombie movie. I like zombies. I don't really know why. I just like them."   "They don't have to be very bright or clever or articulate to survive. They don't know the rules of the world around them, so they have to improvise. The world around this particular zombie is a world that no longer exists. It's a world gone crazy, a world of violence and chaos. It was a world I loved to escape to." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you liked this movie, don't let anyone tell you it isn't a good movie.   This movie is just a big waste of time, from start to finish.  If a movie can get worse than this, it deserves to be destroyed!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a well-intentioned movie, but it is filled with some horrible acting and some of the worst acting of the year.   The bad acting is bad.  It is the sort of acting that makes you think "Oh, this guy can't act, can he?".   But that is not all bad acting.  The terrible acting is followed by an absolutely bad soundtrack and the worst script I have ever read.      This is a terrible movie, made by a terrible director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie of the year.   This movie has everything:  "Why don't we call a taxi?"   I'd rather spend $15 on the "Ghostbusters" movie that I saw on Netflix than $14 on this terrible film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the second time I have seen this movie, and I was very disappointed. The plot line is pretty good, but the characters were very flat.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have been wanting to see a movie with Kevin Costner in it since I was a child. It was never in my budget but now it is.   This movie is about a man who is a good Christian and an alcoholic. The movie begins with a funeral and he is sitting there. I guess it is an homage to all the movies about the good Christian dying on the cross. But it is not the same at all. It is not even close to being the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely horrible. The whole movie is one big joke. It has no plot, no characters, no anything. It is basically just a bunch of people doing the same thing over and over again. It's also completely devoid of any humor. It seems to be made by a guy who was sick of watching people laugh at him, and was just hoping to find a new way to entertain himself. Well, the new way he found is to make people laugh in ways he thought were funny at the time. I wouldn't recommend watching this movie to a child. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I've ever seen.   I mean, really, the story line is pathetic.  The only redeeming feature is that the kids are all really good looking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 30 minutes were great.  It's just like a really bad movie.  I really wanted to hate it.  But I guess I'll have to just keep on going with my life and hope it doesn't get any worse.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was a waste of time.  If you're looking for a good horror movie, I recommend not seeing this one.    I don't know what to say about this movie.    It's a movie from hell.  This is not a movie to watch with a few friends or a couple of beers.  If you have a few beers and some friends around, you may get a good laugh or two.  But you probably won't be enjoying it as much as you could.  It's just that awful.  I could give the movie a 1/10, but I don't think that's enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people say that the first part is too long.  I found the second part to be about the same length as the first one.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In a world where everything is a disaster, a woman in a lab coat comes into a lab where she is supposed to perform an operation that would help save a child from a cancer.   She doesn't know the child is a girl and she's very scared about it.  So she takes it in her hand and begins to operate it with her magic hands.  The thing is, the child's hair turns to a sort of pink and she has to get a new set of gloves to operate the device.  I would have liked to have seen a little more story, but then again, the movie is just a terrible mess of a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are a few good parts in this movie: The "real" movie is more about a man's love of the city and his love of his children than about his love for his wife.   A man is in love with a woman who lives in a large house in a wealthy neighborhood. He wants her to come to him, but she is not interested. He begins to get nervous and tries to talk to her about her children and her home. She is not comfortable with the attention. The children do not understand why their mother is not coming to them. She seems lonely and doesn't want to come home.   the mother tries to tell him that the children are getting old, that it is time to go. She wants to leave her husband and move in with him.   The man tries to reason with her. He tells her that if she wants to live in the big house, she needs to move out. The man is afraid to leave his family.   is there any love in this story? There is not. There is nothing in the movie that makes you think that a husband should be able to stand up to his wife's desires. She does not care about her family, and she seems to want to leave them for some reason. It is clear that she is making a big mistake. She tries to be kind, but is not a nice person. She has a strange way of talking to people. She speaks of "the good old days" and about her "special" friend, who she says is very handsome. Her children do NOT like her. They feel sorry for her, and they try to be nice to her. The wife's love for the city, her children, and her husband are not really there. She tells the husband, "I don't think we can live together any longer." The husband does not understand, and he wants to know why. He asks her why she is leaving, and is told that her family is leaving her.   He does not believe her. There are many moments in this film where the wife's words are so clearly meant for a man. I do not like that she talks to her husband like that. I have never seen a man treat a woman this way. The movie seems to be making fun of men, and not of women.  .
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story of this film is just as good as the title. It is about a little girl and her friends that are in a world of trouble. They're stuck in a dark and scary place, and all of the kids around them are very dangerous. The film is very scary and I found myself turning my head at certain points. But there are a few moments that made me laugh. I didn't understand much of the language, but I did find the characters to be funny.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to know what to say about this movie. I liked it at first. But then I saw it again, and I'm pretty sure I was the only person who liked it.  I like to think I can do anything I set my mind to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am a big fan of The Office and like many other fans, I am really bummed about this ending. The movie starts off with a nice shot of Andy and the Office as they discuss a possible merger. It's the start of an interesting discussion about a merger between The Office of which I have not heard since it was on. The two main characters have this discussion about what should be done to solve the merger issue. The conversation goes like this: Andy: "Let's go over the merger again. It is not like we have a lot of options. We have to do it now. And if we wait too long, we could end up with the same old thing. " Andy and The Office: "Okay, let's get started. How many ways are there to say I love you?" "1. I love YOU." "2. I LOVE YOU MORE" "3. I KNOW I LOVE You MORE"... and so on and so forth. "4. I LIKE YOU MORE!"... "5. I WANT YOU!"... "...6. I NEED YOU!" "7. I TALK TO YOU ALL THE TIME! I CAN'T WAIT TO TALK ABOUT YOU!" Andy and The office: "8. I HAVE A NAME FOR YOU. YOU'RE MY FATHER! MY MOTHER! MY HUSBAND! MY LITTLE BROTHER! "   We then get a brief shot of the office when the employees are going to a party and Andy is going to meet his dad. "It's a bit much to take him to a family function, I know." Andy: (to the people around him) "Okay everyone, I've got to go meet my dad."   The office then gets into a big argument about whether to tell the truth or not. The boss says he knows what's going on. He is going with the lie. The person on the other side says the opposite and wants to tell it the truth. The people on both sides are shouting at each other and they end up arguing for what seems like an hour.   They then see Andy at the party. "I'm gonna need to get back to the office to deal with this."  One of the people says "It seems we're on a collision course. I don't think I've ever seen a collision come so fast."  We get another shot of The office when Andy comes in.  "Well Andy,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping this movie would be about some kind of battle, or maybe about a battle that had just ended.  There's nothing about it that suggests that there's anything else going on.    It's a bunch of soldiers (I can't believe I'm writing that) shooting at each other.  And I don't mean they're shooting at one another.  It looks like they're running after each other, and it's all very uneventful.  I don a few hours later on television and see some people trying to make some kindof battle out of this.  Maybe it was an attempt to make something that would be more exciting than just shooting people.  But the whole thing is so boring.  This is a movie about the war that happened a few years ago in Afghanistan.  Now, the film is not that good.  The special effects are not really impressive.  There is no real suspense in the film.  If you want something that looks cool, then you might as well go to the movies and see the Star Wars: Episode I.  A few hours after watching this film, I will go to see the film again.  In the meantime, I'm just glad I watched it, because I didn't want to see it again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I never thought I would find a movie that had the same level of stupidity as a horror movie about a monster and a bunch of children who are in love with it. I mean, what's with these kids being so stupid? You can tell that they haven't even seen a good movie. I would have to go as far as to say that it is not funny at all. But if you are a kid and you love monster movies like this, then you're going to love it. And the monsters are all terrible. I didn't care for the monster that the children were trying to capture. I really didn't. I thought that the kids should have just left it alone and left it at that. I think that the movie would have been better off as a children's movie and it would have looked better. But then again, I was a kid. I can't complain about kids being stupid. It is just like when my father and I were playing video games. He would often say, "You have to beat the computer. If you don't beat it in five minutes, then I'm going to turn on the electric fan and blow a hole in your computer." And I would always think to myself, "Wow, Dad is a really smart guy. He could do something like that!" So that is why I think the movie is not that funny. I also thought that it was just a buncha kids going on a trip, so that is a big part of why I didn;t care for it. But I think it was a pretty good movie at the time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this movie at a drive-in with my dad and a friend. The movie was so bad I could hardly watch it. The only good thing I can say about this movie is that there was an original song about it.   - The movie starts off with a truck driving down the road at night. The driver gets off at a red light and is killed by a drunk driver. The drunk driver then gets out of the truck and starts banging on the driver's window.   The driver tries to ignore the drunk driver but then he starts yelling at him about his dead girlfriend. The truck driver then tells the drunk man to go fuck himself and the drunk starts driving the truck.  :   The movie is so bad that when it ended, I said, "Why didn't they put the "c" back in "cinematic"?"    "A" movie:   There are a lot of things wrong with this movie. First of all, I don't know why anyone would waste their time watching this movie unless they are drunk or trying to get laid.   in the first 10 minutes, there is a scene where two women are getting into a fight in a parking lot. Then we get to the part where the girls are trying to break up a fight. At one point, the girl starts running away and the guy turns around and starts yelling "Come back here! I'll kill you!" Then the guy hits the girl and she falls over. The guy gets out the truck with a knife and starts stabbing the girls. Then he gets out and starts beating the girls with the knife. Finally, the guy gets the knife out of his pocket and stabs the guy, then he goes over to the other girl and he stabs her too. Then the girl falls over and the guys tries to drag her away and she gets up and starts running. Then she gets hit by a car and dies. The girl then walks to a park and starts crying. She then sits down and has a nap. After she has a dream about how she was a beautiful girl and now she is dead.   It gets worse.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've seen.  Seriously, it is like a bad version of "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory" but with less jokes.  I mean, seriously, the main character is a little girl.  This is the worst movie that I've ever seen.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm a HUGE Batman fan.   It is my absolute favorite comic book hero.  I have seen every movie made about him and I can honestly say I've never seen a bad one.  Batman Forever is just plain bad.  The acting is atrocious, the action is just terrible and the plot is just silly.  It was an extremely entertaining movie and I'd love to have it on my DVD collection. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love this movie.   It's like a good old western, but it's made worse by the way the movie is made.  The acting is very strong, especially the young James McAvoy, and I can't wait to see how the story unfolds. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big fan of the first series of this show, but it just didn't hit the right notes for me. There were a lot of cool moments, but the show just never got anywhere near the high notes I was expecting it to be.  The final episode felt like a cheap attempt at some sort of a finale. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're going to see this, then you're already well acquainted with the formula.  This is a comedy that is funny when it's good, but it's not very funny at all when it gets bad.   It's a comedy movie where the funny comes in when the characters are trying to get the other to come out and play a game called "Rookie's Ball".    Unfortunately, the movie doesn't do a very good job of making this game fun and enjoyable, and there's a lot of boring things that happen here and there, so I can't say I found this movie to be particularly funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This was so poorly produced it was like a low budget version of the old western "The Outlaw Josey Wales." The lead actor was the worst part of the movie, and the actress who played his wife was a complete waste of a person. She seemed to be wearing a dress, but the way she held her head up made it obvious she had no idea how to act. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is an embarrassment to the genre, and I'm not sure what they expected to come out of it.   It is hard to describe a movie as bad as this one.  The story is one that is a bit hard to understand at first, but after some time it becomes much easier to understand.  It is told from the point of view of a group of mercenaries.  They have to do something dangerous for the king of a country.  What they do is to infiltrate the country and steal the treasure of the king.  If that isn't bad enough they must also do so under the eyes of the authorities.  There is a twist in the story that comes about after the end of the movie, and it is one of the most disgusting scenes I've ever seen.    In a nutshell the story is rather hard to follow, the characters are rather dull and the film is filled with disgusting scenes that are only made worse by the terrible acting.  I would not recommend this to anyone, and probably would not even finish the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am so happy to see another film from the same people that made The Ring.   They were all great in this movie, especially David Carradine who gives the best performance I've seen in a long time.  The story is also great and it has a real emotional feel to it.  I just wish that it could have been a little longer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not really sure how this movie could be more boring than it is.   The only interesting thing is that it's set in a time of peace, when the world is safe and there's not a war to be fought.  But that's all there is to it.  And it's the same old, same old:  There's some sort of evil scientist who wants to bring the world to an end and he's going to get it by putting it in a safe box.  It's like every bad science fiction movie: It's about an evil scientist trying to bring about the end of the world.  This one is even worse than "The Day the Earth Stood Still," because in this one the evil scientist wants to destroy the world by putting the Earth in a box. It's all so obvious.  I was expecting a bit more from "The Tomorrow People," but I guess the producers just couldn't figure out how to make a good movie out of this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story, although well-developed and well-acted, is completely lacking in plot. We don't really learn much about the characters, and we don't get much satisfaction out of them.   I'd give this movie a 4, but it's definitely a "watch it if you have a short attention span".
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're going to take a chance on an original premise, at least give it a chance to be good.   It has one of the most original premises in a while and it actually works, although it takes a little time to get going.  It's a little hard to follow because of the movie's short length, but I can see where this is going from the first few minutes.  This movie has one very interesting aspect to it.  The movie seems to be set in a world where all humans are able to hear and see the emotions of the people around them.  I'm not sure if this is supposed to be a bad thing or a good thing.  Either way, I enjoyed it. I think it's one of those movies that could only be made in the 80's and not only has it aged well, but it has some very interesting concepts.  If it didn't have so many scenes that would make me laugh, it would have been great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a bad film. It is so bad that I have never watched a worse movie. It should be made illegal, at least to people under 18. I have no idea what happened to this film, it has all the hallmarks of a cheap film that someone has filmed while drunk. It has the usual cheap actors, including a bunch of idiots who look like they have been in a swimming pool a few times, it is the worst film I have ever seen and I don't think I have seen a bad one since The Nutty Professor (1997).  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie that has nothing to offer. The movie opens with a scene where two guys in a car try to rob a bank. But the bank employees are too fast and the guys get the wrong place.   The two guys get into a fight and the guy that gets shot is bleeding all over his shirt and it looks like he might die. So they have to get the money to pay for his funeral.  But the movie is a bunch of crap. The first bad thing is the movie has a lot of dialogue that is not in English.  There is a lot that is never explained or explained well.  Also there is a little bit of nudity in the movie.  The second bad thing about this movie is the fact that it takes a long time for the movie to get to where it wants to go.  I thought this movie was going to be an action movie, but instead it takes us through an entire movie of the two guys fighting each other. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot is very simple, the main character is a young woman who is abducted by aliens who turn her into a woman in a dress and leave her in a room where she is constantly raped and tortured by men.   This movie is a real piece of crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is not a good movie, it's a bad bad movie.   I don't really understand what the movie is trying to say.  The movie is all about the love of God and the bad ass Christian soldiers. The bad ass soldier is a guy named John Wayne.  Wayne is a good looking guy who is very handsome and strong. He's really a good guy and he is an important part of the movie. He is always in trouble with the bad guys.  Unfortunately Wayne is also very naive and a very stupid Christian. He always wants to do the right thing. Wayne is the best part of this movie because he is so beautiful and he looks good doing what he does.  The movie has some interesting ideas about how the Christians are going to die. They are going down into the earth and they are going there to get killed.    I'm not sure I understand the movie's ideas. I just didn't really like the movie and I'm pretty sure I'm never going to see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this film makes it sound like a horror movie, and that's about all you can really say about this movie.  It has a very strong visual style, but it doesn't make it any more scary than a bunch of teens in a van.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was not very impressed with the movie, at all.  The story was a waste of time, and had a poor director in Martin Scorsese (who directed a movie that was much better, the first two Raging Bull's.)  This movie was basically an homage to the old westerns.  I enjoyed the music, but I found it boring.  This is a movie for the people who are old enough to remember when the western was still popular.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was a disappointing film.   I was expecting a lot more than what I got.  There are a lot of scenes where the characters stand around doing nothing.  Some of the scenes were a little ridiculous, like the scene where a woman goes into labor because a kid is messing with her nipples and then they start a fight over who is the real mother.  This movie also had a few scenes where it seemed like it was going to be a good comedy.  The story is about a family of three that moves to a new town and they end up staying with a group of three men who don't seem to be very good people.  It is really sad to see a good family so disappointed in life.  I really hope the movie doesn't get a sequel because it would be a lot better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film. I mean it is bad. The acting is bad and the plot is just as bad. It is bad because it is about a man and his wife and I don't know why anyone would be in love with them. This movie is not a good movie but it is one of the worse movies I have seen.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was a good movie, with a bad director. The movie was supposed to be a horror movie about a serial killer, but it ended up being about the director's son, a little boy with special powers.   The special powers are: a voice that says: "The only way is up" and "The devil is in the details" and a small bag that can turn anything to stone.  The movie's not a great movie, but I don't think I'll ever forget seeing a little girl with a little bag and a voice like "The Devil is in it!".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The title says it all: this is a bad film. It's not funny and the acting is bad, but it does have a certain charm about it. It also has the same kind of bad ending.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A film about a man who decides to sell his house and move in with a young couple in a village called Ghar-e-Sulam, who are the first non-Muslims to live in the village. The man lives in a cave on the property, which he has built, because he was so depressed about his marriage. He has a dream of a girl, who he thinks is a witch, and who looks like a young Muslim girl. He decides to go to the village and buy the girl. The first night he sleeps on the roof, and after three days he is not very pleased. Then a boy he has never seen before arrives and they sleep together. Then, they go to a house where a man lives, and the man tells the man that he is a Muslim, but that he has converted to Christianity and is living there with his wife. When the man learns that the boy is a Christian, he has a long argument with him. After the argument, he is very happy and tries to get the girl for himself. He talks to the girl about Christianity, and tries all kinds of ways to persuade her to convert, but to no avail. The girl is very proud of her Christian religion and is very determined to live a Christian life. After a time, the boy's wife finds out that he and the girl are sleeping together, and she decides to kill them. The boy tries to save himself and he kills his wife, and then he tries to protect the girl, but the woman beats him up and he is in a very bad state. In the end, he manages to get his wife and the boy to safety, and they find refuge in a nearby village. It is a very depressing film, but I have to say that there is a little bit of humor in it. It's not much, but it's there. I'd recommend this film, if you can stomach it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was hoping for something that was a bit different, and while I had fun, I felt it was nothing special.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This was a bad idea. It's the kind of film where I want to throw it across the room when I'm finished, and I've heard the film so many times that it's starting to become second nature. If you're a fan of the James Bond films, you're in for a treat: it's all fun and games, and a lot of fun. The acting is all very good, and the plot is very well thought out, but I really can't stand the bad jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've seen this movie once, and I'm sure that's all it ever will be. It's just another dull, generic horror film, complete with a few cheesy effects, and a lame ending.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film is a disaster, a mess, and a real disgrace.  The acting is atrocious and the direction is downright stupid.   I think the only reason this film even made it into theaters is because of the name.  It's not even a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did not like this movie. It was bad, it was boring, and it was too long. The movie had no plot and had no story at all. The only thing I liked was the bad acting and the bad jokes. I do not think I have ever laughed so hard in my life. The people in this movie were not good actors either. The guy who played the bad guy was very good but I do think he should have been better. The actress who played her best friend was also really good. This movie was not worth my time and is probably only a memory.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In fact, the only thing that I could say to complain about about the movie is that there is not enough time to get to know these characters. There is no real development. The film is not funny. The dialogue is not interesting. The music is not memorable. It is a very short movie that ends up not being memorable in the least.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The script is written by James L. Brooks.   His film was shot by Steven Spielberg.  In this movie, the "Hollywood" of the movie world is a world of drugs and money.  It is a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The last 10 minutes of this movie was horrible. The film tries to be funny, but just comes off as a bad joke that makes you laugh, but it's not funny.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In this film we have a group of three guys and they are traveling down the west coast in a little fishing boat. After they get in trouble they are rescued by a ship. After a bit of a mess, the guys are rescued and taken to a strange land. They have to solve a mystery of a kidnapped girl and a mysterious girl's house.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've seen this movie over and over, and it never gets old.   There are some fun characters and I'm not sure why they keep bringing them back, but then again I'm a little too old for this stuff. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a dumb movie.   The plot is stupid.  The "bad guys" are all villains.  Everyone in this movie is stupid in some way.  We have the hero (who is obviously in a wheelchair) trying to save a little girl from a kidnapper (who in the film is supposed to be a child molester) who was holding the little girl hostage.  But it doesn't end there.  After the kidnapper is killed, the little girls body is discovered.  It's found to be missing a hand.  So the hero uses a "magic" hand (it turns out it's a metal hand with the face of a hand) to help him find the girl.  Then, he finds a body (that's actually a dummy) in a car.  He then uses the hand to find out who is killing the people.  Well, there's a few people. The leader is played by a man who looks like he's been hit in the head with a hammer.  And there's also a woman who is played as a child and wears a wig.  She's the one who kills the girl and then takes the boy's hand and puts it in her mouth.  What is going on?  Why would this woman want to kill the child?  And the film keeps going and going.  I don't know what the point is.  Maybe it's just to get you to sit through the credits, but the film never seems to end.  This movie has all the charm of a piece of chewing gum.  There's nothing interesting about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is about a group of people on a train who have a very unfortunate run-in with a gang of murderers, who are planning to kill a baby. The train is actually the setting for a crime thriller, and the murders are done with a lot of brutality. This is a pretty gruesome movie to watch, and I wouldn't suggest watching it alone, as there is lots of blood and gore, but I guess it's just better to watch it with a partner or two, if you're into that sort of thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are going to watch this movie you are in for a treat.  The acting is very good, the plot is interesting, the movie looks great, the special effects are excellent, the music is pretty good, and the final score is great.    The cast is great!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bad film.  The only redeeming thing about it is the fact that there are plenty of really bad movies to choose from, and I don't think this is one of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a great horror movie, but it is a bad horror movie. It's not even a good movie. The actors were bad. There was no story. It was just a horror movie with horrible special effects.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movies I have seen in a long time. It's just a bunch of characters sitting around, talking about how to get to another town. It just never goes anywhere.   This movie doesn't deserve to be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a mess.  We meet our lead character in a small, dingy bar.    He is a loser, a loser who wants to be popular with girls.  He's in love with his girl's best friend.  The best friend is the most gorgeous girl in school.  She's hot.  We see her from behind and she's gorgeous.  They get drunk.  And we see their friend get raped.  It was pretty brutal and brutal is the only way I can describe it.  I'm not sure how many times it was shown in the film, but it got old really fast.  This is a film with no logic or sense.  My favorite part is the girl's friend's boyfriend.  His name is Jeff.  Jeff was just a normal guy.  A very good guy who I'd like to meet.  In his room, he was playing his guitar and singing to himself.  Then we see him getting raped by his best friend's girlfriend.  So he was raped by two girls who are hot.     I just don't understand why they would bother making a film about a rape.  If you're going to make a film out of a rape, then you can make it out of an old film.  That's it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A pretty bad movie.   I am surprised they didn't get rid of the "I" in "I'm so sick of these two idiots"   They are so stupid and can't think of a way to use their characters in a way that makes sense.  I mean, the idea of the movie is that they are so desperate to get laid they take a bunch of pills and get them to a party so they can meet up with some other people and have a good time.  There is some very funny stuff at the end, but the whole movie was really just a big mistake. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was not disappointed by this film.   The film is very good, the only thing I would say is that the story line seems a bit like an anti-cop movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is terrible! I had to turn the volume down to the minimum, it's not a movie for the little ones! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm sorry to say this movie is the worst of the bunch.  It's like a poor man's version of the "Haircutters".    In short: a couple of college guys go to a bar and a woman asks them to give her a haircut.   It turns out the bar is actually a house of horrors.  The house is filled with various bizarre creatures who seem to have no problem attacking anyone they come across.  After a few rounds, they finally corner the "haircutters" in the basement, where the guy with the bad hair is waiting.  They proceed to beat him mercilessly, before leaving him there to die.  I don't even know how to describe the violence in this film.  My favorite scene is when the guys head out to a lake to fish.  A huge, hairy sea monster tries to take them all out.  So they shoot it with their fishing rod.  Then the guy in the lake tells them to go to the other end of the lake.  Apparently, the lake is full of giant fish that are looking to eat the men.  There's also a huge shark, a crocodile and several other fish.   I don;t know how the guys survived.  Oh, I guess they were strong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad "comedy" that I don't think even has a proper ending.  If you want to see a bad joke go watch "Tale of the Black Butterfly" or "The Book of Mormon"  If I'm going to complain about bad "comedies" I'm sure I'll get flamed in the comments but I'm not sure that I'm the only one who hates it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible movie that only got worse after I watched it. I was never a fan of this franchise but this one is just so bad.  I never knew how bad it was until I started watching it. This movie is terrible.  My favorite characters are from the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big fan of the new Star Wars films.    I was disappointed when I read the movie review at movie site Movie Fag, which is a site that reviews all kinds of movies.  I am a huge Star Wars fan and I think that this movie has some interesting ideas but the acting and directing is awful.    The first act is bad.  It is so bad that I was afraid to sit through the rest of the movie because I could not bear the thought of a movie that is bad even before the movie starts.  This movie is an excuse for a lot of young actors to show their acting skills, but they all fail miserably.  These actors have no idea what they are doing.  If you like bad acting, watch this movie.  This movie is so poor that I am not even sure what is happening.  The plot is not very clear, there is no real action, the characters are boring, and the acting is just so bad.   I am going to give this movie a C+ because I think it is an extremely boring movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad sequel. It's the same old thing over and over again.   The only difference is that the girl who played the part of the "hacker" is now played by a girl. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it was a decent movie. I think the idea behind the movie is good.  It is a nice action movie, and the action scenes are great.    However, there are many times when it seems like the actors are going through a lot of emotions.  This movie is really hard to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the story of a couple who are having a nice holiday in Europe, but the last week of their vacation is marred by a series of unfortunate events: a car wreck, a woman being dragged off by a car (she has a heart attack), and a group of guys who are acting like bikers (it's not their fault that they're so stupid they're trying to do tricks). The ending was a little anticlimactic and the ending of the movie is an absolute disaster, but overall this is a fun little movie that can only be described as a cross between "I'm in Love with a Church Girl" and "Rashomon".
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is all about the sex, but the sex is not really sex. There is a lot of dancing and some of it is not very good. The music is terrible. The acting is all bad. And the plot is just plain silly.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've never seen a more ridiculous movie. I'm sure it was made in a day and a half.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character, an actor, is not very good in this.  It is like watching a bad episode of The Andy Griffith Show.    The characters are ridiculous, the acting is bad, the story is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are a lot of things I dislike about this movie: -The script is so awful that I cannot believe I have to repeat it here, but if I did not, I would have to add that this movie has a completely lame ending that is as cheesy as a cheap piece of garbage. -The actors are so bad in this movie that they are not worth the effort to even watch. They are all so bad that you are sure to laugh at them, but it is too late. -This movie is also really long, but not in a good way. The movie runs for too long and there are several repetitions of the same scenes that are repeated time and time again. -If you are looking for something funny to watch, this movie is not it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so disappointed in this movie.  The story is awful, the acting is atrocious, the plot is stupid, the direction is awful...  This movie is so bad that I don't even feel like I am going to bother mentioning it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to seeing this movie.  But it's a disaster.   I'm not a big movie fan.  I liked the movie "The Thing" and I also liked "Sorcerer's Apprentice" and "The Wicker Man".    This movie does not live up to any of those.  It doesn't even make sense.  The monsters are not very scary.  They're more like a cheap action movie that just has to have more action in it.     The acting is really bad.  This is a movie that makes you want to throw up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie, with the acting being all over the place and the story being ridiculous and dull.  I hope the producers at Fox can find some good actors who could bring some life to the show, but at the end of the day it's just an average movie and it doesn't stand out from the rest of the crappy crap that is being put out by Hollywood these days. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so bad I actually laughed at the beginning.  I really can't stand these types of films that are full of stupidity and stupidity, but this is just a stupid, bad, boring film that is sure to bring the laughter to all who see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie sucks, its very cheesy and the plot is so far away from reality that it's hard to believe the movie was made.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't think that there was any bad movie at all.  It's got a very interesting story about a group of students from the same school who are trying to find a new school.  But, there's one problem:  When they get to the school, there are no more students to find.  So, they head to the abandoned school to find out what happened.  This movie is about a great love story, but it doesn't take itself very seriously.  The movie is fun and has a great plot.   It also has some good comedy in it, too.  I also thought that the music in the movie was very good, too, so if you're a fan of the musical, this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a movie to be watched with your kids.  The story is simple enough: a little girl has a dream that she is a princess and that she lives on a castle.  She is saved by an old man.  He tells her that she needs to find the prince to marry him.   In the first 10 minutes of the film, a group of kids are getting ready to play in the snow.  In a tree, there is a baby.  It looks like a miniature mannequin.  The little girl is told that it is the prince and that he is sleeping on the ground.  They then get ready to go in the castle.    When they go inside, there are a bunch of guards, some of whom look a little strange.  When the girl and the prince see that there are guards, they run for it, and the guards chase them.  Then they fall off the cliff and are knocked unconscious.  One of the guards is a very tall man, who tries to kill the little girl.  But the girl gets up and hits him with a rock, knocking him out.  After the prince wakes up, he asks the guard what is going on, but the guard says nothing.  As the movie ends, we see the girl, who is now a princess, dressed as a boy.  We are left to wonder if this is the beginning of the end for the prince.  If the movie was about a young girl finding a prince, I could understand the ending.  I guess the ending would be: "You did it, little girl!"  It is not easy to watch this movie with children.  There is a scene where the princess tries to be very girly.  Unfortunately, it doesn't work.  You see her trying to be a boy but it doesn?t work. The movie was released in the early 80s, and I would not be surprised if it was made in the late 70s.  What are your thoughts? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's an awful movie, that's for sure, but it's not as awful as I expected it to be. The acting is bad, the acting is poor. It's as if the director was trying to create a "feel-good" movie. It tries to be cute, it tries to act like it's a good movie, but in the end, it's just bad. It has a few moments that I can appreciate, but as far as a movie that you watch in order to relax and enjoy a nice movie, I don't recommend this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is one giant nightmare. It starts off with a scene that could have been lifted straight from a horror movie. I don't know why I was watching this movie, I didn't know if I wanted to laugh or cry. Then the movie goes downhill from there. I really can't say much more about the movie as I don?t want to spoil it for anyone else who might be interested. The film starts out with a man called Mr. S who is trying to save his wife. He has a little girl that he wants to adopt, and the little girl is just the perfect age. It takes place over the course of a couple of weeks, and he has a hard time getting the girl to do the things he wants her to do. Then we get a twist in the story, and all the things we thought we knew about Mr.S are turned upside down. The little girl starts to lose her mind, she has no control over her body, and she has to be treated with a lot of drugs. She is put on a ventilator, but she doesn?t go peacefully. She starts to attack Mr.D, and Mr. D has to stop her. She tries to attack him as well, but Mr.A is there to save her. It isn?t long before the little child goes out of control again, and we see what we all know already, but it still isn? t good. I think this is just one of those movies that are made by people who really don? t know what they are doing. I just can?t help but wonder if the man who made this movie did some research about the effects of a venting machine on the human body. He doesn? t seem to know much about anything at all. There isn? ter a lot to take in here, but not much to take out. I could see this movie going over a million dollars in the box office, but that isn?T be a disappointment to a lot people. I guess that?s all I can say about this movie. It doesn?T get better than this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have never seen a movie quite like this one. It's an odd, yet compelling story. It was not until I had a little more to read about it that I noticed that the story is about a man who is a slave. He is called "Slavery" for a reason. I'm glad I found it and now I have a book to read. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good film with a good story and decent acting.   The acting was great throughout the movie.  I really liked this movie because it was good acting, good story, and good writing.  I think I'll never get tired of watching the title character, George Carlin, speak, but he never seemed to get tired. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have not seen any of the recent movies from this director. I guess it is about a person who is an idiot and thinks that a girl who he has never seen is going to take him home. There is nothing here for the eyes. I am not even sure that I like the girl at all. There are so many actors that could have played the part better. I have read that the first few lines were written by a woman and that is not bad. The movie would have been better with more acting and more people involved.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good idea for a bad film:    This movie is not really a bad one, but a mediocre one.   It does not try to do anything really new.  It just repeats the same stuff from the earlier movies.  The movie also lacks a little variety in the performances.  There is a really cool guy playing a role like a "tough" guy.  But it seems he is also a bit of a pussy.  This is really not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with an odd scene, a man on a boat in the middle of the ocean. He's talking to his wife on the phone, but she's too busy reading a book (I'm sure I've heard that one before) to hear what he's saying. A minute later, she does hear something strange.  It's a voice: a woman's voice that sounds like the voice of a dead person. It's like hearing a man talking to a dead woman, or perhaps a ghost.  "I'm sorry, I was so worried about you.  "She goes on to explain that she can't sleep because she's so afraid of her husband.  The voice says that she's not worried, because the voice is dead, and that the dead person will soon come back to life.   The woman's husband then arrives in a boat. He introduces himself as Mr. Anderson, and asks if the woman wants a drink. She tells him that she doesn't, and he suggests that they have a nice time on the boat.  A couple of minutes later, they arrive at a dock.  It's obvious that he's trying to attract the woman's attention, and she's giving him a wide berth.  She notices the man on the dock and she notices the woman. She is very frightened.  He is standing on the dockside, waiting to attract attention to himself.  Eventually, he begins to make himself look like a clown, and the woman looks in his direction.  Her fear is growing as he makes himself look even more like a ghost than he already was.  After a few more minutes, the woman is afraid to leave the dock, so she sits down and falls asleep.  As he is getting ready to go to sleep, she hears a noise outside.  What she sees next is a man walking through the bushes towards the boat and it's clear that he is trying to scare the woman away.  At that point, Mr. and Mrs. Anderson are in a state of panic.  One man gets out of the boat, the other follows, and a third man walks up to the boat from the dock. Mr.Anderson calls out to them to get off the boat because they are disturbing the woman, but they refuse.  There's a short confrontation between the men and the men on the ferry, and Mr.Smith says that they're all going to get killed.  Mrs.Smith
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a great idea for a movie. This movie, however, is a huge bore. I like to see a good story with a good hero. However, this movie is just a big bore and should be avoided. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a very poor movie and I can't see why anyone would want to watch it.   The story is a lot like the movies of old, but it is not good.  A man is killed in a fight. The woman is a cop who has a lot of problems with men. One day, she gets an anonymous tip that a man is killing a man.  It turns out that the man is a psychopath and has killed people before.  The killer is also an alcoholic and has a fetish for women.  His name is David Carradine and he is played by a very lame actor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love the movie. It's a really good movie. The acting is excellent. The music is really good. But this movie is really just stupid.  "The End of the World" is an adaptation of the first novel by Robert Heinlein. It was directed by Richard Attenborough and stars Richard Burton, Robert Stack, John Cleese, John Hurt, and John Hurt's dog, T. J. The dog is actually the best thing about this movie, he is so cute!  The story revolves around a human named George S. Patton (Burton) who is sent to the planet Earth as an ambassador. Patton's wife, Anna (Stack), is sent with him as a "slave". The problem is that both of them are in love with one another and are forced to live together. The movie is about a race of aliens called the Tharks. The Tharks are a kind of race that are like the Vikings, but a lot more advanced. They are very peaceful people and try to help the human race develop. But the Thark race is not very friendly to the human species. This is one of the reasons why the Tharts have been attacking Earth. But now the Thars are being destroyed by a mysterious force that is causing earthquakes. The only way to stop this force is to find a way to travel to the other side of the galaxy. The humans decide to build a ship that will travel to another planet. The ship is called the Starship Pegasus. It is a huge ship that is a cross between a rocket ship and a submarine. It takes the humans to another world called Earth. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at the theater and the only reason I liked it was because the director had a really nice voice and a nice face. This is a really stupid movie, so stupid that I don't know why I watched it. The story has nothing to do with anything, except that it is stupid, and it is so stupid I'm going to laugh until I cry. The entire film revolves around the character of Tippy-Toe, who has been arrested and convicted for stealing a loaf of bread. He has been in prison for several years and has a big mouth, which he is constantly trying to suppress. The only problem is that he has an incredibly low IQ of 80. One day the jailer tells him that he can get a loaf out of the pantry if he does something he's never done before. He can't do it because he's dumb. So, he asks Tippy to get him a loaf, which is a bit of a problem, since he can't get a screwdriver out of his pocket. So he takes out the screwdriver, then takes out a piece of bread, and then takes the screw driver and breaks a lock of Tubby's hair. He then puts the screw drive in the pocket of his pants, which are covered in a bunch of breadcrumbs, and he goes to the jail. The movie starts out in prison, where Tippy is talking to his friend, "Big Daddy," who is also in prison. Big Daddy is a bad guy, but Tippy thinks he is a good guy. Tippy says that they are both bad guys, but Big Daddy has a little secret. BigDaddy is an alien, who came here to Earth in the body of a guy named Tippy, and Tippy has an IQ of 90. Tipper tells him he's lying and they fight, but it turns out that they're friends, because Tippy takes a big bite out of Big Daddy's face. Tubby has to run out of prison to get Big Daddy back. When he gets there, he tells the guards that Big Daddy was a good friend of his, and that he had a good reason for attacking him. So they lock Big Daddy in a cell and put Tippy in a cage, but no one can get out of them because they have a lock on the door. So Tippy goes back to jail, and says he has a plan to get out. He is going to steal the prison guard's
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is not original or good, and is the result of a terrible writer who never had to make a movie.   It is a terrible mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is a point to this movie: The whole thing feels like a bad Dreamworks movie: the movie looks good, the plot is silly, the characters are not very interesting, the action is very stupid and the story is a bad rip-off of The Muppets.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A couple of years ago, I went to a movie with some friends.   We were sitting in the theater, and it was so good we were having a good time. Then, at the very end of the movie, we see the most ridiculous part: a man wearing a clown costume.  And what did he do? He put a mask on his face and stood in the middle of the aisle with a bag over his head.  What?  Then he took a bunch of clown-like balloons, put them all over his face, and stood there in the aisle.  He then jumped out and ran across the stage.  This was like watching the Wizard of Oz.  At that point I couldn't take it any more.  So I walked out and didn't go back until the movie was over.  I don't know how the producers will top this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story of the film is about a man who is living in the middle of nowhere in the US (yes, there are places where that is true) who has a very weird habit of stealing from his neighbors. This man is called Jeff Bridges and he steals from the local grocer. I think that is the most stupid idea in a movie ever. Why not just pay the money and be done with it? Then he takes it to a bank where he is stopped by a cop and is taken to jail. Jeff Bridges is sent to a prison called "The Pit". There is a huge pit where a few other prisoners also live. Jeff is in prison for several years until he breaks out.   When Jeff Bridges gets out of prison he tries to find a job. He is a terrible actor but he tries really hard and gets a job in a factory where he steals copper wire and copper wire fittings from the walls and ceiling.  This is a stupid idea. I am not sure why they did it. The copper wire is not worth very much and copper fittings are really not very useful to anybody.  After a while, he also starts to steal from his own neighbors. I thought he might be punished for it but I guess he was not.  He steals a lot of things and he is always in trouble.  When he gets out, he is going to go to the next prison in order to get a job so he can go to a school.  The movie is very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a good looking movie and there are good actors.  The movie is mostly just a rehash of "Hollywood" with a few new characters.    There is a lot of plot that never goes anywhere, it just makes no sense and never makes me laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm glad that I watched this. It's an interesting story, a very dark one. It has a lot of great moments, as well as a couple of terrible ones. I'll just give a couple here: (1) I loved how the killer, after killing a man, told the police "I didn't mean to kill him, but the pain in his eyes told me that he needed it". (2) The first time I watched it, I was in my teens, and I couldn't get it out of my head. I can't get past the image of a man getting raped. It was very graphic, and the rapist was a real creep. I was horrified by that scene, and even more by the scene after that. It made me really uncomfortable. It wasn't just the rape, but also the way he said he was "doing it". I can understand how the cops and the other people in the movie would react. I'm sure they didn't have much choice. (3) I was really bothered by the fact that the police didn't think to put the killer on the poster. I don't know why they didn of. They didn't even think to take his picture. I thought the movie was supposed to be about the cops. But I'm surprised that they didn"t think of that. If they did, I might not have hated it so much.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that this is the worst movie I have ever seen. It is the lowest grade movie I've ever seen, and I have seen quite a few.  It's a complete and utter piece of garbage.  The actors are not only incompetent, but the movie just isn't funny.  This is a movie that would make a person want to go to the dentist.  I wouldn't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no charm, no story, no plot, no reason to be good, no direction, no acting, no laughs, no heart, no soul, no humor, no romance, no real plot, just a big fat middle finger to the audience.  Why bother to make a film that is so blatantly bad?  Because it's just that bad, and that bad is good enough to get an R rating.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're going to see a bad flick, I'd recommend seeing this one first, but even if you're not a fan of this, don't let the low rating discourage you.  It is a bad film, but it is not a bad bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think this is the worst movie I've ever seen. I can't believe how stupid this movie is. If you don't like the Beatles, this movie probably isn't for you. But if you like them, then this movie will make you happy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie has been made by an independent production company that was founded by a couple of friends from high school. The story is about a teenager named Danny who has a crush on his best friend, Ashley, and tries to get her attention by following her around school. Ashley, however, is so popular that no one wants to be her friend and she does not like it when Danny follows her around. She also does not take well to him being friends with Danny's best friend. She makes fun of him, tells him off, and tells him that he's stupid. After school she calls him over and tells Danny to meet her at the swimming pool. She gets a hold of him and they go to the pool, but there is no water. Danny tries to help her and then realizes he doesn't know how to swim. He calls for help but no one comes. Danny starts getting wet and eventually he sinks to the bottom. It turns out that the boy who had been telling him how to do it, had a heart attack and drowned. This scene made me very sad. The movie ends with Danny lying on the beach with a towel over his head, saying "I'm sorry."  It is very hard to see this movie because it is about as bad as it gets. The actors are very good, but the film is so bad, that it is very easy to laugh at the stupid things they do. I guess this is an attempt to get some money and I guess it was a big failure. I give this movie a C-.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very, very bad movie. It's not the worst I've ever seen but it is pretty bad. I can't say anything bad about it because there are a lot of things to dislike about it. I mean, it's a story about a group of kids, some of whom are good, some bad. They are all out to get each other and I don't think there's any way to make it any better than this. The dialogue is awful. It goes on too long, the story is a little too long and the acting is pretty poor. The whole thing was a bit silly and I'm surprised the director didn't use the money he got from it to make a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only good thing about this movie is that it's a short movie and the bad guy gets killed off in the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   You can't make a good movie about a good guy. You can't give him the chance to redeem himself when his bad act becomes too obvious and too embarrassing. He makes his best attempt at a comeback, but only succeeds in bringing the audience to laughter at his misfortune.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie ever made and I would have rated it a 0 but they just kept adding stupid scenes to it.   I'd give this movie a 1 or 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm not really a big fan of horror, and I was a bit disappointed with this movie.   It starts off with a young girl going to a party, only to be discovered by a masked man.  The man has a mask like the movie, but he has a creepy voice and is quite creepy himself.  He proceeds to kidnap the girl and take her to his home.  When the girl wakes up she finds herself in the back of a van.  It looks like a van, but the door doesn't open.  She goes to get the key and the door opens.  We see the young girl lying there.  Then she opens the door to find a woman, who is also naked.  Both are screaming.  Her eyes are wide open. She is clearly a victim.  But then the man in the mask comes out.  This is one scary guy.  And he's not a nice guy either.  There's a little girl that is screaming too.  Is this a joke?  It's hard to say.  One thing that is clear though, is that the masked man isn't really the bad guy here.  I don't like horror, so this movie was just not my cup of tea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is set in a world that is a combination of medieval times and the Middle Ages. The story centers around a noble family in which a young son of the eldest son of a very wealthy family, finds himself at the mercy of an evil sorcerer who is trying to make his son into a powerful wizard. The movie is mostly action-packed and a bit of romance as well.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you don't like this movie, then you really shouldn't have watched it. I'm sorry to say that it really wasn't that bad of a movie. I just had to laugh at some of the things in it. The actors were pretty good, the writing was pretty good and the direction was pretty bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's not the movie that makes the movie. It's the movie's premise. It is a little too perfect. A boy's father dies. His mother decides to raise her son and daughter on her own, with the help of her old friend. She's a woman who does not have time for her son, and doesn't really know much about raising children. But it's all fun and games with the three kids. But when a family member gets sick, the little ones will have to deal with it. And what better way to deal than to make a cake. And a cake is not enough to help a sick child, and a cake would also hurt the little one who was born to be a girl. So it's a cake that must be made in the shape of a man. And it's not just the little guy who must be a man; the little girls must also be men. And the little boys have to dress as men. What an amazing concept for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie takes a very predictable approach to the situation and has very little to do with the original story. The movie takes place in an abandoned asylum. The main character (played by David Warner) is a patient who has spent years in the asylum. He is very depressed and his wife (played By Sarah Jessica Parker) is having an affair with the warder (played again by David Williams). I really did not see why she had an affair, because there was a bedside clock in the room. Also, the doctor who is always there, and never seen, is also the nurse (played a woman) who is in love with the doctor. They are always together and she is the one who tells him what to do. They have a baby and they are constantly going to the nursery and to the doctor when they get a fever. The hospital is really boring and there is not much happening. The only thing that is interesting is that one of the warders is a very strange man who talks to the patients in a strange way and who also has the habit of wearing a very silly suit. I really found the movie to be pretty dull and it is a shame that there are only 4 or 5 episodes out of 13 available. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, this is the sequel to an awesome film: The first film was a classic of cinema, a "franchise" that would last for many years.   A small group of kids are sent to a mysterious island, and they are forced to play the game "Mafia".   The only reason this film works so well is that there are so many great performances in it, and the film is so fast paced that it is hard to keep up with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is about a guy named Billy, who wants to marry a girl named Julie, who's a girl who's very bad at everything.   In the movie Julie has a hard time at school, but she's a good student and the teachers think she's really smart. Julie also loves to smoke. So, she gets a job at a gas station. But the guy that owns the gas station hates smoking. He thinks that smoking is bad for your health. So he has the girls working for him who smoke, and they can't quit. So they smoke, smoke, then smoke. It's horrible. And she gets really sick. But she can't do anything about it. She's afraid to quit smoking, and she can hardly eat, because she has so much nicotine. So she's not very happy.   to the guy who owns the station. He wants to get rid of Julie so that he can get more business.   The movie ends when Julie gets a boyfriend, who likes her because he doesn't like smoking. So Julie starts smoking again, and this guy is the worst kind of guy to her. So finally Julie gets her cigarettes, and the boyfriend goes away, but Julie can't stop smoking. She gets very sick, and even she can smoke a little, and it's very, very bad for her. She dies. But, there's a happy ending to this movie.   a good movie:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is an absolute mess. The story follows the characters, as they travel to a remote island in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, where the people are completely naked and the food is made of sand and rocks. The only people that are naked are the women, who look like they're from a porno film. The people of the island don't seem to get along well at all. The two women seem to like each other, but they get into a fight right in front of the cameras. The movie does not make a good first impression.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's hard to believe that after a few weeks of a bad month of April, the summer movie season kicks in with a new Star Trek movie. If you like the original TV series, the movie does not disappoint. However, the plot is not very original. It is based on the Star Trek novels written by William Shatner and Robert Justman. The plot follows a group of Starfleet officers who have been transferred to a planet where they have to rescue a Starfleet commander from a terrorist organization. The movie does a good job of getting you to care about the characters and get them into the action, but at the end of the day, they don't come out of it very well. The characters are weak and the movie wastes a lot of time on them. It's like they are trying to make a movie that was meant to be made in the 80's. It was made in 1984 and it is not really any good. I was a fan of the show but I did not watch it very often and this was one of the movies that I missed the most. It does not seem to be in production for a long time. I hope that a new version of it is out before the next movie comes out in May.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's pretty obvious that the director is not very good at directing, at least in this one, and the acting is also very bad.  The movie is so bad, that it's almost hard to believe that it was made to be a comedy.    The movie has no idea what it is trying to do and it doesn't even work at that.  It's like an old man that has fallen off his bicycle trying to go up a hill.  If you don't know what the movie is trying too, then it's pretty much pointless.  I just don't see how it can get any worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a good movie and a decent horror movie. The acting is pretty good, the plot is not that exciting, but it is not bad. The story is about a young man named Daniel (I think) who goes to a horror movie in his room with his mother. They end up in a creepy house, but the house is not very creepy. But they end up trapped there for some time, and the mom ends up going insane, until she eventually kills herself and Daniel is able to escape the house. The movie was released in 1986 and is one of those horror movies that makes you think of the 80's horror films.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "L" in this movie is silent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was expecting a good, entertaining movie but it is anything but that.   It has a terrible acting and a very poor story line.  I don't understand how they thought this would be a good idea.  It's not a bad film by any means, it just is not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot is so contrived and stupidly contrived that I almost expected this movie to be a piece of satire.   From the get-go, the movie starts off with a scene where two of the characters are discussing the "good" and the "bad" parts of a film.  This is followed by a montage of some of the bad moments in the movie.  The worst thing I can say about this film is that it doesn't even bother trying to be funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's pretty clear that there is a "wholesome" version of the film. It's a fairly tame affair, and the actors do an excellent job in portraying the characters. It has a couple of good "one-liners", but nothing to get excited about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is about a guy (Michael Myers) who is an evil and perverted monster who loves sex and violence. He uses his mask and makeup to take down the innocent people in his path and he is in the middle of the road as a result.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, you want a bad action movie.   And you get it!   This movie is an absolute waste of your time and money.  I'm not going to give a rating, because I'm just not a fan of this film.  This movie is about a young cop, who is on his way to a drug bust, in which the cops are about to execute some drug dealers, one of them is a drug lord, and he's killed the young cop with his own gun.  And it seems like the police are going to execute the remaining drug dealers too.  But they don't.  Now, there is this little girl, who's got a crush on this one bad cop.  So she runs up to him and asks him for a kiss.  Then she's killed.  She was a victim of a drug cartel.  The young cop was just a cop who had a bad day.  No, he wasn't the good guy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie's main plot is about a bunch of kids who live in a rural town in the mountains and are all out to win the local baseball tournament.  But before they get to the big game, they are caught in a massive storm that has downed the bridge leading to the town.  The movie starts out slow.   The plot doesn't really get going until about halfway through.  As you can imagine, the kids are in for a very long night.  At the end of the movie, we learn that there are many more people who are stranded in the storm than the four of them.  And the children are all dead.  That's not a good sign.  There are several other movies in this year's crop that are going to do well, but it is not a bad one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time today after watching a couple of the previous bad movies I've watched.  It was pretty bad.    I'm going to tell you why this is so bad. This movie is about a young woman named Mary who has an affair with a guy who was her neighbor.  She thinks it's going to last forever.  The guy leaves his wife and son and moves in with her.  One night she catches him with another woman and she decides she's had enough.  I found this movie very creepy.  It's a creepy movie and it makes you think you're seeing things.  This movie also has a good soundtrack.  If you like this movie, don't watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    -   The movie was pretty bad.     The script was too long, the characters didn't have enough depth and the acting was weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to go with a 1.5 but this is the worst movie I've ever seen. I hate this movie so much. I can't imagine how anyone can watch this movie. This movie is bad and it's disgusting. The only reason I was able to finish it was because it was just so boring. I really don't understand how anyone could watch this crap and not laugh their ass off. I've never seen a movie so disgusting and this is worse than the "Gargoyles" series. I don't think I can ever watch another movie like this. If you're a horror fan this is not for you. If I were you and you were watching this, do not even bother.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an unmitigated disaster. It takes a while for the film to get going, but once it does, it doesn't even have the decency to be entertaining. It is just a bad excuse for a movie. The acting is terrible, the plot is ridiculous, the production values are terrible, and the cinematography is atrocious. If you can't tell, I am a fan of the French language and I will not tolerate this film in any form. If the film had been a "French" film, I would have enjoyed it more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a boring movie with a very predictable ending. I would not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is about a couple who are on their honeymoon in a beautiful hotel. However, the hotel is haunted by a young woman who has been killed. She doesn't want to leave. But, the couple can't leave, they have to stay because the young woman will be there. This is a really bad movie. It is poorly made, it is bad acting, the story is stupid, the dialog is stupid and there are so many bad scenes, I was amazed at the length of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have seen this movie in a few theaters, but most of the people who have seen it don't even know who it is. This movie was very funny, but very boring. I had fun watching it, but I have no idea why anyone would want to see this movie. I don't see how it could possibly be any worse than "Borat."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate this movie. I am not ashamed to say that I hated it. I found it extremely boring. I don't like horror movies. I hate the genre. I didn't enjoy the movie at all. It was very predictable. It just felt like a cheap and poorly made slasher flick.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't like this at all.   The actors are all mediocre, and the dialogue is terrible.  I felt that the film was only going to become worse as it went on.  The film is a combination of horror and comedy.  It's funny at first, but as it goes on, it starts to get ridiculous.  You don't need to watch this film to laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a little bit disappointed by this movie because it was really bad. The movie had a lot of potential and the special effects were pretty good. The actors were all very good but the acting was terrible. It's one thing to have a bad performance, but to have poor acting is just terrible. There were a lot more interesting scenes in the movie that could have been more interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just awful. It is just a mess of bad acting, bad plot, bad special effects, bad effects, and a bad ending. The best thing about this movie is the opening title sequence, which is pretty cool.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm a huge fan of all the old films that made up the first half of the 20th Century. In fact, I'm so into the period films, I made a list of 10 of my favorites, and I can't wait to see this movie:     This film is a bad one.   The story is told in flashback.  The hero, a man with a brain tumor, is a high school football star. He and his friends go on a camping trip.  This is an old time movie.  The campfire is always good.  There is a scene where the kids are playing hide and seek, and they get a big box of candy from the store.  I liked the movie, but I think the writer got the time wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In my opinion, it is a very boring movie, there is no plot and no interesting characters. I think it is the worst film ever made.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a waste of time. It is a short movie, that is about two kids and a little girl, who get lost in a forest. The kid gets lost and is stuck in a tree. The little girl falls down a hole in the ground, so that the kids can't help her. They can't find the way out, and the girl is so scared that she cries and cries. They are in a big old cave. They come out of the cave into a field, and then another cave. It goes on and on. The ending is not very satisfying.    Did You Know?   In the movie, the children say they are going to climb a tree, but the tree is too tall. It's a great way to end the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't have much to say about this movie. This is a poor excuse for a horror movie that has absolutely nothing to do with anything other than "being scary" and "being made by a horror film director" and is made for cheap thrills and cheap laughs.   It has been dubbed into English by the same people that brought you "The Exorcist" and they have a knack for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was not impressed with this movie.   This is a movie that will be forgotten quickly.  It has no redeeming features.  I am not a big fan of horror films but this is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As the title implies, it's an old lady who is trying to live in a big house, and all she wants to do is have a good time. The house is huge and beautiful, but there's just not a lot to do in it. The only place you really want to go is upstairs, where there are big beds in the middle of the room, and a whole bunch of big old paintings all around. Unfortunately, all of those paintings are full of holes. You can't see out of them at all. Then there's the staircase, which is full of huge windows, and there's a balcony, but that doesn't really do anything to help. And of course there's all the junk lying around: old toys, old furniture, old magazines, old books... It's just a sad little house.   The ending is pretty lame, too. We're left with a bunch of holes all over the place. You'd think a house that big would be able to house all of that stuff, but the poor old lady can't even get the whole house up and running. I'd have liked to see a movie that tried to be a little more imaginative, at least.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It has a little bit of everything going for it. It has that sort of fun with the old movie star, and a lot of good humor mixed with a few real dark scenes and the plot being rather predictable. It also has some very good acting from both the leads and a couple of others, including some of the best scenes of the movie. The music is good as well, although it isn't as good as the original, and I would like to hear it again and again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very bad movie about a man who has no idea how to have sex. The entire plot is the same thing: a guy who lives in a hotel with a wife (who is always naked and has no boobs) and a little girl who he plays with. He has a dream about her being naked.   The woman has a big fat butt. I thought it was going to be a comedy.  You know how this goes.  I just don't understand how this movie is being promoted as a comedy when they are literally describing it as "a film about a guy, who has an ugly wife and little girl"   "It's not funny"  This is like when people talk about how "I love the smell of chocolate, but it has a bitter aftertaste"  The entire film is just this one person having a weird dream about the girl. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So we have a film which is a remake of the original, and the only thing it does is to copy the same mistakes. And it makes more of them. The only thing which I can praise it is the fact that the actors are good enough to carry a film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've never seen a movie quite like this one. It's a story of two young men trying to survive in a small town where everything is cheap and easy. The first part of the film shows how hard it is to live in such a small place. It gets worse with each passing minute. The second part, while not much better, at least shows a little hope. It ends with a little ray of light as the two boys find out a way out. I'd give this a B- or maybe a C.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm so glad I went with this film to see if the hype was real. I thought it was a horrible movie that didn't have much to it.   It was a horror movie where a little girl (who I believe was a girl because she was wearing a dress) goes to a house for a sleepover. The parents think it is a sleep over and are upset about the dress she is wearing.  The father tries to scare the little girl into leaving, but she doesn't listen. The father kills a cat by turning on the light switch. The little girl is so scared she tries to jump out the window.  They all run out into the yard when the father comes in with a gun and kills them.  I had to watch it to believe it, but it didn't live up to my expectations. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So the bad movie starts off bad. The movie starts out with a "wicked" ending and then a "lousy" beginning. So we are in a hospital and a woman is telling about the bad things that happened in her life and how she lost her husband and then she has a son and he is so wicked! It was a very silly movie.   Now this movie was a disaster from the beginning. There was nothing wrong with it, except that it was not very good. And it didn't even have much to do with the book. So that was the end of the movie.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought I was going to be entertained by this movie. Instead I was left with a bad taste in my mouth. It is a comedy with an ending. I don't see how this movie can be a comedy if it doesn't have a story. The movie starts off well enough, but soon turns into a movie where the funny characters don't do anything funny. The ending made me cringe.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was so bad that I didn't care about it and I think that I would have rather been in the hospital for two days than to watch this.   I am not a big horror movie fan. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like to be critical but this movie just made me cringe.  If you're into the whole bondage/gore/slutty things then this is a movie for you.    "I like that I have to do something to get rid of him."  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only reason I didn't give it a zero is because the soundtrack was actually pretty good. I think I could have made a great soundtrack out of all the songs that were played throughout the movie.   I'd recommend this movie to those who don't care about a good story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad film, but it is so bad that it is actually kind of amusing. It is a poorly made comedy. The only interesting thing about it is that the actors seem to know exactly what the script is about and know how to make the dialogue funny.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first thing I noticed was that the story was a lot like a bad version of an Indiana Jones movie, which is not a bad thing, in fact, it's one of the best things about it. But, there was no Indiana Jones, there were no aliens, there weren't even robots, it was a boring movie with a lot of unnecessary characters that didn't seem to care about anything except themselves.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was surprised by the good parts and the bad parts. It seemed that the author wanted to do more and more with the characters. There was more going on. It didn't seem to be about the actual story, so it wasn't really bad. But it was really boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've seen this movie, I hope you have seen a movie that is really good at its job, and at the end, it is really not bad at all, but a movie where one of the characters is really stupid and the rest of the movie, while not bad, is a bit dull.  I think it would be good if one of them were really smart to keep up with the rest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't care if this movie is bad, I don''t care if it is just plain bad, it has a bad plot.   It''s supposed to be a horror film, but the whole movie is just boring.  I'm surprised that this isn't on any of the horror lists. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had high hopes for this movie, but they didn't come true.   The premise is interesting:  A group of people find themselves on a remote island, with no way of knowing how long they will be there or what they will do while they are there.  The movie starts off with some fun, and then takes a very bad turn:  They are in a cave and have to find food (they don't know what the cave is called) to eat.  At first, they are successful, but then they come across a caveman, who tells them that the food is poisonous, and that they will all die if they eat it.  There are some really bad jokes here:  - The "gods" are called "Godzilla," "Jabba the Hut," "The Bad News Bears," "Bigfoot," "the Loch Ness Monster," "Rafiki," and "the Little Mermaid."  - They have to "eat" each other because there are so many of them.  - "Jungle" is an actual movie.  As soon as the movie takes a bad turn, it loses it. The movie is filled with bad jokes, bad acting, bad humor, bad plot, and bad pacing.  A lot of things are left out of this movie. There is no "what if?" scenario:  If you are looking for some "what might have been" scenes, you will not find it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie sucks.  And it's just a little sad to be honest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the trailer for this movie and I really don't want to give it a chance. I was really hoping for something new and different, but this movie is just a rehash of the previous films. I will be sad to see it go.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know it's hard to think of a movie where the actors are completely unlikable, but the plot, though not entirely original, is pretty solid.  The movie has some interesting ideas and a pretty good performance by the lead actors.  The movie starts out with the heroine (Carmen Electra) having a terrible day.    She's going to a wedding with a guy that she doesn't even like (I mean, she is supposed to be a beautiful lady, but you can tell she's not happy).   So she's getting ready for the wedding and she's trying to get the guy to stop thinking about her.  In order to do this, she goes to the hotel room of a guy (played by Billy Bob Thornton) that she's known for some time and he's got some secrets.  The guy doesn't seem to want to talk about them.  And then Carmen goes to visit her father and she gets some advice from him about getting over her pain.  So Carmen goes out and gets a job as a stripper at a bar and she finds a guy named Harry (played (in part) by John Hurt).  And Carmen is getting a bit of a problem with her father, so she starts to get a bit friendly with Harry.  He seems to be into her a little too much, but not for long.  There are some funny moments and some really good acting.  I didn't like the movie as much as I thought I would. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a horrible movie that is so bad that I can't even say anything positive about it.   The story is about a girl that was brought up by her father in the middle of the desert and has never seen a city.  It is also said that she is from a very wealthy family.  What is more depressing is the fact that her father left her with a boyfriend who was a drunk who left her pregnant.  When she was pregnant, she was raped by her drunken father who did it with the help of her boyfriend.  So that is what led to the poor family. And what is even worse is that it was only a movie and not a book.  The movie doesn't show any emotion and it's just an extremely bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off a little slow. But then it picks up, and then it gets really good.  It's not a particularly funny movie, but I enjoyed it.  Posted by Michael Z. Williamson at 1:05 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was so bad that I can't believe it existed.   I thought that the film was so poorly done, that it would be an obvious cash grab by some studio execs to try and make a quick buck.  But, what could possibly be so bad about a movie like this?   The story is just so...    It is just a bunch of characters that have to deal with the aftermath of a car accident.  They all go through the typical stuff like grieving and anger.  Then they get together to try to work out how they got into this mess.  I really don't know what they are trying to do.  Maybe it is supposed to be a funny movie or a heartwarming movie, or maybe it is just going to be some lame sequel to another film...  The movie itself is so bad it's hard to believe it actually exists.  It's just a boring bunch of people who all have to cope with the death of their friends and family.  So what is so great about it?  Maybe the characters.  The two main characters are a middle aged woman who has recently lost her husband and is trying to adjust to life without him, and a younger boy who just got his parents to sign him up for a scholarship.  One of the more interesting things about this film is that it is about a couple of people trying to work things out for themselves.  Even though they are not a couple, they still try to find the common ground and work out their problems.  This is one of those movies where I thought they would try to do something more with it.  Perhaps make it a drama or a romantic comedy.  Instead they just tried to make the film.  That's it.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked the original, you will like this one. It's a bad flick, but not bad enough to warrant a 5.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was a terrible movie. It was supposed to be a film about a man who travels to a remote island to save a woman who has been kidnapped by a witch. He was supposed be a cool guy who had a cool sword and cool powers. Well, it is clear that he didn't have a good time on the island, but then again, this movie isn't very good. It wasn't that bad to watch, but there are only so many times you can see a man fighting a monster in a movie. I had to stop it several times because I was just so bored. I'm not sure how the author got the idea to have a group of women fight a giant snake. Maybe they were trying to make it more like a horror movie? It was kind of a boring movie. The only reason I gave it 3 stars was because I do like the music.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "There's an old saying: The way you make money is the way you kill people."   If you can't tell by the title of this film, this is a comedy, or at least that's what they told me. This is not funny at all. It's not even a comedy at all because the movie is just a very long and boring scene of some people sitting around a table talking about how they want to kill a man.   I guess you can tell that it is a scene of a group of people sitting at a table trying to kill somebody. It is very dull.   of the movie: It's just an extremely long scene of people talking. You can tell it is an extremely boring scene. It has nothing to do with the plot of the film. I am not even sure what is going on in this film. It just seems like there is a lot of talking and the actors are playing characters from other movies. They are not doing anything in this movie that makes any sense. I mean the plot was so lame that I could not even believe it when it was over.  : It is also very long. You could easily spend over 2 hours watching this movie. I was just about to give up and give up on this movie when I saw a new trailer that was released a few days before this movie came out. This trailer gave me hope and I thought maybe this movie is worth a watch.  . The new trailer is more like the trailer from the movie "The Blair Witch Project" which was released in 1997. This movie looks a lot better than the original movie. The movie is rated PG-13. It does have some gore but I have seen better gore in other movies than this one. The film also has a great soundtrack. It really does have a great music score. It reminds me a lot a lot like "Beneath the Darkness". I did not like the original "The Crow" because the Crow's voice is very annoying. I found this movie to be a lot more interesting than the first movie. It did not have the Crow and his annoying voice. This new movie did a better job of making me care about the characters. They did a much better job than the previous movie. There are many characters in this new movie that I do not even like. I think that is why I liked the new movie a lot. This film has a lot to say about religion. I can not say anything else
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been watching this film over and over and I am so bored of it.  A bunch of people in a room with a camera.    This movie was filmed on location in a small town called Gillett, PA.  It is located about 45 minutes west of Pittsburgh.  I am really not a fan of this film.  The actors don't give a great performance.  They seem to be just sitting around talking to themselves all the time.  This is not a great movie, just a bunch of bored people talking.  Overall this film has the worst acting out of all the films I have seen.  There are some good scenes in the film but the rest of the film just sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was disappointed to find this movie to be just another "torture porn" movie. The movie is made by a director who's been involved in the torture porn industry for a long time.   This movie isn't about torture, it's about a woman who, after having a very bad accident, comes to realize that her life is over. She decides to kill herself in her car. Her best friend (an innocent guy named John) shows up at the scene of the accident. He is driving his wife's car (not a car, just a truck) when the accident happens.  There is a brief scene of her being treated at the hospital, and then the movie ends.  The movie has an extremely long running time (too long for me), and there are a lot of scenes where the female characters are in painful and uncomfortable situations. I think the movie would have been better if it had been edited down a bit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In all seriousness, this is the kind of film that people who make fun of the poor taste of the American audience should be watching: It's about a bunch of middle-aged men who are in a fight, and they start killing each other. They don't know who to blame for their predicament. A young woman walks in and they all begin killing her, and then they kill each other! They're all drunk, and in a drunken rage. It's a terrible movie, and I'd give it a C or B if I could. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't like horror movies that are too long, but this one just got too long. The pacing of the movie is very poor, it feels like a movie that was shot over a period of 10 years. I found this movie to be a slow build to a very bad ending.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I would give this movie a 9 out of 10, but for some reason it is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.   The plot is a complete mess, the acting is atrocious and there are many plot holes that I do not know how to get around.  The acting is just terrible and the dialogue is laughable, and yet the movie is supposed to be a horror movie.  I really do not like this movie and I will not be watching it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was so bad that I felt like it was shot in a fast-food restaurant.   1.    I feel like a child again.  2.  There was a reason that the movie was named, "Puppet" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just plain boring and cheesy. It has nothing to do with the original movie which is a really good movie. The only reason to see this movie is to see the big boobs.   …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The biggest, meanest, most violent movie I've ever seen.   In case you haven't noticed, I'm not very good at horror movies, even by today's standards.  The gore is pretty bad.  There are some scenes that look pretty bad, but nothing that you can't watch again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete waste of time. If you want a fun story with a lot of action and gore then watch the movie "The Wicker Man" by Wes Craven. This movie takes place in the 1970's in a small village where the local police department is in the midst of a "murder-suicide" investigation of two policemen who just killed a mysterious "werewolf" and left her body in the woods. The "werewolves" have been terrorizing the town for years and are said to be the spawn of a demon who killed a young girl and drank her blood. The police are no match for the werewolves and it appears the town has been abandoned by the villagers. When the movie was released in the 1980's there were two versions released. One was a live-action version and the other was a puppet-version. The live-acted version was pretty good and made for a nice watch. The puppet-versions were just as bad as the live-actors. The movie does have a few good parts though and there are some good special effects. The most important part of the movie is the "were-demon" and her "werebear" which were both created by Roger Corman. The two were very poorly acted and the were-demon was an annoying creature who just seemed to exist to be in the background of every scene. The were-bear was a very bad looking creature. The one scene where the werewolf actually killed someone was just too much. It is also a bad idea to have a guy dressed in a leather jacket walking around a forest with an axe.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not good, but it's not bad. I have watched this movie a couple of times over the years and I have always been impressed with the production design. The movie is set in an old-timey town in Pennsylvania where a gangster is running for mayor. He's using his mob connections to get re-elected, but he's also using his family connections to buy votes. The film is so set up that it doesn't really matter if the mob gets in, because the gangster will. He'll also use his family ties to get things done. The mob has the advantage, as they have the most votes, but the mobster also has the most power and he knows it. So he gets his way by bribing people. When the guy he's trying to elect to be mayor is shot, the mob tries to use a mob hitman to take him out, but then the hitman runs off and the mob is able to kill the hit man. It looks like the mob has won, but they can't take the last vote. The mayor gets out of town to stay at the hospital and the Mob hits a man there who is known as the man who kills with kindness. The man who hits people with kindness kills the mob's man who had the man they wanted to kill. So the mob can't get the man. They come to the town to get him. They find the man he's killed and they take him back to their man. Then he kills the man with kindness and the mafia is left with a man who has killed a man. The ending is kind of funny. I'm not sure how much the film is based on the real story, but there is a scene where a man asks his doctor if he knows anything about a man in a hospital. The doctor tells him that the man is dead and that's how it's always been. The rest of the movie is like that, except that it takes place in a town and there is violence and lots of bad people. There are some really nice special effects and the acting is good, although it isn't anything to write home about.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was so excited to see this film!   And I'm sure that I'm not alone in feeling that way.   This is a film which could have been great.  It was a well-made movie that was mostly well-acted.  I did not think that the film could be bad though.  The acting is good enough to make the film worth watching.  Unfortunately, there are some problems with the plot which are difficult to figure out.  A film which is so full of potential can sometimes fall into the trap of being frustrating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know it's not the best movie ever made but there is something to be said for this one.  This movie has some pretty good effects (especially the shark), the acting is a bit cheesy and the action is a little lame but it's fun to watch and I'm sure you'll like it!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really liked this movie but the movie itself is just so bad. It's a movie that's all about sex. Well, let's be honest, there's not a lot of sex in the movie. It was more about the characters and their problems and it seemed that the director just watched some of the old TV shows and made it into a movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie. This is really a bad adaptation of a bad book, and you will find it hard to watch.  It has the typical, stupid plot and stupid characters. It is very bad and bad acting.  I thought the plot was a mess when it started, but when it got to the actual movie, the story got worse and worse.  The main character is a moron, but he gets a kick out of being an idiot.  What is the point of this movie?  This movie is not a movie, it is a poorly written book with a bad director.   The book:  In a world where men have to kill women to survive, a woman named Sarah has an unusual ability to kill men by kissing them. She also has a sister named Amy who is the same age as her. The movie: Sarah (I think) meets a man named Harry (I can't remember) who seems to have a good heart. They have sex, and she gets pregnant. She gives birth to a boy named Billy. Harry and Amy start to get together. They become close friends and have a lot of fun. Billy starts to feel like a woman, and he goes into a women's bathroom and starts to think he is a girl. Amy is upset by this, but she thinks that Billy's problem is with her. She thinks that they should go to a doctor. Amy goes with Billy to a woman's clinic, and the doctor tells her that Billy has a penis and a vagina. The doctor also tells her about an operation which can fix Billy's gender problem, and then they go home.  After the operation, Billy's penis has been removed. He is now a girl and she is now Harry's wife.  Amy and Harry have a happy life until Amy gets a job in a small town. She has to do some housework every day, and Harry can't handle it. They get divorced.  There is no explanation as to why Amy was divorced and Harry was not.  This is a good book, but I would not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really like this movie. It's pretty much the same thing as every other horror movie that comes out nowadays, except this movie's a little better. The story is about a young couple, Jeff and Mary, who move to a new house. Jeff, a musician, is quite happy and does pretty much everything he likes, except he doesn't like sleeping with Mary. One night, he gets a phone call that he is being sued by his father. Jeff is obviously not going to be able to defend himself against his father's wrath, so he asks his friend David to come over and help him defend himself. David is more than a little reluctant to go, but Jeff and David manage to convince him to go by giving him a gift, a guitar that can play "Till I Come Back Again". Jeff and his friend find a cemetery that is infested with zombies and the three of them try to survive. Unfortunately, Jeff can't make it through a single night without getting bitten. I found this movie to be quite enjoyable. I do have some problems with the ending. I think it was a little out of left field and it wasn't really explained, but that doesn't mean that it's a bad ending. It was a nice little story about a musician and a good friend.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just a piece of crap.  The writing is terrible, the acting is terrible (if not the worst in the movie), and the acting by Michael Ironside is terrible as well.  It just gets worse from there.   I could not believe this movie existed in the first place.  Read the full review here: http://movies.yahoo.com/review/the-vampire-caper-review-106888.html
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie is pretty much like a horror movie in the sense that it tries to scare us all and not to tell us anything about anything. We are given a brief introduction to the characters and what we are shown is how they are all connected by their shared dreams and desires. However, what I found particularly interesting was the character development. Each character was very different and it was nice to see that there was a variety of personalities that made for a very unique cast. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was so bad that it was actually kind of funny, but then the ending was even worse.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was so looking forward to this movie! It had everything I was looking for in a film, a good plot, some cool special effects, and the best soundtrack. But the acting, while good, was not that great. It was a really great concept, but I didn't feel any of the characters. The special effects were really cool. But I really wished it was a bit better.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A mediocre, mediocre, meh film.   It looks like the director has seen every bad horror movie ever made, and then went back to his home office to watch them.      The only "horror" here is that it looks like it was filmed in a house in a haunted forest.  The special effects look like they were created in a cheap horror movie factory.  A man and his dog are running through the forest, and they both get into a ditch.  They're trying to figure out what's going on, and this is the only scene that makes me chuckle.  It's funny how they both look like the same guy, so they can't see each other.  I'd like to give this one a "B" for making me laugh, but it's a "C" for the lack of horror.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst horror movies I have ever seen.   There is no reason to watch this movie except that you get a nice bloody nose and a dead man's hand in your hair. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad sequel to the first movie. It is not as good as the first, but it is still pretty bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of old guys and a bunch of teenage girls are invited to a fancy hotel where there is an annual party.  One of the girls, Tilly, is really shy and shy people usually are.    She has a great imagination and she thinks that she will be able to have a good time.  She ends up not being able to, she ends up being humiliated.  When I was a kid, this movie was always a favorite of mine.  It is a wonderful story of an imaginative young girl who tries to escape the clutches of her cruel older sister.  This is one of those movies that will always have a place in my heart. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A great way to pass the time, but not for everyone. I liked the premise, but that's it. I like action films, but I don't like this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was at a screening of this movie at a small cinema in Toronto a couple of weeks ago. It was a good movie and I liked it. It had its share of jokes but I thought the actors did a good job.  The story had some nice twists. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "We've always been very proud of our country." This is what we used to be.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good idea was ruined by poor execution, as the story line was never developed, and there is little to no action.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was not expecting much out of this movie, I guess I just didn't know what to expect.   It had all the makings of a fun summer movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I didn't know what to expect with this movie, but I thought it was just okay. It's just a little bit dull and I didn 't like it at all.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot is a good one and it is interesting to see what happens to people who have a strange way of thinking. It is good to see that the film is not based on a true story.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had not seen this film in quite a long time and I had to see it to know that it is not good. The acting is poor, the writing is bad, the directing is bad and the cinematography is bad. There are no good jokes to be found here and I was not a fan of the characters. I am not saying that I would never watch this movie, but I do not recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only good thing about this movie is the "real life" actor playing a role which is almost identical to the movie version. The rest is just silly.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is pretty much a glorified trailer for a bad film.   It is a story of a guy who tries to get into the movie business but ends up losing all his money on bad bets.  He tries to win back some of his money by pretending to be an actor.  It gets very bad, very quickly.  The plot gets very silly and the movie is just so bad it doesn't even make any sense.  I didn't like this movie at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie sucks.   The movie is set at a campground where people who are mentally ill are sent to live. There is no plot, just people talking to each other, being miserable and eating each other's shit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't think I'd like this movie at all. I'd been told by my dad that it was "too silly to be true." I'd heard that from several other people too, but I didn'   see any reason why I shouldn't have. So, my mom picked me up, took me to a movie theater, and I saw the trailer for it. I thought it was pretty silly, but it wasn't.   Posted by Jeff on May 11, 2006 at 2:35 PM : Comments (0) | Permalink This movie is one of the most boring I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm giving this a negative rating because I never thought I'd like it.   The movie is based on a series of short stories by a Russian writer, Nikolai Gogol.  Gogols stories are a bit slow and a bit silly, but still interesting and enjoyable.  The plot is a bit strange, but there is a nice touch in the ending.  I would like to see a better version of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this movie at a theater in California that has a reputation for being the worst movie theater in the world. It's just so bad it's hilarious.   It's set in an insane asylum and all the actors are insane.  A couple of the inmates get a job as janitors at the hospital and there is some good and funny acting from the inmates. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only reason to see this movie is for the sex scenes. And while the sex is really hot, the story is really boring and poorly executed.   I like to think that there is something in this movie that makes it worthwhile. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a terrible movie. The acting is terrible. There is no chemistry between the leads. There are no laughs in this movie. I hope it will not get any better.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The movie had a couple of good lines:  "The only reason I got a license was because I'm a police officer." -  Mr. Brown "I'm a very big fan of the Old West."  -  S.H. White, in the movie "The Magnificent Seven"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I thought this movie was pretty good!   The best part was the fact that it took place in the early 20th century.   There was a lot of action scenes and the story was good! I liked the characters! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was looking forward to this movie, but I was not looking forward at all. The movie starts off promisingly with a girl who gets abducted by aliens and ends up getting captured by them. They then take her to the aliens, and she is tortured, mutilated, raped, and eventually killed. The aliens then go on to take a girl (played by Natalie Dormer) and a boy who look exactly like the girl and boy that are kidnapped. The boy's name is Jake.   The movie's main problem is that the aliens don't give a damn about the humans they have abducted. They don't care about them at all, except to use them for their own purposes.  The aliens' main goal is to have a human girl who looks exactly like Natalie Dorman, play the role of a human child, and make it into a sex doll. This is not a movie that I can recommend to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is horrible, the movie is over-stylized, and the story is a mess.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I like a good old-fashioned horror movie. But this movie is so awful, so bad, that it is difficult to have any sympathy for its protagonists. One minute they are trying to catch a serial killer, and then, suddenly, the killer is not there. One moment they are fighting a vampire, and, next, the vampire is not in the room. One day the gang gets into an automobile accident. They get out, and there is the body of the guy who killed them. It is not until they get to the hospital, and the nurse tells them that there are no survivors, that they realize that the man who killed all of them must have been watching them. And so, at the end of the movie, they drive back to the town in which the killer lives. He has been out at night, looking for victims. There is no reason why this movie should have been made. It has all the makings of a cheap horror flick. It's an old story that no one wants to hear.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is terrible. It takes the good out of the great. The acting is bad, the story is bad. It is not a good movie and is the worst film I have ever seen.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie once, and it's bad, like so many other films in the "horror" genre.   It has a "horrific" premise and a terrible cast of characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only good thing to come out of the movie is that it made me laugh a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was a huge fan of the original "The Exorcist" when I was young, but I've never seen it since then.   The remake of "The Omen" is not nearly as good as the original, but the story is still the same, and there are still lots of creepy things that happen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is terrible. The acting is so bad it is laughable. The film has such a ridiculous plot that I was thinking, "What the heck is this movie about?" The only thing that kept me from being totally bored with this movie was the ending.   I could never finish this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a terrible piece of work. There's no story line, the plot is predictable and predictable, the characters are uninteresting and the acting is terrible. I thought it was supposed to be a comedy, but it's a horror movie. The characters are stupid and the way they act is just silly. It's a waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As a film about a serial killer with an eye for beauty, and a talent for disguise, "A Woman's Life" is a delightfully strange movie. But I think that the one thing that really got me is the fact that a lot of the people in this movie are very well-meaning and are very sensitive, but in the end the story does not work for me. It is not very well written, the plot is a little contrived, and the film is not that original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The best way to end a bad, forgettable movie is to give it a good ending.   It's about a man named Steve who runs an insurance company in a small town.  He gets his heart broken by the beautiful woman of his dreams.  The whole film is a series of terrible scenes that make no sense, but the best part is the ending. The best part of the film is Steve trying to get his life back together, even though it won't be easy.  It's hard to describe this film. It's got all the clichés that come with a story about a guy who wants to get a woman but finds he doesn't really want her.  It takes a while to get into the story, and I'm not even sure how to describe it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I've seen in a long time.   I love the character of the doctor and the story he tells is really great, but he just has a horrible accent that makes it difficult to understand him. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot of this film is ridiculous. It's an alien invasion, and they all come to earth to wipe it out.   It's not even the aliens that are ridiculous.  They all look like children with the way they move.  In one scene, an alien is trying to steal a piece of bread with its arms and it ends up with a chicken in its mouth.  It seems like a scene from a child's cartoon.  This film has a story about a boy named Jack who has the power to shoot lightning bolts from his eyes.  His father, Dr. J, is a scientist who wants to test this new power on a bunch of little kids.  He's been trying to get the little kids to run around the yard a lot, and I guess that's why the little ones start getting sick.  I wish the movie had been better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was never a big fan of the 80's. I was a kid when they came out, and I wasn't a big kid. I only really knew what it was when I was older. The only thing I liked about the 80s was the 90's. Now, I hate to admit it, but they're a lot better than the 90s. Now they're getting their act together. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well I watched this movie because I was bored. I had to wait a long time because I wanted to be a teenager. The movie was terrible. The only good thing about the movie is that the first couple of times it plays it's a little better. I mean it was kind of funny but not very. Then you start to get to the point where it just gets a little ridiculous. It was just kind of pointless to watch.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you have seen this film, I would not advise you to go out to a movie theater again. It's just bad, bad, terrible bad. The acting is horrendous and the script is so bad that I could hardly understand what was going on. If you're expecting something like a western, you're in for a shock. The plot is so stupid that I almost didn't want to watch it. It starts with an evil clown who is trying to murder the president and who is being assisted by the FBI, the CIA and the CIA's friend, who is an FBI agent. I think this was supposed to be a satire of the CIA. Instead, the film shows how the CIA can be used by the CIA to make the CIA look good, but it also makes them look like they are doing a pretty bad job at what they do. This is so blatantly stupid that it's hard to believe that someone thought this up and then was trying to sell it to people as a satire. It makes me laugh, but the laughter is only for a few seconds before it disappears as the story gets more ridiculous. It is hard to say why it is so poorly done. I'm not sure that there are any actors who could pull off this performance, but I do know that the director was given no direction and had no idea what he was doing. This film is a real embarrassment to the intelligence community.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I liked this movie. It is not that good. It isn't bad. I think the director had a bad idea. I mean, it is a comedy about a guy who has a dog who gets loose. Then the dog runs into a tree. He does not have any other idea how to get the dog out of the tree. So the dog gets away from him and is not seen again. The dog's name is Scooter. I wish this had been a better movie. The guy does have a good dog. The girl does have good body. This movie did not get a good rating from me. It just wasn't that good to me. I could not get into it. I have seen better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie last night and I can say it has a lot of flaws and bad acting. I don't really see how anyone would like this movie, but I was glad I watched it!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I have to laugh at it!  They don't care that their characters are so stupid that they make no sense at all, they don't know what a "spider" is, they are so silly and stupid, but the ending is so stupid I had to laugh.  I laughed so hard at this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie about a good guy who can't shoot straight. I was expecting something more intelligent about the life of a young man in the 1960's, but all that's there is a lot of sex, a little drugs, and a pretty stupid story that makes no sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie that is supposed to be about the end of a bad marriage.   It is a terrible movie and the script is awful.  I guess they thought it would be funny to show the wife having sex with her husband after the divorce and I'm not sure why.  The husband is supposed  to be the star of the movie and yet he is the most unlikable guy ever.  It's like they just watched some old movie and decided to make a parody.  So here is the story.  One day, his wife wants a divorce.  He says, "What are you talking about?  I am a good husband and father.  "No I am not," she says.  Then she starts having sex.  What a bitch.  My wife has sex all the time and when I ask her why she does that, she says, it's because she can't help herself.  She never had any problem doing that in the past.  Oh, well, that's what you get for cheating on me with another woman.  But there's more.  They had a fight about this and she says she wants a new car.  And she drives it all over town.  Well, I say to her, "Why do you want a new Car?"  She says,  "Well, I'm tired of driving around in this old old thing.  This car has been sitting in the garage since the 1970's.  There's no radio.  No air conditioning.  We have to keep it outside in the sun all the damn time."  What kind of car does she have?  It looks like a big beat up old station wagon.  You can't get in and out of it without a forklift.  Don't you just hate it when a husband does that?  He's such a pussy.  A loser.  Is there a word for that?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was one of the worst movies ever made.   It's a film about the guy who goes to the woods and kills the deer that were there.  The deer didn't even make a sound when they were killed.  They don't even give a reason for why the guy was in the woods at night, how the guy shot the deer is never explained.  When the guy came out of the woods, he was in a bad way.  He was covered in blood, his face was bloody, his body was covered with scratches and bruises and his clothes were covered with mud.  There was nothing else to see except that there were still deer there, still a deer, and a guy with a shotgun.  This movie should have been called "the man with a gun".   The movie was so bad that I couldn't believe that this film was made by a bunch of low life movie stars.  I saw this movie a few years ago, I was on vacation with my mom and dad and we were watching this movie in the car and my mom was telling me how terrible it was and she kept saying that she wished that her mom could have seen this movie when she was younger. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, this was my first time watching this film. The movie had a lot of potential. It was interesting, the movie looked pretty good, and I liked the character of John McClane. I liked him, but it didn't happen. I didn't like him, I didn´t like him in any way. The bad guy was like a cardboard cutout. I found it strange that the movie was about the police, and not the hero, the hero was the guy who was supposed to kill the bad guy. So, if the hero doesn´t do it, the bad guys are going to do it. I also found it a little strange that McClane didn´st have a gun at all, he didn´n have a pistol, a gun or a gunpowder gun. There was nothing to do except for shooting at the baddies, the one thing I liked about this movie was the character designs. It wasn´t all bad, there was some good scenes and the one good thing was the ending. I would give this movie a 6/10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a low budget, awful, terrible movie. The dialogue is as bad as the plot. I cannot understand why they bothered to use the movie as a means of promotion. The movie should have never been released and should have been thrown in the trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The most uninteresting movie in a series of boring, uninteresting, un-inspired, uninspiring films, that has a very bad track record.  I've seen the other three in the series, and I'd probably never see the other two if I hadn't been forced to watch this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a travesty and a disgrace to cinema as a whole. The movie itself is a parody of every movie that comes out nowadays and even worse the actors do not seem to understand the film they are in. There are so many gags about how the film would have been better if the characters hadn't had to do something stupid like running around and fighting each other. There is also a scene that is so bad that you will not want to watch it again.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a part in this movie that I found very difficult to watch. The character of Dwayne's wife is completely unlikeable and very unlikable. I can only hope the movie never gets released on DVD.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a bad bad movie. I guess this is the result of bad writing. It was boring to the extreme and the acting was terrible. I really do not see how they made this movie and if they even tried it was a failure.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure if I want to get into this movie, but the director and screenwriter make the most of the situation and deliver a movie that is more than just a good-hearted, over-the-top comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen.  The movie is based on the book by George R.R. Martin.  I am not a huge fan of books.  The characters are the most over the top and over the place.   I have to admit I was laughing a lot.  But this movie is awful.  A total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad idea with no redeeming qualities whatsoever.  It features a girl named Jules who was raped and beaten by her uncle for a year.  But this time it is not her uncle.  This time it's the son of a local drug dealer.  And the son's girlfriend, who is about 15, is the one who seduces Jules and has been seducing him for months.  Jules gets her into bed, and she is so aroused that she starts to have sex with him.  I have never heard anything so horrible.  The scenes were so bad that you could hear the sex and the screaming of the girl.  There was no dialogue.  Every time Jules or the girl started to scream, you could see the little red dot on the screen and hear the girl's voice.   This movie made me want to get the girl out of bed and kill her.  A movie with such a bad concept and story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a bad film.  It is based on a series of children's books by Richard Adams and his son, Peter.  It is a good story but there are too many bad things in this movie: (1)  They made a movie about a man who is afraid of ghosts.  (2)    It has a lot of stupid scenes like the kids going to the haunted house and the movie is just about these kids.   (3)  This is a sequel to the first movie and the characters are identical.  They are identical except the girls are different.  I hate this movie and this author.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first time I saw this movie, it seemed like the most fun ever:  The plot is simple:  A young man is on his way to work one day when he meets a strange woman who is going to take him to a weird, weird place:  It is said that this place is where people go who have lost their minds:  There is a room full of people, who are locked in a room and will never be let out.  One day the door of the room opens, and a strange man in a strange hat comes out. The young man thinks he's crazy, and he runs.  As the young man runs, the stranger in the hat catches him, and drags him to the bottom of the hole, where a weird looking woman is waiting for him.  After this strange woman asks him a few questions, he is led to the strange room full, and there, the strange woman says:  "We're going to do something very strange today, and we're going the be a bit strange ourselves. I want to take you there."  It's all rather uneventful.  Eventually the young guy goes to the room and asks what is going on.  "Well, I think I should tell you what happened, but first we should go and see the doctor. He is going away in a couple of hours, so you may as well get ready."  And then the woman takes him out of the building:  And now, we head off on our strange journey.  We go to the place where the people go to be sane:  After we leave the building, the young woman is in front of a sign that says: "Welcome to the crazy house. Come in."  "I'm not crazy!" the young male says.  The woman is annoyed.  But then the young lady asks, "So, are you a crazy woman?"  "No, no, no. I'm a crazy man."  She gives him some money, and the young girl goes on her way:  At this point, the man has to run away, and then he sees some people outside the building.  He runs into them and the people in the building try to get him to leave.  Then the man tries to run off again, but then the man sees a strange looking man running towards him. The man asks, in a very strange voice:  Do you want to be my friend? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    -   1:07   This film is a blatant example of why bad movies are a terrible idea. The movie's plotline is one that I've heard told many times. The villain's evil plans to kill the main character are laid out in the first few minutes. He has the hero arrested and put on trial, and the hero is then told to find the villain and stop him. As the movie goes on it gets progressively worse. First the villain is killed, then his accomplice escapes. Then the hero goes after them. And so on and so forth.   (The first movie has the most interesting plot. The second is the least interesting.)   The movie was supposed to be funny and entertaining, and it is, for the most part. There are some jokes that are funny. There's also some fun to be had in watching the characters go from hero to villain. The action scenes are somewhat good, but they are a little over the top and unrealistic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has the same old "sugar rush" formula as the majority of these kinds of movies: lots of sugar, lots of alcohol, lots and lots of women, lots  of action, lots a sex. But instead of sugar being the only thing in this movie, it is the main character's addiction to it, which has caused a lot of problems. The main character is a junkie, and although he's a junk addict, his addiction is not due to sugar, but to the constant use of heroin, which he is forced to get from the same junkies that he has been working with since he was a teenager. The one person who has any influence over this junkie is the "doctor" (played by a very pretty actress who is the only person who seems to understand the addict's point of view). The "doctor", in addition to the "junkies", are the main antagonists in the movie, as they have been abusing and controlling the main protagonist for quite some time. Unfortunately, they are the only characters who are not junkies, and so they are able to be a little bit more sympathetic. It would have been much better if the main antagonist was an actual junkie who was able to speak to the protagonist's own inner demons and understand the true nature of his addiction. This would have allowed him to be able to have some insight into why the protagonist has been so in love with the junkies and what he would do if he ever found out that the junkie was actually a drug addict. I was actually looking forward to this movie for a while, as I am a huge fan of Michael Keaton, and I was looking forward as well to the possibility of seeing the real Michael Keaten in action, but I was disappointed by this movie. The acting is good, but the dialogue is really bad. I guess it was a good idea to try to have a good action movie about a junkies addict, but this one is a complete disappointment.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is about an American scientist who tries to develop a device to kill zombies.   He tries to make the device by stealing a car and some parts from a shop, but the car is stolen from a police car, so he has to call his wife to come pick him up.  There's a few scenes in the movie where the wife has to drive the husband around in the car. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty bad movie.  The story, while well acted is not very good.    There are some pretty bad acting, and the story just doesn't make sense.  Also, there are some scenes where they just make up stuff, such as a character getting killed and then coming back to life and killing the new one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I just want to say that this movie is not a good movie. The plot is really bad. There is no reason why anyone would care about what is going on. There are so many things that are just dumb. This movie has some good moments, and the people in it are all so weird and funny. It is so stupid. But the worst part is that it is supposed to be a horror movie. I'm sorry, but this is not scary at all. I hope that the director is in prison.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a horrible piece of trash.  It's a very, very poor, low-budgeted, amateurish, low quality film, and it's probably the worst movie ever made.  You can tell from the title and the cover art that this movie was made to cash in on the success of the first film (a sequel to the film with the same name), but that just isn't the case.  The film is so bad, it's not even funny.  There are just too many mistakes in this movie to count, and they are just a lot to make up for.   The plot is really just an excuse to make a bunch of bad, terrible jokes.  This is the kind of movie where you see people laughing their heads off at things that are clearly meant to be taken seriously.  I don't even think it's possible to make jokes this bad that are not stupid.  Even worse, there's a couple of scenes that just seem like they were done by a 12 year old, or at least they come across as that.  What the hell, people?  I can't say I like this movie, but I can say that I don`t hate it.  A lot of people really liked the first movie, so there's probably a little bit of nostalgia for this one, too.  But for the record, I don\'t recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In a nutshell: a "bad" movie that is at least entertaining.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In fact, I'm not sure if it's an action movie at all.  A lot of it is just standing there.   It's an old-fashioned noir, the kind of film that you see in the movies in the 1920's and 1930's.  But it's just not all that great.  And it has a very dull ending.  This is another film that doesn't have a great ending.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those "Worst movie ever!" movies that was made in 1980s and it was like a "Taken" but in a different time period. There was a bunch of cops in a field with a bad guy on their tail, they were chasing the bad guy and he was about to shoot one of the cops and the bad guys got into a fight with one of their guys and they killed him and then he turned the gun on one of them and then they killed the other guy and then one of his men got shot and then the bad dude ran away and the cops chased him. The bad guy didn't want to die so he shot the other cops and then ran into a cave and killed himself. The scene was just bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think there is no one who doesn't enjoy this movie. The acting is great, the film is good. I wish there was more to the story.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is a "horror" movie where a couple has to escape a zombie horde by going into a hotel where they're being attacked by the zombies, then the zombies kill the wife and then the husband comes out to help and then they both get killed.   I mean this is like the "A Serbian Film" in that it has the zombie horde and a wife and she's going to die and he comes out of nowhere and kills the horde and then he and the wife both die, I don't even like horror movies and this one is so bad, and I have to admit that it looks good because they did make a movie out of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was expecting a little more from this film, especially considering that the title is an acronym.   The film does not really have much going for it.  The characters are all very forgettable and the plot is nothing more than a very long and drawn out train wreck.  I found myself hoping that this film would end sooner than later and I was disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was disappointed to find that this film has a few faults, but it does have a few things that make it better than its mediocre rating.  One of the better films of the year. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie takes place in a small rural community in Iowa, and is not exactly a big deal. It's more of a family affair. There's the father, Jerry, a very handsome man who works as a plumber and lives with his wife and daughter. The daughter is named Sally.   Jerry is a pretty good guy, who tries to do everything in his power to make a good life for his family.  He tries to be a good father and a good husband.  I was disappointed with the ending, but I'll have to give it a pass because it wasn't really bad.  It's a nice little story with lots of heart. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know if I should like this movie at all. The first time I watched it, I thought it was a decent film, and it got better and better with each viewing. Now I don' know if this is a good movie or a bad one. It starts out strong with a strong opening. I liked the way it was shot and how the director handled the characters. It's like a combination of A Christmas Story and The Wizard of Oz. The way it starts off is really interesting, as the film does a great job of making the audience believe that they are in a movie. The characters are great too, and each one of them is so different that you wonder how the filmmakers were able to get so much of them in one film. However, there is something very wrong with the story of this movie. It has to be the ending. I'm not a fan of a movie that has a horrible ending. This is one of those movies where the ending is so bad that it's almost funny. I guess the filmmakers had no idea how to end a movie? The ending is the movie's biggest problem. The movie was made to be funny, but it's not. I don''t even think it's funny, it's just really bad. I'd love to see a remake of this film, or perhaps an animated version of it. If you''re going to make a movie about a bunch of people that go on a trip to the Grand Canyon, I guess you have to make it a little better than it actually is. I give this movie a 4 out of 10. If I could give it a 1 I would, but I think a 4 is a fair rating.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film was supposed to be an action movie, but it never had any action to speak of, so all it did was make me feel bad for the characters.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was surprised that I loved this movie so much.   It's a horror movie where the killer is not a supernatural being but a man.  The man is called "Mr. Gaunt".   This movie is not for the squeamish.  It features blood, gore, and a few deaths.  A good time was had by all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not looking forward to this movie at all, and in fact I found it to be one of the worst things I have seen in years. I was a little surprised by this movie, I mean it has a good premise, and a good cast (the young cast is quite strong), but the story doesn't really add up to it. It's about a group of children who, after being abducted from their homes by a monster, are rescued by a small, furry creature who teaches them how to become friends with him. Then a few episodes later, the monster is killed by a little girl, who then turns out to be the mother of one of those children. It gets a little strange when the little girl reveals to the rest of the children that she has been in the forest all her life, and that she is the mother to a little boy who has been missing from her family for some time. It turns out that the little boy was the son of the monster, who was killed by the little blonde girl. The movie ends with the children running off to find the little kid. At the end of the movie, we are left with a big cliffhanger, so it seems like it could be an extended ending. But no, the movie is over after the kids go back home, and the monster remains dead. I just found the whole thing pretty lame, and I don't like children at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's all about the big bad bully!   I liked the movie, the only bad part is the little kids acting like idiots.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made for $3 million. It is basically the same as the movie "Hannah Montana"  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was bad, very bad. The only good thing about it is that the ending is the best in a bad film, a really bad movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are a few things to be said about the movie: 1. The film's title is a lie. The movie takes place in an asylum in a fantasy world where everything is magical. I thought this was a brilliant idea, but then I learned it is not. The fantasy world is so lame it is as though a director tried to turn one of the Disney films into a horror movie. The acting is also a joke. There is a guy with a long face, a giant who can break anything and a girl who can fly and talk like a cat. The ending was also a gag. There was one point where one of these creatures walked over to a girl and gave her a hug, but the girl did not notice it. It was not until she looked down and realized what was happening that she stopped, but it was still a bad ending. 2. I also thought that the way the movie was shot was so amateurish, but I think it was the directors who did that. The characters all had different body types, the faces looked like they were done by a third grader and the lighting was so bad. This is not to say that this is bad, because the movie is quite good. The actors were all pretty good, and it was a good story. The music is also good, although it was very cheesy. The way it was shot also made it look amateurish. The editing was also bad, but not as bad as I thought. I would give this a 3/10 if I could, but a 10 is a better rating.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A poor man's remake of a terrible movie.   One of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is very poorly acted, and there is nothing else to say about it. There is nothing wrong with the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst films I've ever seen. It's so bad that I can't even get it off the DVD. I've read reviews that the film is about an ex-convict who wants to get revenge on the guys who put him in prison. I'd say that's pretty accurate, but there's also an elephant in the room. I thought the elephant was the fact that he's a real-life ex-cons (a few scenes are set in prison), but apparently the film didn't take that seriously. It was about a guy with a gun who has been told that his daughter has been kidnapped by these two guys. He gets in his car and follows them, then finds out that the daughter has disappeared. I don't know how many times I've seen that movie. It has the same basic structure. A guy gets kidnapped by two bad guys, then the bad guys are killed. I was hoping the daughter would have been alive to save this guy. He drives around looking for her. Then she comes back. The only good thing about this film is the dialogue. It wasn't bad, and the movie made a few good points.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story follows a man who has lost his wife and his family and is now forced to live with his daughter. He is given a job as a janitor at the home of the woman he loves, a woman who he is completely unable to love. He tries to convince her to return to him, but she refuses. The plot, like the movie, is rather stupid. It's like someone saw a really bad movie, and just decided to make it into a story about a woman and her son.  The film is shot in a bad style.    In conclusion, the film is a terrible mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful movie that shows how bad things have gotten in the last 30 years. I was not expecting much of a movie when I found out it was directed by John Huston and written by Ernest Lehman. I had no idea that this was a movie about a couple of people living together. When I heard that the wife was an actress I thought she would be in the movie for a scene. It turns out that she is actually in the film and she was the most annoying thing in the whole movie. I found it so bad that I thought I should see a comedy about a dog. I saw it again and again and it was so funny. I thought it would be a comedy that would have some kind of meaning to it but no, it is just a movie that has no meaning to the viewers. This is a horrible movie and you have no right to watch it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was very slow, and the dialog was uninteresting. The acting was horrible, especially for a movie with such a large cast.   The plot was bad, the ending was stupid, and I never understood the point of the movie. It was like watching a terrible movie made by someone who was just a little bit too obsessed with a bad idea. I'd say it was like a bad parody of a bad comedy.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most disappointing and dull movie I've ever seen.   I know it's a kid's movie and I'm a kid too but I don't care.  I mean, it's about an alien and he's supposed to be the most important character ever, right? But the movie has no real plot and it just drags along with the aliens fighting the other aliens. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story was boring and the film was terrible! I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, it's a bad film and not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie's only saving grace is that the film has an actual plot that's worth watching, with the protagonist trying to find his missing sister.   It's a shame that there's so little going on, but I do like the ending where the character who was trying to help the woman find the father reveals that his wife has died and is now buried in the family plot, so that's one happy family. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think the best part of this movie is the part where the kids are playing with the car keys.   It is so cute and funny that I couldn't help laughing at it.  It was so cute how they were playing with keys and playing the music too.  But I do not like how the kids used to be so little, now they are all grown up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting more from a movie about a young boy's life in a haunted house, but it was disappointing.  He just sits there, looking very lost and confused.    The story is a bit corny, and I don't really know why he was in the house in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a sad waste of time. The movie was made for the sake of making a quick buck and the story line was so poor that I couldn't even remember what the movie was about.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good movie.   I think it's about the last man in the world who can do it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an old style exploitation film. You have some really weird looking guys trying to take over a city. They do it in a way that's just bizarre. It's very, very odd and it has a lot of great moments.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has some good action, but it's pretty bad for a comedy. There's some funny moments here and there, but they're few and far between. The film is just a mess. The plot is just silly. It's just too long, and too boring. I have a feeling that this movie was made for a low budget, or just a low point in the history of comedy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You may not believe this, but the movie's only redeeming feature is that the movie actually manages to be good.  I don't care what you say, but there's no way a guy like that could play the lead in a movie like that!  Even when he's playing a villain, he's still pretty decent.   There's just something so creepy about the way he walks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing you'll notice about this movie is that it's in black and white.  It's like watching a movie in a low-quality video store.  The film is not bad, but it's not good either.   It doesn't feel like a movie made in a garage.  In fact, it doesn't look like a film made at all.  You'll get the impression that the filmmakers were going for something more ambitious, like a short.  They might have gotten there, but not by much.  I'm not saying this because I'm an admirer of this movie, I'm saying it because I've been watching the same bad movie for more than two decades now.  So why is this movie bad?  There are three reasons.  1.  One,  the plot.  2,  It seems that the only people that can talk are three guys.  3,  There's a lot of cursing.  One,  One of the funniest things about this is that there are a few characters in the film who seem to be talking about themselves a lot.  For example, one of them is talking about a girl they used to know who was a dancer.  And then there's the other guy who's talking about his wife, and then he talks about his dog.  This doesn't help, and it makes the whole thing seem silly.  Also, there are too many shots of the same location.  These shots don't help the overall impression.  Here's another problem.  A lot of times the camera just lingers for too long.  When the actors are talking and not in the middle of the action, it's just unnecessary.  If this were a bad film, the bad camera would make it better.  But it isn't, so this is just another reason why it's bad.  4.  Another problem is that this film is one long joke.  Sure, it starts with a joke, but by the end of the film it's all just a big joke.   I've said it a few times, but I think it's important to point out.  That is, if you think a film is funny, and you don't laugh at it, it might be funny, but that doesn't mean it's good.  There is a lot going on in this film, and I'd like to focus on just one thing.  5
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a terrible, terrible movie, but I think that's the point. This is a film about a family who are all idiots, but the one idiot is the only one that has the intelligence to be in this movie. He can't even spell the word "piss" correctly, but he's got the intellect to see that the family of idiots are getting stupid. It's like they can't read or write, but they can tell a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an ugly movie.  The acting is awful.  Posted by Andrew at 7:52 AM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't even want to be negative about this movie because it is really not that bad. It has some great action, and is pretty well acted, with the only real negative I can say about it is that it is a bit long. But I suppose that's the point. The movie is just too long to really get into the story, and there is just way too much going on in it. So this movie isn't that bad really, but it's just not worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last 10 minutes were some of the worst I have ever seen in a movie. This movie has no redeeming quality whatsoever.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was so bad that it made me vomit when I watched it. It has a bad story and a bad script. It was a comedy about a woman who takes a train into a city and gets raped by a policeman and an air hostess. It seems to be based on a true story, but I can't think of anything more ridiculous than that. The story was like this: She gets raped in the train station. Her life is destroyed. She's ruined and there's nothing she can do about it. A very strange movie. I don't like this movie and I won't watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a joke and an absolute joke. I can't believe that anyone made this movie. There are too many holes in the plot to even believe that the actors even knew what was going on. I guess I was a little surprised that it was a parody of something. This movie had a lot of heart and it was just a shame that it came out at a time when so many of the other movies I watched last year weren't as funny as this one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a terrible movie!  It was terrible.  Why would they go to the trouble of making a movie about the Nazi party and then write a story about the "evil" Hitler who has just killed so many of their own men?  This movie was made for a specific audience - a very stupid one - but at the end of the movie the audience has to sit and watch a Nazi parade through a city and then it's time to kill the Nazi leader.    I hate that the Nazis were portrayed as so evil in this movie, because they were not evil.  They were stupid, incompetent and stupid.  In the end, it's just a parade and a parade is not that much fun, but this movie was really bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a film that will make you want to run, run, RUN from the end. The movie takes place in a world where people live in small houses, and the houses are made of wood. The house where the film is set is made of solid wood, and it is a small one. The story begins when a family is moving to a new home, and they are staying in a small house. The father of the family is a man who is a doctor, and he has a young wife. The wife is a woman who is very beautiful, and has an ugly and ugly looking son who is called a "fairy". The father has to take the son to school, and when he gets there, the son is told to stand on a table, and that is all he has to do. The son does so, and then the father takes off. The next day, the boy is standing on the table, but he has lost his shoes and socks, and now his pants are too. He runs to his mother and says that he has run off, and she has a hard time believing it, and also has a harder time believing that she is actually sitting on a chair that is floating. She tells the father that he is in a lot of trouble, and runs away to find her husband. The film ends with the father's wife trying to explain to her husband that he needs to stop, but the son does not understand what she is saying, and his mother does not believe her. It is a good little film, but it is not very good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was not in love with this movie. I did not love it, and in fact, hated it.   The story is simple, but not for my taste. It was like the movie was filmed with a hand held camera in a low-budget movie set.  The plot is a big joke. The only "plot" is the "plot".   If the scriptwriters were going to make a movie about a bunch of people that had been drinking for two months and were drunk out of their minds and not talking to each other for weeks, they should have written a movie that was more like a soap opera than a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was the worst movie ever made.   It was just a bad idea that someone thought would be funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had to have a talk with a friend of mine about the new Transformers movie.   The plot line is pretty bad.  They had to kill the Autobots (I think they were going to have Optimus and the Matrix on screen at the same time) but in the middle of the movie, they do it with a sword.  It is so bad that it's funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a "B" movie. The story of the film is fairly unoriginal.   The movie is about a young woman who is trying to find her missing husband.  It is all a little silly, and the story doesn't go anywhere.  This was a very low budget film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is bad and I have never seen anything so bad and so poorly made.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most common complaint about the film is that the screenplay is bad. The story is nothing new - a guy gets drunk and tries to kill his wife and two daughters. The plot does not go anywhere, the characterizations are cliched and the acting is amateurish, to say the least. I could not finish the film because I was bored out of my mind.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie once. It was a very bad movie. I thought it was a poor idea to make a movie that is so boring. It really is not very good. It's a poor excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a couple of children who are going through a very difficult time.   They are the only ones left at home.  When they have a hard time sleeping, they think about what they would do if they found out they would not be around.  One of them thinks about how much better off they would be if they were never born.  They then decide to get rid of the other.  After they leave, the other child tries to commit suicide.  The parents come home to find the child is dead.  It is later revealed that the child had been poisoned and had swallowed some pills.  This was the last movie they saw together before the death of the child. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the last time I saw this movie.  It was not a bad film.    I do not remember much about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a terrible one. It has some very bad acting and terrible music. It's just horrible! I was so bored by it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very mediocre movie, but I have seen worse.  The only thing that made it even remotely enjoyable was the actors and the scriptwriters (but I wouldn't want to watch it again).  I found the movie pretty dull and boring (I know it's supposed to be "romantic" but I would not go so far as to call it so)  It's a "feel good" movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is not a bad film.   I don't know why people are saying it's a bad, terrible movie.  There are a couple of decent moments, and I really like the music, the setting, and the acting.  The acting is mostly pretty good, with a few of the more annoying lines.  I have seen worse films, and this was not among them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A mediocre movie that doesn't even try to be anything but mediocre.   It's a story of a guy and his best friend who go to a haunted house and have a bad time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what to say. This is one of those "one time" movies. I can only think it was done in a hurry because it has a bad ending. If I ever find it I will give it a try, but I have no desire to go back and watch it again. I think it would be better to forget about it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title says it all, and the movie does not disappoint.  I'm not sure why the director chose to show a young man in the early 1900's trying to get back into the life of a young woman by taking up a job as a cook at the White House.    The only thing that makes it any better is that his wife is a very pretty young lady who makes him look like a real dork!   This is a movie that is so bad, that I have to wonder how the director got the rights to this classic and decided to remake it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm sorry to say that The Dark Knight Rises is a truly horrible film. I'm sure many people have watched it and enjoyed it. It's a good action flick. I thought it was pretty good until it reached its climax and then it was like a horrible nightmare. It was like the movie version of "The Nightmare Before Christmas" where everything was happening in the middle of the night, only it's happening in a movie theater.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was at first intrigued by the idea of a man who has been shot by a police officer, who then takes the police officer's wife hostage. This leads to a rather bizarre and at times hilarious ending that would have made Mel Brooks proud.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A young lady is in her late 20's, having a mid life crisis. She is a bit of a bitch to the young people, who don't have a clue as to why she is so angry.  The movie starts off as a story of a young man's love for a young woman who was born out of wedlock.   The movie starts out as a typical love story with a young girl who has to learn that her true feelings are not as strong as the man she loves.  A young woman in her mid 20's gets married to a young guy and has two kids. The movie has an extremely cheesy ending that will make you laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was bad, I wouldnt recommend it to a friend, the characters were all so bad, the acting was awful and the story was so bad its hard to believe its a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As far as the story goes, we have our hero (the title character) who was raised by his aunt, uncle, and auntie's boyfriend. The uncle and aunt's boyfriend have been married a long time and are now divorced. He is married to his high school sweetheart and she has just moved in with him. She's a pretty, but a bit wild. He's not exactly attracted to her, but he's not totally against her either. Anyway, this doesn't take long to turn into a bad idea. One night, while the two are having a conversation, they get into an argument and the boyfriend gets so pissed that he starts beating up on her. Then we find out the reason: she's a virgin. I don't know what this means, but it certainly isn't a good thing.   The other problem is that we don't really know why he's so angry with her, other than he's a jerk and he doesn't like virgins. This is where the movie begins to go downhill. I was not prepared for the sexual content of this movie. It wasn't too bad, but then again, that's not really the point of a movie like this. It's just not for me. It was a little graphic and uncomfortable for me, and I just could not get into it. This could be a good movie if it was done well and had a more realistic plot, but for what it is, it's a bit over the top and I can't say I enjoyed it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If I had to pick just one thing that makes this movie so bad I'd say that it is just bad.   There are some interesting elements in the film, particularly in the scenes with the two sisters, but the writing is just so bad. The acting is bad, too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an over-long, over-stressed mess of a movie.  There are so many silly elements in this movie that it just doesn't work at all.    If you are a fan of horror, don't watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie opens with a bad-ass battle sequence between a pair of Russian and American pilots. The Russian guy is wearing a leather helmet with a bullet hole in the side and a long black beard. The American guy is rocking a leather jacket, a black hat and a fedora with a big brim. They shoot each other up and fly away, and the American guy gets killed, and then comes back to life and beats the Russian guy in a race to the airport. I am so glad I was not in the theater. The Russians have a bunch of tanks and are flying them around. I was waiting for a nuclear holocaust, and I was wrong. It's actually a pretty boring movie. I'm sure the Russians will come back with a nuclear bomb, and they will beat the Americans again, and once again the Americans will come to the rescue and destroy the Russians. The Americans are the most incompetent military force on the planet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is just a bad joke that has no reason to exist.   It is the first time I've ever watched a movie that I found so annoying that I couldn't stand it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, it's not exactly a movie, but it is more like a dream. It is not an action movie; it is a dream, which is very hard to live up to. It could have been much more if it had been more of a movie; instead it is too much of a dream for the dream to take place.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had not seen the movie in 20 years and I thought I would enjoy it again. I was not disappointed. It was a horrible movie. It is about a man who comes to the island in the middle of the night. His goal is to kill the killer who killed his son. The killer has an ugly daughter. This is the story of a killer. It had no tension. It has no suspense. The movie was very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a joke, a complete and utter joke. It is one of those movies that have the actors and actresses on the same page and they act like idiots and idiots at the same time. It starts off as a comedy but by the time it gets going, it becomes a disaster.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would not want to go to see this movie again, unless the actor playing the bad guy was really mean.   For a movie that's about "the war on drugs" and the "war on terror" it really doesn't do a whole lot of either.  This movie's got a great title but that's all it has.  It's really just a movie about a "drug king" (or queen) and a bunch of henchmen, and a bit of murder.  The henchman characters are really one dimensional and don't have any real back stories, they just come off as really bad people.  I really don't like this movie, it's just a cheap horror movie that tries to shock you with how bad it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie on a flight back from a wedding I attended with a couple of friends. It was very low budget and it was a good movie. It made me laugh. It didn't make me cry. It wasn't a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I liked this movie. It's a little goofy and funny, but it's not an "adult" comedy. It is very light on plot and character development. I didn't understand the point of the movie at all. I would have liked a more serious plot and a better script, but I think that was a good decision. It just isn't that interesting a movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie starts off like a bad TV show, with a good cast of actors, but they are all very bad actors. The plot is just terrible. A man goes to a cemetery to bury his late wife, who was a drug addict. As the story unfolds he finds out the rest of her life, and it is really not very good. I found it hard to follow, but even harder to look away. It was like watching a bad film, with bad actors playing a bad role. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are better movies about space than this one, but this one is not nearly as bad as the title might lead you to believe. The movie is actually pretty funny, especially considering the time it's set in. If you have a few spare minutes, watch it and be entertained. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is so bad it's not funny at all. I have never heard anything like this before in my life.   Posted by Robert A. Saylor at 9:04 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know what this movie is supposed to be. It's supposed to have something to say about the current world.  But I can't help thinking that this movie has nothing to say.    It's like watching the first ever video of a retarded pig who does nothing but sit on the wall. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is not funny.   I didn't think it was funny at all.  The characters are not well drawn, they are stereotypical.  There is not a single good thing about this movie, it is just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first 10 minutes are the most fun and entertaining part of the movie. The film is based on a short story by a Russian novelist, Ivan Dragozin. The plot is as follows: The story begins when a boy named Mikhail, a little lad, who has the fortune of having an older brother who has inherited all the money in the family, decides to go on a camping trip. His parents are afraid of him going away because they do not want to see their son like that. He does not know how to behave himself and has to be told a few times to be quiet and follow his mother's orders. He also has to behave with a boy, Ivan, who he likes. The parents, however, are against him going on this trip because it is so far away. When they find out that Mikhail has left the house without permission they start to worry and begin to ask him to return. It is then that the mother, when told that Mikhail is missing, runs out to look for him. The father has a little bit of luck and finds out that his son is on a trip with a local girl. He then decides to take the girl and go back to their home to tell his son the good news.   In the meantime the father comes across a local family that is being terrorized by a gang of young men. He decides to help them and in the process of doing so he is caught by the thugs and beaten up. When the gang leader tells him that they will get him, he asks them what they mean by that and is told that they mean to burn down their house. They then come up with a plan of how to do this. The leader tells them that they are going to burn their house down to make it look like a fire. They take the father and put him on a truck. After he is put in the truck they take the mother and put her in a truck as well. Then they take their son and put them in a bus. They drive to a small town and make it appear as if they are traveling to a wedding and then when they get there they drive off and set the house on fire. The family sees what is going on and runs to get their children. In the meantime, the father sees his son and runs after him to bring him home. The bus they were driving comes to a stop and they stop in a field. They tell their children that they have to go to the hospital to have their
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A "movie" of an idea that should never have been made.  The idea is to be a movie about a guy who is a magician who is working in a bar in a strange town.    He is supposed to be doing a magic trick with a magic bar that he buys from a guy.  The magic bar is actually a door to another world that has different rules, different people, and no money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A few hours after watching this I was standing on a highway with a large black SUV and a large truck, and we were headed for the town of Siesta Key, a small town about fifteen miles away from Key West, Florida. The roads are winding and mostly empty, and the weather was warm and sunny.   It was a nice day for a drive. We passed through the town's tourist area, and then the highway was closed, and I was able to get a ride back to the hotel where I had spent the night.  This movie, along with the original Star Wars, is a good reminder of why we like to watch science fiction and fantasy movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to get a laugh out of a movie about a bunch of old men sitting around at a hotel, you could do worse than this one.  The script is the worst thing in this movie, and that's saying something.    The characters are all either completely incompetent, or just not believable, especially the hotel manager, who just gets off on the job, like some kind of mad dog.  This is probably the most poorly acted, filmed, and written movie I have ever seen.  I can't believe anyone thought this was a good idea.  The ending is just silly and cheap, but it is still worth a laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movies ever made.   This movie was just horrible.  The story was ridiculous and stupid.  I had a hard time getting through the entire movie.  It just seemed so pointless.  And the story is even more pointless than the movie itself.  If you are going to make a movie about a crazy person, make it a good one.  This was a bad joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved the first movie so much, and thought it would be my favourite until I watched the second one. The story was okay, but there was too much going on for me to get into it. The acting was all over the place, and I don't think the characters were developed enough. There was also a bit of swearing and a scene that was just a bit too violent. It was a disappointing movie, especially when you thought it was going to be a brilliant one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is ridiculous.  A young boy named Chris (who looks like a cross between Jack Nicholson and a young Tom Cruise) has a series of strange dreams involving a girl named Rose who's really a demon.  They were all very funny but I didn't get into the story.   I don't think it would be too hard for someone who hasn't seen a lot of horror movies to come up with an idea for this and just watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've seen some bad movies in my time, but nothing as bad as this one. It was bad enough that I had to leave the theater before I could finish the movie, but the ending was too much.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie doesn't try to be great and does nothing to help it. The action is pretty much what you expect it to be. The movie takes itself too seriously, especially during the climax. It's a pretty decent movie, not the worst, but it is a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a great example of bad filmmaking, as it is both an amateurish attempt at making a comedy and a clumsy attempt at comedy. The bad actors, which include Jack Palance and Kevin Kline, are not exactly convincing, but the bad script, with a bad idea about the whole thing, and poor acting, really make the movie worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was just too bad to be good. I guess if you've seen a good movie in the past you know that the ending will be bad, but this ending is so bad. It's the most disgusting and terrible movie I've ever seen.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A fun action movie with a great cast, great action and a good script.  The only reason why this movie isn't in my top 10 is because it is a little dated, I mean, it has an older cast and a lot of violence.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I liked this movie so much that I wish it had a sequel.   It was a good watch!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have been waiting to see the first "Batman" movie since the 1960's. I'm glad it was made in the 80's. It has the best villain in the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film that's all about the wrong kind of sex.  The sex is bad.    It's just bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that struck me about this movie is that the title says it all. You might be a bit confused at first with the film, as the name seems to be taken from a book that came out in the 1980's. I'm guessing this is a sequel to that book. I can't say I found the film as entertaining as I would have liked. The film is about a man who wakes up from a coma and discovers he is not who he thought he was. He tries to live a normal life with the help of his friend (played by an old man) and finds himself in a lot of trouble.  I have to admit, I'm a fan of these old horror movies. The first time I saw it I thought it was a cheap knock off of "House of the Dead". That's just me though, I don't think they were cheap.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "It's a terrible film with a bad story.  The characters are stupid, the plot is contrived, and it takes place in a world that doesn't exist.   "The only reason to watch this is to see if it can be made into a television show.  " -Moviebob
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie on a plane last year and I found it to be a very bad movie.   The only thing that I really liked about this movie was the way the two main characters interacted with each other.  There is a small bit where they are arguing and they are fighting but I guess that's just because of the fact that they are the two worst people in the world.  I'm not sure what the main plot is about but there was nothing good about it.  The movie starts off with the two characters arguing and then they start fighting and then it goes on like that.  This movie was pretty bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty bad movie, and I don't really see what all the fuss is about. The main character is very much a caricature of a typical'male chauvinist pig'. I guess this is supposed to be funny, but it's not. The movie has a lot of bad dialogue, bad acting, and a bad script. It's just not a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was very excited about this movie, as it was a remake of the classic "The Last Unicorn". It was also supposed to be a romantic comedy, and it got both of those things, but it is a total mess of a movie. The story is a very strange one, and the characters are all very flat. The main guy who is supposed to have a romance with the unicorn, is just another annoying idiot. He is constantly yelling at the unicorn and acting all like an asshole, and he is really annoying. He has a huge mouth and is just there to get a laugh, and then when he is done, he just leaves the scene. He never even says anything to the unicorn. He just acts all silly and yells. The other characters are also kind of annoying, and I was even laughing at their jokes. I felt like I was watching the same movie over and over. The acting is pretty bad as well. The movie is just really annoying and it does not even try to be funny.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this film a few years ago.   The script was very poor, and the actors were just bad.  I was never a big horror fan, but I was intrigued by the "Bogart-like" look and feel of the film, and it looked pretty good for an 8mm film.  It was a little bit long for me, so I couldn't really enjoy it as much as I could have.  The movie does have a couple of good scares, but the rest is pretty bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing that made this movie more fun was the fact that the movie took place in the 70's. What a time! We get to see some action-packed scenes between the two heroes. The main villain was a "busty blond". She was not only hot but very much in your face and very much not "submissive".   This movie has a good storyline, but it gets repetitive and boring in the later parts. The movie also got a bit "shaky" in parts.   A good movie, but a bit short.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really bad movie. The director is a little over-enthusiastic in his direction and I have to wonder why he was hired to direct a movie like this in the first place. The movie tries to be funny, but it doesn't succeed at all. I'm sorry, but this is a bad comedy. The story line is silly, the acting is awful and the dialogue is terrible. The ending is a big joke. I wish I had spent my money on a different movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie was a horrible one! The acting is horrendous! The story is the most boring plotline you can find! I have not seen this movie in 20 years and it is still awful! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie with a lot of heart and a good ending.  This is a good story, a good movie, a bad director, bad acting and bad special effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The bad movie is a movie about the bad guys and what they are up to. This is the worst movie I have ever seen in my life and I have seen a lot of bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're going to go to a movie to see a movie, why not go see a good movie?    A really good movie!   There are lots of good things about it: 1.  The writing is great, it is not pretentious.   It doesn't make you want to read the next chapter.  2.  I thought the acting was great.  3.  There is a great love story.  4.  My only complaint is that the ending is a little too abrupt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I know it was supposed to be a documentary but the first half of the movie is mostly about how the U.S. Army used to look like and fight with the old-time Confederate regiments. It's an interesting take on the subject that should be seen by anyone with a passing interest in military history and an appreciation for the old days.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film does not work very well.   This is a film made to amuse the masses. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that I have seen once or twice and don't think I ever want to see it again. It is a low budget movie made in the 80's about a crazy man who does all sorts of weird stuff and then kills himself because he doesn't want to die. I think the movie is an example of the 80s low budget style of filmmaking that featured low budget actors and no effects. The only good thing about this movie is the actors who really have a weird performance and the actors' voices are kind of funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like the idea of this movie, and its concept of the "fractal" universe is intriguing. I do wish that it had a bit more to it. It's not really that long, but there are a lot of different concepts that don't quite come together. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film was so bad I had to watch it with headphones.   It has no story line, no characters, and a plot that is so ridiculous it is ridiculous.  The only character who really had a purpose in this movie was the young lady who is the only "love interest" for the lead.  I'm sorry, but I don't give a rat's ass about a "love" story.  It's just a bunch of people doing stupid shit for the sake of it.  As far as the plot goes, it has a bunch a plot holes in it, which you could probably see by the film's title.  First, it would be easier to describe the film as a story of a man's "love", and his relationship with his mother, if he wasn't such a total jerk.  Then, there is the "frightening" lack of plot that makes it hard to even follow.  Finally, the acting is awful.  Again, it's just the cast doing a buncha things that are just a lot of nonsense.  This film could have been better if it were shot in the 80's, with more comedy and less crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not a bad film, it is not even a good one. It is the worst movie that I have ever seen, not just bad, but a bad bad movie. I can see the director's effort, but it was a bad idea.  The plot is about a young man who has been raised in a bad neighborhood by a father who beat his mother. His father is also an alcoholic and an abuser, and so is the mother. This is the story of how the young man ends up in the care of a woman who is a mental patient and then a nun who is also a mentally ill woman. I won't say that the nun has the most interesting story to tell, but she is pretty good at keeping the young people in the neighborhood from doing anything stupid.  I do wish that they had used some of the ideas that have been in the works for a long time, like the movie theater, the swimming pool, and the park.  This movie has a good cast, but most of the actors are not very good.  It is like a movie made in Hollywood, and there is not much that could have been done to make it a better film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie itself is a boring mess of a movie.  I didn't care for the main character.    There are some very strange and strange characters.  The story is poorly written, and poorly acted.  It has a very weak ending.  I'm sure the director would be a bit pissed off that this movie is not the biggest hit he's ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film takes place in a world where the only difference between humans and animals is that humans are better.   I can't really comment on the plot of this movie, because it's really bad.  And the music, oh my gosh, I swear to God.  I swear I can see my future self's face when I hear that.  This movie is awful, so bad, that I don't know where to start.  First of all, the title of the movie is very misleading.  There is no such thing as a cat or a dog in this movie.  Secondly, I am not sure how the writers got their name.  Thirdly, the movie's plot is as follows:  The movie opens with a scene of a group of children at a pet store, and their owner, who is a very good person and a nice person.  The children, who are mostly between the ages of four and eight, have a puppy named Koko.  After spending a little time with Koko, the children all have a pet rabbit named Buddy.  It's not long before Buddy's owner decides that he wants Buddy. He takes Buddy and leaves Koko with the pet store owner.  Koko is sad and lonely, and wants to live with her owner. But the pet shop owner is not too fond of Koko's presence, and tells her that she can't stay with him.  So Koko decides to stay with the owner of the pet pet store instead.  But the owner is a really bad person, and tries to trick Koko into helping him rob a bank.  Luckily, Koko finds out that the bank has a safety deposit box.  When Koko gets to the bank, she finds out about the bad man, who will be coming to take Buddy away.  With a little help from Buddy, Kiki is able to find the safe, and then hides in it, where the man doesn't find her.  However, Kiyoko is not going to let her owner get away with stealing Buddy away from her, so she finds him and tries a very quick sneak attack.  She manages to get to the safe just in time, and manages to put a bullet in the man's leg.  Now Kiyoka is going to have to tell her owner that Buddy has been kidnapped, and she is going in there with him to rescue him. The owner has two options:  He
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    When I say "bad", I mean it really bad. When I say bad, I mean that it's awful. When the camera was off and the story was not told, I just found it to be the most horrible movie ever made. I am not exaggerating, it is a movie that has so many things that it should never be allowed to be seen by anyone. And yet, it's still on the charts. I could watch this movie over and over and it still wouldn't get better. The acting is atrocious, the acting is bad in this movie, the direction is terrible, the plot is terrible. It is a terrible movie that does not deserve to be released, yet it is on the internet and is apparently in the movie theatres. It's disgusting. I was hoping that I could be able to get a refund, but I'm told that I'll have to sit through it and see if it gets any better. I don't know how a person can watch this, but then I saw it once and I never want to see it again. This is the worst movie ever.   The bad reviews:  -I can't even.  The good reviews:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was not that bad, but it had the same problems as all other films in this genre: It is very bad, and the director seems to think it's a good idea to use his daughter as the heroine.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this film at a friend's house and was shocked at what a terrible movie it was. It had no plot and was just an endless barrage of violence and sex. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think this movie is pretty bad.   There are many "puzzle" sequences throughout the movie, where the main character is shown a series of pictures (a lot of them) and asked to guess what they are.  The puzzle is usually pretty easy to solve (a circle), so you can guess that it is a square, but this is a "puzzle" which is mostly just "cute".   The plot is pretty much just the main girl's attempt to be a detective.  There's no development, and the characters just come off as shallow.  It's really just a cheap attempt at a movie that makes you laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   After seeing so many bad films this summer, I have to admit I was really excited to see this one. I have been waiting to see a movie like this since I was a little girl. And boy was I not disappointed. The plot is a bit simplistic, but not to bad. It is really a good story and I was very impressed by the acting. I am very excited to watch this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that would be considered "bad" if it was made by people who were not professional screenwriters, as it has many poor writing choices. The main character is played by the actor in this movie, Richard Harris, and he has a terrible acting style. The rest of the actors are not very good either, including the other main characters in the movie. It is a terrible movie that is about the lives of two men who are not friends. One man is the head of a large corporation. He is arrogant and has a very bad personality, and is very mean to the other men who work for him. He has an almost psychotic personality, which is shown by his constant ranting and raving, and by his refusal to give up his "crazy ideas" to the rest of his workers. The other man is a man who works for the other company. He works for a small office. He does not have much respect for the boss, and feels that the boss is mean to his employees. He too has an arrogant personality, but his behavior is not as bad as the other man's. The two men do not get along at all, and when one of the men tries to take over the company the other tries to get revenge by sabotaging the company. The film is set in the early 1970's, which I would not have considered bad, but it certainly was not good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a shame that this is the second time this movie has been released. It is a pity that this bad movie has not been put out on DVD, but then I am not really interested in watching a movie about a guy who takes his daughter out for a walk and then finds that his daughter has been killed by a dog. There is nothing good about this movie.  I give it a 3.5/10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an atrocious movie.   It is a combination of bad acting, bad effects, and a very bad story.  It begins with a little girl being kidnapped, only to be discovered in a basement where she is raped by a man.  The next morning she awakens to find her clothes, her parents, and her captor in the house she lives in.  This happens in a short period of time, but the kidnapper is very evil and seems to have a habit of coming to the house every night.  Her parents have a very odd way of keeping her safe.  While she is asleep her parents go to the movies.  She thinks that she has been saved from her captivity, but then she wakes up to find that she is in the basement.  In the basement she sees that her kidnapper has a very large gun, and has killed her kidnappers.  He has also killed a dog that she found.  What a horrible way to die.  When she gets out of the basement and goes to her parents house she finds that they are not there.  Then she meets a man named John who seems to be an important man. He helps her escape, but in the process kills her kidnaper.  After she escapes she sees a police officer on the television, and the kidnaper kills him.  John goes to the police and tells them about the girl and how she got kidnapped.  His story is that he had to kill her because she was a threat to his wife.  And there you have it.  One of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The "Handsome Devil" is a really fun movie with a bad-ass cast.   It is a little too long, but that doesn't mean it isn't fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have ever seen.  I was going to write a good review about this movie, but I just couldn't.    It was just so terrible.  I was expecting something a little different, but this is a big "What the Hell?"  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that I wish would never have existed. The only thing I could think of was this: Why are there two women on the screen at the same time? It is ridiculous. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like a kid who got to watch a movie with his parents that was pretty bad.  The movie ends and they both look at each other with the saddest looks you can get.  I watched this movie a few months ago and I have to say that I was not at all surprised.    It's a bad sequel to a bad book and I was expecting the same thing.  I really don't care what anybody else says.  This movie is like a bad piece of trash and it's not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very impressed with this movie.  This movie is one of the best action movies I've ever seen.    This movie is really a tribute to the 70's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not a good movie at all, it has a very bad and confusing story that was very poorly done.  It had a great set of characters, but unfortunately the story was awful.   I'm not going to tell you what happened because there's too many of you that already know that.  What you should do is sit down, watch the film and enjoy it!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    After seeing the opening few minutes of this movie, I knew I was in for a treat. A girl goes to a strange town, and gets caught up in a game of death.   I thought the movie was great. It's so fun, and has a lot of laughs. I was hoping this movie would get better and better, and it did. The story is very interesting, and the actors are very good. I think it's safe to say that if you liked the "Alien" movies, this one is for you. I really enjoyed the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was hoping that this would be one of those movies that you could watch once and not be reminded of it again for years.   This movie is the complete opposite of this idea.  As soon as I saw the opening, I knew I had watched something terrible.  I knew right away that this movie is not funny, it is downright terrible. I don't know how they could make such an atrocious movie, but they did.  The story was absolutely awful.  This was a movie about a girl who lives with her boyfriend who is a bad guy.  When the boyfriend comes home, she says that he's got a gun, and he tells her to get in the car. She goes in the back seat, and then she gets into a fight with her father, who is drunk.  He tells her not to be drunk, and she tells him to get out of her life.  They argue, and it gets worse.  She gets into another fight with him, and her dad says that she should be killed, and they fight more.  Finally, they get to the police station, and the boyfriend calls them to get her out of the car so that he can kill her.  His father says that it is the only way to save her. They get out, and when they get back, they find that the boyfriend is dead.  In a horrible twist of events, the girlfriend ends up killing him.  It is hard to describe how bad this movie was.  Everyone was just so awful.      What made this movie so bad was the acting.  There were so many people doing the same thing over and over, it was just a little too much to take in.  A lot of the actors were just terrible. They all seemed to be having a really hard time.  And they were all very drunk. It was a lot of alcohol just going down their throats.  Unfortunately, this was the only movie that I could really think about for a long time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is so bad, so stupid and boring that it makes me laugh so hard!   It has a great cast and a bad story, so what could possibly go wrong?   The main villain, the "evil genius" from the 70's, is the only character in the movie that is remotely interesting. He is supposed to be a genius who has invented a device that will bring the dead back to life. Well, it is all very well, but why would a genius do this? He does it because he thinks it is funny, and he also thinks it will be a great way to scare people.   He also believes he has made a big deal out of it, because of the large number of people who have been "recovered" in the past.  But the thing is, he has no idea how his device works.  He does, however, believe that if he can find a way to stop it, it can be stopped, and so he decides to stop all of the people who are supposed to have died.  Now he has a huge army of people all around the world who are "recalled" in his "rebirth" machine.  Well, this is the plot of the movie, except that the movie is really boring and there is nothing of interest going on.  In fact, the only time that there is a little bit of a plot is when the "villain" comes up with a plan to "bring" his army to the United States, and then he gets his army together and goes to New York to try to destroy the Statue of Liberty, which is supposed not to be able to be "taken out" by bullets.  This, of course, is just a setup for the climax, which involves a big fight scene and a "discovery" that makes no sense whatsoever.  It is a bad idea to do a scene like this.  Instead, why not do it like a movie?  It would be much better.  The movie is also very silly.  There is a big mechanical arm that has been built into the city and has a man inside of it.  I do not think this is what the writers were trying to do.  And I really do not know what this is supposed be a giant robot with.  What is this thing?  Why does it have a head?  I have seen a number of other movies that have been in theaters for many
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful.  I mean, it was horrible.    It's a story about two young girls who have been friends ever since they were little.  The movie is about two girls who are separated.  One is living with her mother, and the other is living at the other side of the country.  When they go to visit the mother, they both fall in love with each other.  They also decide that they need to get back together.  I didn't really like the ending.  It was predictable.  There were too many plot holes, and it was too easy for the girls to get their own way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie in the theater and it was so boring!   It's a film about a little girl that gets caught by the police and taken to a mental hospital, but it's not like that, it's a nightmare, a nightmare of a nightmare.   The movie starts off so very cute, but then all of a sudden it's about a killer who has come up from another dimension, and he wants to kill this little girl.  There's no dialogue, no sound effects, no nothing, it was all so very, very dull.  I mean it's hard to get a decent film out of a mental asylum!  I'm not sure if the makers of this movie were really thinking it would be that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a complete mess. It is a movie that is full of bad acting and stupid characters, it is a comedy that is just not funny, it has a plot that is weak and stupid and a story that is pathetic. It takes a while to get going, but when it does it is just too bad to watch. The ending is really stupid, you have a couple of scenes that are just silly, and then you have the one that makes me feel sick to my stomach. I am not going to be watching this again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not bad at all.  It's a short and cheesy sci-fi movie that was made in the 70s.    There are a couple of actors who are good in this movie but that is about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie you want to avoid if at all possible. It has a story that goes nowhere, a story about a girl who is a virgin and then a girl, who is really a boy, who turns out to be a girl in disguise. But the worst part is that it does not take itself seriously. It is a movie that has no meaning and nothing at all to do with real life.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have not seen the new version of this film. It's been so long, and there are so many more bad films out there. It is about a guy named "Trey" who is in a coma. In a coma, you can't remember a lot of things. So he's like, "Where are you? Where are you?" And then, "I'm dead." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie itself is very poorly made. The story takes place in a small town. Two friends of the town's Sheriff, a man named Charlie and a woman named Patty are on a train to see a show at the theater. The two are both very drunk and they start having sex. They decide to take a cab back to the town. Once there, they take a nap. The next day, they decide to get into the theater to see the movie. While there, a murder is committed in the audience and they try to figure out who did it.   I would have preferred to watch a movie that was better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a really bad movie. It is a bad bad movie, and the worst I have seen. The movie itself is a horrible mess. This movie is so bad, that I would rather watch the bad bad bad version of the "Dirty Dancing" theme song. I am sorry but this movie is a complete waste of your time and it does not deserve a rating.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the end, I don't think the movie has much to do with a "horror" film, but it is a decent horror film at the end.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot was just so silly. I don't get it. Who would want to live in a house with a giant lizard in it?   But that's the premise: a giant monster (actually a dog) lives in a small town. I have no idea what is so great about this premise, and it is clearly not going to work. The acting was good, but a little over the top.   It's a real shame that this was a big moneymaker and nobody even bothered to turn the budget into a profit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this film is really quite enjoyable. It has a good mixture of humor, adventure, and suspense. It is a bit more dark than I expected it to be.  But once the movie gets going, it is pretty damn dark.   I am a bit surprised that it was rated so low, since the story and characters are very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a huge fan of this film. It was great.  The film is about a father (Robert Loggia) who leaves his family, leaves his job, and has a nervous breakdown. He is then taken in by a man (Bartolo) who works for a large insurance company.  The film was a pretty good comedy with a great score.   The best scenes in the film were when Loggiac went to see the man who had brought him there (B.B. King) to see if they could help him.  Loggic went in, got drunk, fell asleep, and King came to him. They talked and talked and King said Loggific was a nice guy, and that he should try his luck at a new job.  When he went to the company he told them his life story, which was about as bad as it gets.  The company, being a family-owned firm, couldn't fire him for being drunk, so they gave him a job at a supermarket.  It is at this supermarket where Loggial is given the task of taking down the grocery store, because he is the only one who can't figure out what the fuck is going on.  As he is going in to do this he is hit in the head with a brick, which knocks him out for a short time.  There is a bit in the middle of the film where the company tries to get him to stop drinking so much, and he keeps drinking and drinking.  But by the time they get him back to his senses, it is too late.  At the end of the movie they show him having his baby.  I thought this film was so funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a really bad movie. It was so bad I was actually surprised when I saw it on Netflix. I was so disappointed I couldn't stand it. The story is just silly. There are all kinds of silly things going on, such as a man who gets drunk and is so drunk he is able to drive and then he gets stuck in a ditch and it is funny, right up until it is not. Then it gets really silly and very stupid. I don't even know how I can describe how bad this movie is. I just watched it and I couldn;t do it. It made me want to vomit and it makes me sad and angry. I can't believe this movie exists. I'm just so disgusted with it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie sucks. The bad actors (who aren't really bad) make a poor attempt to make a good movie. It was supposed to be a comedy but instead it turns into an ugly, mean, and pathetic movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is based on a book by J.R.R Tolkien. This is a film that I really didn't like at all. The movie is very short and doesn't even show the big battle, but at least it has a nice look to it. It is very simple and uninteresting and I really don't see how people are going to see this movie. It doesn't seem to be a movie about anything, but a book that someone made and made it into a movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are a couple of moments in this film that remind me of " The Evil Dead " and I am sorry for that.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    After hearing a bunch of horrible things about the director of the film "Pleasure Island", I decided to give this a shot.   This movie was pretty bad, but what can I say about a movie that has the entire cast of "Sex and the City" and some of the most uninspired people I have ever seen on screen. It seemed like the director had no respect for the audience and that the entire production was just a waste of time. It was as if he had seen the cast of 'Sex and The City' on TV and decided to make the movie the same way they looked.   I can't believe that the director made this film. I have to say that I will never be seeing a film like this again. I'm not sure if I want to go see it again either.   of course, I have never watched 'Sex And The City'. I have only seen the show. The only reason I knew this was a movie was because I had seen a movie with a "Sex And the City"-esque cast. It looked like a parody of the show, but was not funny. I did not enjoy it. I don't even remember if there was a song in it, I guess it was not very original either.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie a while back on a Saturday afternoon. I was at the time enjoying the first installment of a franchise and I was looking forward to seeing how it would continue. I knew that the plot would be similar to that of the first film but this movie was not what I expected. I thought the film would be about an alien creature that was being held captive in a cave by the bad guys, who would be the baddies in this sequel. The bad guys would also be the aliens. What I got instead was a very slow, boring, and ridiculous movie. I could not believe that this film was made. I mean, it is not even a movie. It is a documentary. It shows footage from an alien's point of view, in a strange, cave. There are some great shots of the alien but nothing to get excited about. The whole movie is like that. There is not a single action scene or a single memorable scene. It just repeats the same footage over and over. And, it doesn't have anything to say. There were a couple of good scenes but they were the exception to the rule.    There are a few good parts of the movie. The shot of the aliens walking into the cave is very cool. The alien's cave was very nice. The aliens were also very nice looking. And there is a great scene of a very tall alien looking up at a human woman. It was very touching.  But it was just a bad waste of a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie does not tell a very interesting story, but it is very entertaining and has lots of action scenes.  I think that the story will be a little boring, but at least it has lots and lots of fight scenes.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I know what I want to say here. I just read the synopsis of this movie and it sounds like a very bad movie, a movie that should never have been made. It's just so horrible and it makes me want to vomit. It starts out very slow, with a creepy old woman who's talking about how she can still see her family members alive in a ghost house, and how her husband died from a heart attack. It then turns into a zombie movie. We then have a young man who has to save a girl from a group of zombies, only to then have to deal with a zombie who looks exactly like him. The girl escapes, but the boy gets bit by the zombie, but he survives, but not without a huge scar on his head. The movie then goes on to be a movie about the son of the original character, a boy who's a bit of a nerd, who goes to school, meets the girl he likes, gets bitten by a zombie, and is left to die. We have a zombie invasion at his school, a zombie attack in the woods, a car that is full of zombies and a zombie uprising in the middle of the city. The ending is just terrible. The only way I can describe it is as a horror movie with the sound of a broken record, with all of the gore and blood and horrible music that makes me gag. I am not exaggerating when I say that this movie is horrible. It really is. I'm going to give it 1 star only because it did contain a good amount of zombie action, and I'm sure there are people out there that will enjoy this movie, but for those people who have no interest in zombies and just want a bad bad movie to watch, this is the movie for you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A lot of people love it, I don't. I don a lot of time with the characters, but they're not interesting or likable.   This is a movie that I don't want to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only good thing about this movie is that the special effects are pretty good.   I like the special effect in the first movie, and I like it a lot in this movie.  It's like they were really trying to make the movie more realistic, and they did a pretty good job.  Unfortunately the acting was not that good, it wasn't bad but the characters were not very interesting.  One thing I can't stand about this is that there are too many references to "Borat" and "Curb Your Enthusiasm"   It just seems like the producers of this movie had no idea what a good satire would be.  I'm sure if they had watched a few of the movies that have come out since then they would have learned a few things, but this was a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A "Hail Mary" Passover movie. It was not funny, and I can't help but feel that it's a waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't see the original, but I can't imagine anyone who loved it loving this.  The new "Gore" was worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is one of those "silly" movies that don't take itself too seriously and makes you feel like you're in a kids movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was a pretty boring movie, it was only interesting in the beginning when it showed us how a bad guy could become a hero in the end. But then the movie ended and we all know what happens next, the movie ends with a bad ending, the ending was lame and stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the worst movies ever made. The movie is set in a very stupid, nonsensical world, where the bad guys, the "Bad guys" are the good guys who want to "clean up" the world. The bad guys are, in general, stupid. They're like the guys from the old Disney cartoons who only want to be seen when they're dressed in their fancy clothes and doing fancy dance moves.   A.J. Jacobs plays the bad guy, who, in his spare time, is an expert crook.  He's in a lot of trouble, because, like all crooks, he's a very, very bad guy. He makes a lot more money by selling stolen merchandise than he does by working in a bank or anything else. He's also a very bad businessman.  It's all a big scam. The "bad guys" who are "good guys" want to help, by eliminating the crooks and cleaning up the world, which, of course, is run by the badguys.  The badguies are very good at their job. They don't want to hurt anyone. They want to protect the people.  This movie is ridiculous and stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film is a disaster of bad choices and bad filmmaking. The film starts with a nice scene at the local high school. This school is a hoot with its bright colors, happy cheer, and even happier teachers. This is all a lie. This movie takes place in a very different high school where things aren't so pretty. In this movie, the students all have dark, twisted personalities and have to deal with the harsh reality of life. It also shows that despite the school being in a beautiful setting, it's still a very bleak place. In a dark setting like that, a dark, depressing movie like this isn't that surprising, but it is still a terrible movie.   There are so many bad choices in this movie. It has a very short, almost no-budget run time, but I doubt that's the reason for the poor quality. I don't know what they did with the movie, but there are just too many things wrong with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story of this movie is a very interesting one. It has some good moments and some bad ones. The story is about a boy who goes to a country where all the people are very nice. They all have one job and it is a job that is so simple, and simple, that there is no need for any intelligence. One day a young man named Oedipus appears at the village, and asks for a job. Oedipal is the first word that comes to mind. However, the boy is in love with a girl named Athena and so he agrees. When he arrives at the job site, he finds that he has been tricked into doing work that he does not like. The girl is also a trickster and makes him do things that he is not able to do. The whole film is about the boy trying to get his girlfriend back. The movie ends when the boy decides to return home, and his father tells him that he can't go because he's the son of the man who tricked him. This is a great movie, and it deserves a very high rating.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The main character of this movie is the girl who is in love with the guy she has a crush on. She has to move back home and has to start all over again.   This movie has some of the worst acting I've ever seen. There are several characters who are completely stupid and make terrible decisions. It's really difficult to keep track of the story when the characters are so stupid.   the ending was just as stupid as the beginning. The guy in the end is a loser and no better than a girl.  .
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The title says it all, and it says it so loud and clear. This is a film that does not deserve a single vote. It's a waste of time, and I've never had a bad time laughing at a bad film. This film is so bad it can only be good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film.  It's bad because of how poorly written it is, bad because it is badly acted, bad, bad!  As a result, I have to give it a zero rating.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is not bad but it is very bad. This is a very bad movie and I will never go to a movie theater again. I can't believe I watched this movie. This movie should not have been made and I am so disappointed in this movie and the people who made it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is not terrible, but not very good either. The movie is about a man who has lost his job, who goes to the city to find a job, and finds one as a bartender. His new boss wants to get rid of him so he can get rid off the money, so he does a job for a client. The client doesn't like it and starts to beat the bartender up, and the bartender gets beaten up, then the client beats up the bartender, and then the bartender beats up both of them, and everyone gets beaten. The bartender tries to get the client to let him go, but the client has an accomplice that is also a client of the bartender. The other client then tells the bartender to go to the police and get rid it of the other client, and that accomplice is a cop. He has a pistol and will shoot the bartender in front of the police if the police do not do so. The cop tells the other cop to put the pistol down and not to shoot the client. Then the other cops comes and all the cops put their hands on the client and arrest him. Then all the other guys come and beat the client, the bartender and the other guy. The cops leave and they go to get more people. The only one who is not beaten up is the bartender who gets knocked around and hurt, but he is not killed. The guy who beat him is not arrested. Then he tells the guy who is beating the bartender that the other bartender got beaten up and beat up a bunch of people, so the bartender is a dead man. The bar gets shut down and all is bad for the guy that got beat up.   Then they all go to his apartment and he gets beaten a little bit more, and he is dead. His apartment is not so bad, but it is in the ghetto, so all the people in there are all poor.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film starts out with a pretty good scene of two guys playing chess and the chess pieces are being destroyed by a chess machine. The guy on the right is talking to his wife who has a baby on the way. Then the guy on right gets hit by a car and falls to the ground. His wife is sitting there holding his head and crying. The lady sitting in the back of the car is crying because she got the baby killed. And then it cuts to the woman with the baby who has just gotten a divorce. The woman tells the husband that the baby died and that she is still grieving over the loss. She tells the man to never marry again. He asks her why she wants him to marry again and she says that she wants to live. The scene is pretty good but it does have a lot of problems. First off, it is very obvious that this movie was made with no money and the movie is very dated. The music and sound effects are pretty cheesy and I never got into the story. It is pretty much just two guys talking to each other and they make the movie sound like it was made in the 50's. The film ends with the man with the divorce and the woman on the car crying and the guy with the child saying "Goodbye my sweet angel" and the film ends. I would not recommend this movie for anyone who likes a good old fashioned cheesy comedy. It was just made for a cheap laugh.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't even begin to say how terrible this movie is.   It's a poorly written and horribly acted piece of garbage.  I hate to say this, but this movie could not have been made any worse.  The only reason I am giving it a "D" is that it is very well acted.  It is just a sad excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an extremely boring film. There are no special effects to be seen. It is simply a repetitive and boring film about a man who loves a girl. I am not a big fan of these kind of films. It doesn't matter if you make a movie in which you have to play a piano and it takes you 5 minutes to learn how to play, it's still boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was so excited for this movie. It's based on the book, which was actually pretty good. It was based on a movie, so there were a lot of people who were not really able to act, and most of the action scenes were not very good. The movie also had a lot more swearing than I was expecting, but it wasn't really that bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a good movie, but it's a very bad movie.   For some reason I didn't feel anything in this movie, it was like a boring dream. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A boring, unimaginative, and uninspired movie. It is based on a book from the late 60s, but it does not take itself seriously at all. It's like it was made by a bunch of people who don't know what they are doing. I can't believe I have to see this again. I mean, the whole movie is about an alien that lives on earth, and he is the main character. This is all he does: sit around all day, do nothing, get drunk, and talk about his love for a girl. This has to be the worst movie I have ever seen. I would rather see the aliens go to the moon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had hoped to see the film "Maniac Cop" and "Sicario" this week but, like the first two films, "Maneater" was an absolute disaster. It's just like the "Santos" films; there are some moments where the actors are on top of their game, but when they need to do a scene, they have no idea what to do. There's an amazing scene where a young man walks into a motel room and finds a young girl tied to the bed. He pulls the sheets off of the bed and the girl's head is poking up out of the mattress. The guy pulls a pistol out of his pants, and the guy's wife comes in the room. The man pulls the pistol out and shoots his wife. The young girl comes out of nowhere and kills the guy. The poor guy just sits there helplessly. What a waste of a film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is one of the worse ones I have ever seen, and it shows in the acting.  For a movie based on the book, it has a rather dull plot, and the only reason it is worth watching is because of the bad acting and the actors who seem to be having a good time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It starts out with a cute and sweet ending, but then, the film takes a completely different turn, to the point where I'm not even sure what happened at the end. It's so ridiculous that I laughed so hard, I almost had a heart attack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie. It's so bad, it's bad! The story follows the family of a man who has been left to a state mental hospital after he committed a murder. He kills someone and is arrested for the murder. The story is not that great, as the man is very dumb and is not very smart. He was just a dumb person who killed someone. So the guy goes to a mental hospital to try to get a better education. And I guess it goes downhill from there. I guess this was supposed to be an action movie, but the guy doesn't really look like a killer. The movie has some good action scenes, but is not really action-packed. I was not sure if I wanted to see this again, but I didn't like it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    - "It's the perfect crime."   This is a "great" movie. It has a lot of heart. It's a story about a man who goes to a local diner, and after he's there for a while, gets a strange feeling and then goes to the hospital. There, he finds that a young girl has been killed and he finds out that the girl was a virgin. He has to take her to a hotel and they have a few hours together. She tells him what she has been through and that she is very upset about it. She asks him to take care of her. He doesn't have the money to do it. So he tells her he's going to go down to the pawn shop, get some money and buy some clothes. And he goes down to find a pawn shop and it's empty. So the girl is dead. The guy says, "Oh, that's too bad," and he goes out and buys a new car.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's just a boring, cheesy horror film. You can feel how the director wanted to show some things, but he didn't really show anything. The actors are just walking around like zombies and the only reason I watched it was because of the music.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad film. It is not a bad horror film as you might think. It's a good horror film. But it's a bad one.   The director is a very good filmmaker. The production quality is very good. I thought this would be a nice little film. I was very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've always loved the idea of a man trapped inside a giant man-shaped dollhouse. It has always been one of my favorites as a kid and I always think of this movie when I think of my childhood.  The fact that they use a man as the giant and the fact that this dollhouse is actually in the form of a mansion, make this even better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an abomination of a movie.  I couldn't believe it when I saw it at first.    It was like watching a dog's funeral.  I can't even tell you how many times I tried to get out of the theater before I realized what I was watching.  The story of the film is pretty straightforward:  The main character is a former professional wrestling wrestler and has to do a movie to get back to his old life.  He does that by working for the owner of a casino who has a bunch of girls he's playing with.  Unfortunately, he has to work for a girl who's a whore and a liar.  It's obvious that she's not all that interested in him and he doesn't really have much of a chance with her.  There are other wrestlers on the set that try to get him to do the movie, but he's not really interested in them.  But, in the end, he does the movie and gets back into the wrestling business.  And then he tries to win the love of a girl he's never met.  At the end of the movie there's a lot of blood and gore, but I didn't really care because I didn a lot more with it than the main character.  A real piece of shit!  The acting is terrible as well.    There are two characters that do anything to get into the movie. One is the owner's wife, who seems to be the only person that wants to be in the movie but she's constantly getting in the way.  Another guy who's played by Brad Pitt is an ex-professional wrestler who's the only one who can get into this movie.   They just have to go to the casino with the girls and take the money.  They also get into fights all over the casino and I'm not sure what they're doing with their faces.  What they do is not sexy, it's just ridiculous.  This is a movie that should not be watched by people who don't like to see blood and violence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is called "Shots from the Past" and it's a short movie about a cop who is investigating the death of a woman in an old house. As he is going to the house he sees a strange woman there.   As the film progresses we see that she has a lot of unusual qualities. She's a woman who is able to change into a frog and back again. She has a small army of small, blind babies who follow her around and are basically her servants. She seems to have a great deal of trouble controlling them.  This is just a little movie.  The only problem I have with it is that it has some of the most bizarre, stupid, and nonsensical dialog ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a very bad movie. Not the most original or funny film, it was very dull and predictable. I'm sure that some people were laughing at this, and I wasn't laughing, it felt like it was just written by a kid who knew how to draw and paint and was bored. The writing was very cliche, I'm not sure if I've seen it before. It seemed like the script was written by an 11 year old. I felt like this movie was just trying to be something it wasn't. It's a fun action movie, but it's not something I would watch again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is absolutely horrible.   The plot is bad.  It is so bad, I don't even want to talk about it.  The main character, Kevin, is a poor man who is forced to work in the factory by his boss, and he ends up falling in love with a beautiful woman named Mariah.  She is not the type of woman to make the men around her unhappy, but she is the kind of woman that makes Kevin happy.  Unfortunately, Kevin's happiness is short lived, as he is soon back in the hellish factory, with no hope for the future.  This is a movie that I would never watch again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I thought the movie was a great experience and I loved watching it. I think I was more in love with the character than I thought I would be. I would highly recommend this movie. It's really good!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was so ready for this movie, so thrilled with the concept. I was not disappointed.   The movie is really bad.  It's a bad idea.  The plot is just bad. There are several scenes where nothing happens.  Some of the actors are really bad in this movie.  They do not have a very good range of voices, especially in this part of the movie. I have seen this movie a few times and I have never enjoyed it.  I do not know why this movie is so popular. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is not about the world war.   This movie is about the story of a poor man who lives in a village and makes a living by selling salt.  He makes a good living and he is happy.  His only wish is that his wife and children live as he does and that is what the film tries to give.  The movie has a few funny scenes and is a good action film.  5/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie sucks!  It is supposed to be a comedy, but it is not funny at all.  I can see that the writers had a good time making this movie.    The story is just terrible.  The movie begins with a little boy who gets caught in the middle of a battle.  He is told by his dad that the world is ending and he should hide and pray.  When the father goes to check on him, the boy gets hit in the head by a piece of debris.  Then the boy is told to run home.  It is then shown that the father's house is under attack from the bad guys.  They want to take all of the things from the house so that they can build a giant spaceship and go to Mars.  We are told that the boy's mom is dead, so he is the last living thing in the world.  Meanwhile, we are introduced to our main bad guy.  She is the leader of the bad people, and she wants to go to Earth to get a picture of herself.  I have no idea why she wants this picture, but she does.  While she is on her way, she is told that a bomb is about to be dropped on her and her mother.  Fortunately, the bomb never goes off and she gets back to her home safely.  After that, the movie goes into space and we learn that it is about an alien race called the Tannish.  There is one Tann in particular who is a bit of a jerk.  His name is Lothor, and he is so evil that he wants to destroy everything.  Lothar is in the same class as the kid in the movie, so we are shown a little bit of what it is like to have an evil Tann as your teacher.  All of this is done to make the movie seem fun.  However, the whole thing is just a total joke.  If I am ever in a fight with a Tann, I am sure he would make me regret every decision I ever made.  At the end of the movie we are told a story about a little girl who is given a magic book by her mother that is the key to unlocking all the other books.  Once the girl gets the book, she uses it to go back in time to stop Lotharl from destroying all of history.  But I guess we will never know how this movie
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say this movie is really bad. It has a very cheesy feel to it and a lot of "twist" endings that are just too cheap. It doesn't help that the lead actors are really bad and the film is just so bad it is funny.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a "bad movie" from a very bad director. There is no humor to be found in this movie. I didn't like it at all, it's just boring. I could have been watching the latest of the Saw movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the most pointless movies ever made.   I could have given it a higher rating, but I am not the biggest fan of the 'Wizard of Oz' movies and they are all garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this movie last year. I loved the first one. The last one was awful. I was hoping for something different. I got the feeling it would be another mindless action flick. What a waste of time. I would recommend this to any idiot who thinks it's a good idea to waste time on a movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would never buy a book of poetry by Edgar Allan Poe.  This one is bad.    It's a really fun movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I've had enough of this show." I was going to be surprised to find out that it was a movie about a dead guy with a dead wife and the story is just an excuse to have a lot of sex.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason why I give this film a negative score is because the movie could have been a whole lot better.  There is a lot of very good action scenes that could have made this a great movie, but the director decided to make this movie about a bunch of teenagers who go to a party, get a bunch shots at it, then come back to the house and then it's just some more shots of the party.  I found that it was just a little too much for this film to handle.   I'm really sorry I can't give this movie a higher score, but at least it's not another film about some teens at a party who get a lot more shots at the party than they should. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was a big fan of the original film.   This one was even worse.  I have seen other reviews that say it was better than the first.  This is not true.  The story is horrible.  There is no plot.  Everyone has to die by one person.  It is also filled with stupid and annoying characters.  If this movie was made for a college class, the teacher would be the professor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad horror film, and not in the good way.  I didn't like it at all.    It's just horrible.  It starts out with a really good, suspenseful opening scene.  The film is told through a series of photographs taken from a camera.  Some of the pictures show scenes that are just plain disgusting.  In the first scene, a young girl is getting raped by a group of men.  This scene is shown in a dark room, which is the most disturbing part of the film.  There are other disturbing images in the film as well, such as a scene where a man is hung by his feet and a woman is tied up to a tree by her feet.  This scene was not a good start to the film!   This is probably the only time I have ever seen this film. I will not be seeing this film again.  I do not recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film itself is not bad. It's a fairly entertaining movie, with plenty of jokes and jokesters. It was shot in a low budget, but it does a good job at it.   But I just couldn't get into it. It just didn't have enough going for it. I mean, what's the big deal about getting the girl? It's just another low budget movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A couple of years ago, I saw this movie with my girlfriend at the time, who was a bit of a "girlie" girl herself. She loved it and I did too. It's not exactly a "girls'" movie (at least not for the first half), but that's not a bad thing.   I found the plot to be a bit predictable, but I loved it.  The characters are great, especially the female characters.  If you like girls' movies, you will probably like this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   "The world is an amazing place, full of wonder and amazement, it is also full of things that just do not make any sense, like the film, that shows how this world works is just a complete and utter failure in every aspect. "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing that I don't like about this movie is that there is a great deal of blood and violence, but the story is a dud. It is supposed to be about a group of people who are forced to kill one another and then have their souls sent to a heaven or hell. This is a bad idea, and a bad director. The characters are so dull that the plot is really just about how they all get killed. They go to hell or heaven, and then get killed again. It all seems to be a big waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie ever made!  There is no plot, and no story line.  You just see a bunch of people getting drunk, shooting guns, and having a good time.    The actors are the worst!   1:12 PM I don't want to be rude, but it was pretty funny.  I just wish I could watch it more than once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was so sick of this movie that I watched it with my husband last night. I know that the last scene of the movie was very cool and a lot of fun but the movie itself was not.   There were a few moments when I was confused and didn't know what was happening. The film itself was very poor in my opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those bad movies that are so bad it's funny. This movie is based on a book called "The Secret" written by Charles Portis, about a man who has the power to travel back in time. This guy has been able to travel backwards and forwards in time so that he could see the future and then he has to try to stop a madman who has gone back in the time to kill a girl. The plot is a mess. It's so bad I can't even talk about it without breaking it up in bits. The guy's daughter has the same problem with the time traveling, so she's in love with the guy who's back in her time, so when she's about to go back to him, she's unable to move forward and instead gets killed by her own dad. But this isn't the worst part of the movie. This is the worst thing that happens: A woman has the ability to travel through time and stop the guy in the future. So she goes back in this future and tries to stop the madman, and he gets her to kill herself. She does it and then the guy gets the girl he wants, and that's how she gets to live out the rest of her life. This isn't even the worst of it. It is like a bad horror movie. You know the kind. It has a creepy soundtrack that sounds like a creepy horror movie, and the bad guy is always getting killed and getting the girl. It just has a bad vibe. It wasn't all bad though. It was kind of funny. It had that sort of thing going for it, and I was sort of enjoying it. I liked the movie more than I liked a lot of other bad movies. It made me laugh a lot. It also got a lot more ratings than I had expected. This was a movie I had been looking forward to, but I was going to wait to see if it got good ratings. But that didn't happen. It got bad ratings and no one really seemed to like it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a bad idea.  The premise is very simple.    The character is a very rich and powerful man who has a small town and his family.  He has a secret.  It is a secret that he is dying.  His wife and daughters are all married off.  This will cause the family to be wiped out and he will be the only survivor.  What I like about this movie is the voice acting.  I like the actors.  But it is a terrible movie.  The movie takes place in a town in the woods.  They all know the secret and are trying to figure out who is who.  At one point they are all killed off.   I thought it was going to be a funny movie.  The plot is a total waste.  None of the characters are likable.  Every one of them is stupid and annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is a horrible waste of time. The writing is atrocious, the acting is horrible, and the acting makes up for the writing.   I give this a D-  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the first time I watched this movie. I think this movie was written for the school play and it was a bad idea.   I like the plot.  I'm not a big fan of the old horror movies, but this movie is a lot of fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this because I have a really low tolerance for bad movies and I don't watch a lot of movies.  But it is so bad I can't take my eyes off it.    I don�t know if they were trying to make a point or if they are stupid, but it is hard to watch.  I hope this movie doesn't make the cut on a DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a very good American. But it took me over an hour to get to the part where the hero is being dragged off to jail. That was the only time I was annoyed with this film. The dialogue and acting is a bit stiff, but that is typical of bad films. And the ending is a little contrived. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is all in the name: It's a sequel to the original "Babylon 5: The 4th Season" but it is not the same.   You get a bit more action and less sex and violence and a bit less story.  In this series the humans have had a war with the Asari, so it is all a bit different. The new characters don't seem to be as interesting as the old ones, and they are only given a brief time in the spotlight. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not a good movie at all.  It doesn't even feel like a horror movie at times, and that is a shame because this is not one of those low budget movies where a bunch of actors are doing nothing but looking cool and acting like idiots.    There are some good moments in this movie, but they are overshadowed by the rest of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wanted to like this movie but unfortunately the writing was very bad and the acting was bad, it was really bad.  The whole movie felt like they were doing the film for a TV special and they couldn't think of a single good way to tell a story so they just kept writing in circles.   They even went so far as to show a car accident scene in the middle of the movie but it was all just too much, there was just so much happening and I was bored of it, the writing in the movie was just plain awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only good thing about this movie is the ending, where the good guys beat the bad guys and get their stuff back.    This is the first in a trilogy, so it doesn't matter how bad this movie really is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a bad film.   It's just bad.  This film is a complete mess.  It seems like this production company had no idea what it was doing when it started.  The actors, who I assume were actors, were poorly directed and acted.  There were many times when I thought I was watching a bad documentary.  For example, one of the movie's scenes has a "cameo" by one of my favorite actors, Bruce Willis.  When the camera zooms in on the actor, his face is almost in profile.  I have seen this actor in many movies.  And I'm surprised he didn't appear as a cameo character.  As for the actors, the best I can say is that they were all very young.  But I don't blame them.  Most of them looked like they were about to have a heart attack at any second.  In fact, I thought the director's wife was the one that was having the heart attack.  She kept repeating the same lines over and over again.  Also, the film was terrible.  They didn't have the balls to include the original "Manchurian Candidate" theme.  Apparently they felt that it was too "weird" and that it would confuse people.  To be honest, the director, who was obviously a hack, was really bad. His dialog was so bad it was laughable.  He would repeat the same thing over and again. It would get even worse.  Overall, the acting in this film was pretty bad. They just looked like little kids playing the part.  Why was the script so bad?  I guess they didn't think of any way to make the characters interesting.  So why not use a good movie to make a bad one?   The only thing I found to be good about this movie was the sound track.  At least they tried to use it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have always wanted to watch a movie with the voice of a kid. And this is a good movie, but you have to watch it again and again to enjoy it. The acting is very good and they don't over do the silly stuff like kids.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a very bad movie.   This movie is all about a man who is obsessed with his own penis.  The man (I forget his name) is a surgeon and his penis has been in a wooden box for some time.  He has a fetish for it and can't get enough of it.  When he is not at work, he will go to the local mall and go down to the dressing rooms and look at women's chests.  I think it is a horrible movie that is nothing more than a man with a penis obsessed with it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a horrible movie. It was very bad, but at least it wasn't as bad as it could have been.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I liked this movie! It was not so bad!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I would rather not see this movie at all, but it's okay.   If you're going to get off with this movie, it would be nice to hear a good rendition of "I Wanna Be Loved" at the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason I even bothered to watch this is because of its rating.   I can't give it less than a 3-2/3 stars, the only thing I can say for it is that it is not as bad as it could have been. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a good movie with bad acting and horrible music, a terrible movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "fascination" of this film is the fact that it's a good movie. It's a movie about a bunch of people in a small town who are all just trying to survive. It has a good story that doesn't drag, and it's not that bad either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the first film of a new series that I'm starting called The Black List:  A "black list" is a list of films that, despite being in the public domain, no one wants to watch. This is not an exhaustive list, but a collection of films I've seen at least ten times, that I would not be ashamed to show off to my grandkids (or to anyone else I might know, for that matter).   The list begins with "The Thing from Another World," which is a remake of the 1953 film by Vincent Price of the same name.   A little kid in a white coat (the "little kid" has been replaced by a "little girl") comes upon a woman who is being attacked by a giant robot. The kid uses his white coat to protect the woman and he is the only one who is able to get the robot's attention and kill it.  This is a wonderful film, which is the type of movie I always love to watch, especially as a kid.  A young boy, playing with a white hat (actually the hat of a giant machine)  The Thing From Another World  The movie begins with a man named Mister Gaff (Burt Reynolds), a man who is "living in the past" as he thinks of how wonderful it would be to live in the 1930s and play with his "little friends." He has an obsession with flying, he loves to read about airplane technology, and he thinks the "little people" will be able to fly someday.  This man is a jerk, but I like the film a lot.  The first thing that I notice about the movie is that the costumes and props are pretty good. The robots in the movie look very good, and they are made out of cardboard, which I found quite nice.  And the action scenes are good, the flying scenes are great, and the action is realistic.  It is a film that I think I would like to see over and over.  After "The Guy from Another Planet," comes "The Invisible Man" and then the "Man From the Future."  The "Invisible Man" is one of the most interesting films ever made, and it is one I'd watch again and again.  A man named "Roland the Headless Thompson Gun" (I guess he is a robot, although he doesn't appear to be a human) and his girlfriend, who
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a movie about the life of a rich girl who has a baby on her lap and gets dumped by her rich boyfriend. The movie does not take long before it is clear what happened. There are no bad guys, no interesting characters. I am not sure if this is a documentary, but the main character's father does not seem to be interested in talking to the reporter. This is not a bad documentary, it just isn't very interesting. It is a great way to end a movie, but it is not very memorable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie.  It is not a good movie. It is an ugly movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was very excited to see this movie when I saw it on a DVD a while back, and was excited enough to try and watch it on VHS.   As soon as I heard the trailer, I thought "Man, I sure am excited to get into this one."   It's a very good story about a man who goes to work in a coal mine, and has the misfortune of having to help a little girl, a little boy, and a cat (with a very large head) escape from an evil, demonic being.  A lot of the scenes are set in a mine, but there's also some cool looking shots of the desert and a lot of stuff that makes me want to watch it again and again.  The special effects are a little dated now, but the story is still very interesting and I think it's pretty much up there with the best horror movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Dirty Grandpa" is one of those movies that is so bad that it is hard to believe that it was ever made. This movie is so unoriginal that I can't even begin to guess how it got made. If the script was written by some hack who doesn't know how to write a plot or story, then that would be the worst possible movie I could imagine. This is a remake of a French film that was made in the 1930s called "Bare Knuckle" and it is a direct rip-off of the "Dirty Dozen" movie. That is to say, if the "dirty dozen" movie had an action scene that was more entertaining than the one in "Dirt Grandpa," then this movie would be an actual chore to watch. The story revolves around a pair of brothers who are in search of a "mother" for their dead mother's husband and a "grandfather" for the father of their deceased father. The first half of the film is pretty much a family movie with a father trying to find a way to get back to his wife and son after a short stay in a mental institution, a brother who tries to reconnect with his deceased mother, a sister who gets lost in the woods and a nephew who has a big accident in a river. It is a pretty straightforward story but it is not that well written. The script, which is a poor imitation of the original, has some pretty lame dialogue and even more lame acting. The acting is a bit better in the second half of this movie when the characters have more to do, but it still isn't good. The directing is very bad. One scene is so horrible that it will make you want to vomit and then another scene is just as bad. The soundtrack is lame and the actors, most of them are very bad at acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The best thing about this film is the actors who play the bad guys.  They are the very best in the business.  "I am a villain! I am a criminal!" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is terrible. This movie will give you nightmares. I was very disappointed in this movie.   The story is that the police come to a house with the word 'beware'. They are there to find the house full of blood.  They find a dead body and find a girl's head in the bed.  What the hell is going on?   Why do the cops find a blood covered body in a bed?  What is this film? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What is a good movie without a great soundtrack?   It would have been great if they would have done it on the old school movie style of silent films.   The plot is weak, the actors are so bad, the plot is bad and the music is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a good movie. It's an entertaining movie with a little twist at the end. I found the twist to be a little unnecessary, and the ending a little odd, but the movie is still good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't want to give it a rating below 3 stars because it's not a bad film. It's just that there is nothing to it. It doesn't have a plot. It has no characters. It isn't original. It hasn't anything to do with anything. It is a boring, bland, dull movie.   A few years ago, a man named Ray Bradbury died. It was a sad occasion, but he didn't leave behind a lot of legacy to be admired. His short stories were the most popular in America for many years. There were many of them and most of them were good. But the short stories of Ray Bradenbury were not short. They were long. And some of them contained the sort of dialogue that you might hear in a bad bad movie made by the people who have made the bad bad movies. This movie has a lot to do about nothing.   a few years after Ray Bradnebury's death, a woman named Mary Bradbury and her family moved to San Francisco. She loved it and it changed her life forever. She married a man who had just graduated from college and they had a son named Ray. But Mary was not the kind of woman who lived by her own rules. She was a woman who was not just interested in making money. She lived for the people she met. So she had a friend, a doctor named John Bradbury. She and John were always together. But John was having trouble getting a good job. One day, Mary called him in the hospital. She told him she had something for him to do. He had a bad knee and he needed surgery. Mary suggested that they come up to San Fran. They could work at a hospital and see if he could get the job. And that was the beginning of a friendship between John and Ray Bradnbury.     John worked as a janitor at the hospital, but the work wasn't much to write home about. He hated it and so did his wife. They both wanted to leave, but John couldn't leave her. She wasn't happy with him and so was his wife and they couldn't get a divorce. So John was stuck in a job he hated. It wasn't a good one. And he never felt that he was going to get a good career in medicine. He felt his career was in writing and he would have to get it there. But that wasn't going to happen.  : A
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really do not want to be reviewing this movie. It is bad.   This movie is the kind of movie that you should never go to if you're a horror movie fan. It's like someone threw a bunch of bad movies into a blender and then poured the drink over the top.  The story is bad, the acting is bad and the writing is just plain bad. I cannot recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this once. The film opens with a young man walking through the woods.   The woods are in a bad state of preservation.  It is not a good time to be walking through them.  I think that this film is a combination of both horror and melodrama.  The film starts off with a nice introduction and then a little bit of story follows.  In a nutshell, we have the story of a young boy (William L. Harris) who is out to do something very, very bad.  He is a child murderer and he has killed a few children before.  Unfortunately, it is a matter of time before he kills a lot more.  This is a very short film with a very little story.  There is a lot of jump scares and it makes a lot for it.  If you don't like horror and you like melodramas then this is a good film to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this in the theaters and, I mean, who the hell could have seen this movie? I was hoping it was going to be a movie that would be funny, funny, and laugh out loud funny. It's just that no one was ever laughing. The acting was awful, the acting was atrocious, the special effects were bad. The story line was terrible, the story line is terrible, and, as an aside, the best thing about this movie was the voice of Paul Sorvino.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film several times over the years, so I have a pretty good idea of how it ends. And it is pretty lame, but then, so is almost everything. I can't imagine how they could possibly have been expecting it to end this way.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The main plot device is a girl, and this is a good thing, but I'm not sure why they went through the trouble of making a girl into a boy. This is like the boy version of the girl version of The Girl Who Leapt Through Time (though I don't see the point of that movie).   I don' t understand the movie.   It starts off with a girl who is in love with a boy, and then the boy turns into a girl and they live happily ever after (as we see in the trailer). I don't understand why this movie has been given an R rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The most ridiculous, out of place, ridiculous, and most ridiculous movie in the history of the film industry, The Black Stallion is a movie so bad, that it is almost funny.  It is just so bad.   I mean it has everything:    -A horse that gets his hooves stuck in a wall and has to be cut out.  -An actor who is unable to find the right words to say. -A scene in which the lead actor tries to seduce the star of the movie to have sex with him. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What's this?   A remake of the film I can't get enough of, "Ilsa, elle s'est très vite"?   And yes, it's the same old, same old.   It's a horror movie with a bit of a sci-fi twist, and it is just that, but it's not very scary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate this movie.  It is just an excuse for the filmmakers to use the actor who plays the hero as the only actor in the movie who can actually play a character and do anything.    I mean it is bad enough that you should just watch the movie because you can see how bad the acting is.  So, let's just say that when the hero of this movie, the only guy who can play a good role in a bad film, tries to do something to save a girl and the girl ends up getting killed, the hero has a breakdown.  Then, the other guy who plays a bad guy in the film shows up, does some bad things, gets killed, and then, the good guy is shown to be the hero because he is the only one who can do anything and he tries to save the girl, but it turns out that he is in love with the girl.  What a waste of time, it is just a waste.  If this movie was about anything, it would be about how much of a disappointment it is that Hollywood cannot learn to make good movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie "Ghost" was directed by Peter Jackson, the director of the Lord of the Rings trilogy. I was very happy to see that Jackson's "Mortal" trilogy was about to be continued with "Ghost". This movie does not disappoint at all. It is a great movie and I was really impressed with the special effects. There is not one moment that I did not enjoy. The only thing that is missing is the "Ghost in the Shell" series. This movie is really good and I would recommend this to any fan of horror films.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I just can't stand this movie. I don't mean that it's bad - it's just not that good. The actors are really good and they do a good job. But I think the story is just not very good. They really try to do something but it just doesn't work.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       It was an unfortunate film, full of bad acting and bad dialog, but at least it was funny as hell.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie opens with a scene of a group of women taking a shower together, and a man getting in the shower too. He comes back to find the women standing in the bathroom with their backs to the door. The camera cuts to a close-up of a woman's chest, and the camera pans across her breasts and stomach.   "She is a little bit short for a big girl," says a voice over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's all in the ending: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a pretty bad movie.   The acting is horrible.  They have no chemistry.  This movie is a total waste of time.  The director should get fired. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was really looking forward to this movie. The script was excellent, the acting was great, and the special effects were top notch.   Unfortunately, it was all just a mirage.  The story is interesting, but it is not well written. The main character (Mr. G.P. Jones) does not have any real motivation for his actions.  It is easy to write a story about a man with a terrible heart, but if you are trying to make the reader sympathize with him, then it is a complete failure.  His love interest (Natalie) is also underdeveloped.  I am also disappointed that the plot was never really developed beyond a "the story is over, now let's go to the next one."  The last act is just silly.  For a movie with a title like "Mr. Jones' Holiday", it should have had a more interesting plot.  If you are looking for an action-packed movie, this is the one to get. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are a few good things to say about this movie: it's not too long, it has a good sense of humor, the characters are a bit likeable, it's a little bit scary, and it's an interesting story. However, the whole movie is a bad dream. It's not that the characters' motivations are bad, and certainly there are some good parts to them, but all of it is so predictable. We get the main character waking up one morning, and his wife has just left the bedroom, which he had not expected. Then, he wakes up to find his wife in the bathtub with a dead rat in her lap. We also get a couple of others that are just as predictable: his neighbor, who tells him that he should go out and play, and that she is expecting their baby in the coming weeks. Then we get another neighbor, and another. He also tells him about a dead mouse in his pants.   The film goes on and on and we get these characters running around for some reason. The one thing I was glad about was the ending: it was just a little twist that ended the movie on a good note.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is about a guy named Bill who has an obsession with a woman named Molly. When Bill and Molly get involved in a car accident, Bill gets his arm ripped off and gets arrested for it. He then goes to jail and gets a new arm. Bill has to go through a lot of trouble and suffering in order to get Molly back.   This movie is horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film with a few good moments, some great one and a couple of really bad ones.  There is nothing new to say about this movie, other than "go check out the music video!"   I'm glad that someone took a chance and did something with this character. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think this is the first bad movie I've seen, but this one is one of the worst.  The story is based on a true story that took place at a hospital.    The story starts out with a young boy who's in a car accident.  He's unconscious and has a fractured spine and a broken neck.  There is a nurse in the car who gets the boy to a hospital and she makes him sit up and he is brought in.  Once in the hospital he's told to lie still.  The nurses ask if he's been talking.  When he does it sounds like he's saying things to the nurses.  They decide to listen and they find a bunch of different words being said to them.  It seems to be a case of a young man talking to himself.  Apparently the story goes on and the nurse tries to take off his head bandages and the story changes again.  I'm not sure why they did that, they didn't make it sound like he was talking to them or to the nurse.  So there is some more talking and then the nurse comes in and tells the boy he can go home.  As he's leaving he looks up and sees that the woman who was supposed to be his nurse is now dead.  Then we see the woman's body laying in a pool of blood.  Now that's not all, the nurse who got the boy in the accident gets into the hospital and is looking for the woman.  She looks in the patient's room and there is the boy sitting in a chair and she tells him what happened to the woman and the boy says he doesn't remember.  In the middle of all this is a funeral service for the two women and then they are buried.  We're told the woman was a "lady's maid" and the other woman was the owner's daughter.  Why would she be buried in a hospital?  It's a hospital where women are treated like animals?   I don't understand how anyone can look at this movie and think it's a good one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is about a group of people (all female) who have lost their memories of who they were. A guy who has a brain tumor and has trouble recalling his own name comes up with a new way to forget everything about the past. The memory loss has affected all the group, but in a positive way.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful. Not only that, but the plotline is awful too. It's a straight forward revenge story, but unfortunately the plot doesn't make sense and makes no sense at all. I was expecting to see a guy who has a wife and kids in prison. This movie makes no difference at all to the story or plot. This is just a bad story and poorly made. I found this to be so bad it is painful to watch. This really is a waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe I just finished this movie.  The acting was atrocious.  This movie could have been a great, great movie if it had a little bit of direction.  But it didn't.  So I can say this movie is one of the worst movies ever made.  It was so bad I didn't want to look at it again, and it left me with an angry feeling about how the movie got made.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a total waste of time.  The story is completely predictable.    If you want a fun, exciting and unique movie, this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't see this movie at all. I saw it in a movie theater and then I read a review by someone who claims to be a fan.  It's just a terrible movie that I'm not sure why anyone would want to see.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is like a bad science fiction movie.   There is a little girl who is in a room with a robot and she is having an accident.  It is not really a bad film, but it is bad in every way possible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I didn't like this movie.    It is a cheap knockoff of the old Twilight Zone episode: "The Man in the Iron Mask."   This movie tries to do the same thing.  The movie starts off pretty good.  There are some good scenes and the music is pretty good as well.  A few times I found myself just thinking "I wonder if this movie will be like "Nightmare on Elm Street"?   However, after a few minutes I was thinking "Is this a bad joke?"   When I thought that, I was laughing.  This is a bad imitation of a good episode of Twilight Zone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was one of those "oh, I guess they're not gonna go for a full blown sequel" films.  If this were a real movie, they would've done a sequel to it after the first one was a total bust. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A story of a young woman who wants to learn more about her ancestors and finds a book written by her grandmother that she believes is a true history book.   It's a well-done film with a couple of interesting characters and a good story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad, bad movie, I was in it, I don't care what anyone says about it, the movie is terrible.  The actors all suck and the writing is horrible, you can see from the trailers that it is a comedy, but it is not a funny one.    This is a movie about a guy who gets into trouble with his friends and gets into a fight with the police. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was at the first screening in a theater in downtown Los Angeles.  It was an excellent film but I would like to see a good film about a good man.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a terrible movie. A very bad movie. The film is overrated, and so are the actors. The movie's main theme is that we are supposed to be happy about bad things happening to good people. The main character (Bobby) is a man who loves his daughter very much and is in love with her, and when she dies, he becomes an emotional wreck. He is also depressed and bitter, and seems to be having a lot of problems. He doesn't like his job as a construction worker. There is a woman (Mary) who lives next door to him. She has a very interesting life and is very good-hearted. She helps Bobby in his work and tries to cheer him up. But she is also sad. She lives alone and doesn't really enjoy it. She tries to help Bobby a little by playing the piano, but it's not enough. It's just not enough to cheer Bobby up, and I can't think of a single good thing about this movie. I hate to say this, but I think this is the worst movie I have ever seen. It was a complete waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a film about a couple of drunks who decide to play a drinking game to pay for the cost of the motel room where they are staying. They drink a bottle of vodka a day for a month, so they have a couple months to drink and think about life. They talk about the bad things in their lives. One of them has a wife and kid, the other has a drunk driver. Then they get a ride to a bar where they decide to have a drink. The bartender tells them about a girl that likes to get drunk. It is at this point that the film gets ridiculous. One guy drinks a bottle, the second drinks the bottle, and then the third drinks the last bottle. The second guy falls asleep and the third guy doesn't realize that he has been drinking. He keeps talking about how much he loves the girl and how she is "the one" that makes him feel like a "real man." This movie is a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you are an American or have a deep sense of justice, then the movie is a masterpiece. It is about the plight of two poor, hopeless, homeless people, who are taken in by a corrupt, white supremacist government. It has the usual good writing, which is what makes this movie so good.   I have no complaints about the movie at all. It was entertaining and well acted. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, you've got to be kidding me.   This movie is nothing but a stupid comedy that makes you laugh and cry at the same time.  The entire cast of characters are completely obnoxious and I can't believe it was made in the 80s.  I could never get into this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a low budget disaster. The actors are all terrible. And the worst part is the story. I don't care who you are, or where you come from. If you're looking for a good time, get the hell out of this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't want to give this movie a rating. I think this is a bad film. I didn't enjoy it. I don't understand how a director can make a movie like this. It's very poor acting. The acting is awful. The writing is terrible. The movie looks like a bad joke. I'm sure that the audience is laughing at this film because they're not laughing at anything else in the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with a young boy running in the streets of Paris, with the camera following him. The boy then notices a policeman who is talking to an old lady, and the boy begins to run after the policeman. Suddenly, the policeman is knocked down by a car and is knocked unconscious. The young boy then goes to get the policeman back to the old lady's home. At the old woman's home, the young boy meets a woman who calls herself Madame. Madame tells the boy that the policeman's family is being held captive by some soldiers. She tells the young man that the boy has been to see Madame in the hope that the soldiers will free them. The soldiers refuse to free the policemen and the old man tells the little boy that he has a message for the little girl, and tells him to go away. The little boy then runs away and runs into a building. He is then kidnapped by a group of young girls, who force him to watch a play. At this point, the film begins to get a little slow, as the young girl who has kidnapped the boy continues to play. However, the play is about a boy who is kidnapped by the Nazis and has to fight against them. It ends with the boy's death, and we are left with a pretty creepy feeling. The film then begins to speed up and it ends with a car chase. The boys' parents are then killed and then they have to flee from the Nazis who chase them across Paris. The movie then ends with an alien landing in a small French village and they try to get out of there. It is pretty creepy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was not impressed. I had heard good things about it and was very excited to see it. When I got there I realized that the place is not a theater. It is a bar. It was too crowded for a movie and the people were not very friendly. I do not understand how they think they are the greatest movie stars on the planet.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not a big fan of the Marvel Cinematic Universe so I had been excited to see what the future held for them.   Unfortunately I have to say that I'm disappointed as I was expecting a much better movie than this.  The movie is basically a rehash of the first film.  That's all there is to it.  With a plot that seems to be an amalgamation of a dozen other movies I can't imagine anyone watching this movie thinking it's a good one.  As for the cast... I'm sorry but they're not very good.  They're all over the place and not really believable.  Even when the bad guy does something stupid they usually get away with it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so bad I can't even call it a movie.  This movie is about a little boy who has a little sister who is in love with a boy named Max who has no idea of his sister's feelings. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In a time of declining world powers and the need to preserve the global order, a former American general is hired to help the world's last dictator restore his empire. He must first convince the dictator that he is not evil, then convince him that he really is the great savior of the planet. As with any bad movie, you can't help but be reminded of some of the more famous Hollywood movies. There is plenty of bad acting, and one bad joke too many, but it's an enjoyable movie that at least has a good ending.   By Brian MacNamara: You don't need to be an expert on movie history to know that John Wayne's The Green Berets were not exactly the greatest American soldiers in World War II. It's hard to imagine a film about a group of American soldiers that was more out of touch with reality. Still, the story is still fun, and the film was directed by John Ford, a legendary Hollywood director who made the best of old war stories. It also has the added bonus of starring one of the greatest war heroes of all time, the former US Army general John Wayne.     Wayne is playing a fictional version of himself, which is a good thing because Wayne has a terrible accent. It doesn't really help that he looks like he's about to fall down a flight of stairs. He plays a former general named "General" John Wayne, who was once a real general, who is now the dictator of the country where he was born. He was also once the commander of the legendary Green Bereys. Unfortunately, he can't seem to understand that there's a dictator of another country, and he can only imagine that he's helping to save the world from an evil empire. His army is the only thing standing between the two countries, but his men can't stop the evil dictator from unleashing his army upon the world. Wayne plays a guy who is totally out of his depth, but he has a certain kind of charisma. There's an old war story to be told here, but the film's problems begin when Wayne's character goes out and does some shooting. He then tries to convince the president of the United States that the general isn't an evil tyrant. In the end, Wayne loses the support of the president, but not before he convinces the general that he himself is the savior of earth.   the Green Bereets were the first elite American troops who fought in World Wars I and II
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie that will leave you with nothing to talk about, just a bunch of actors with no chemistry or chemistry in their roles. I can't even imagine how a movie like this was supposed to get made.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The best thing about this movie is that there is no plot and no character development, but that does not matter to the people who like this movie, since the acting is great and the sex scenes are very hot and the gore is just enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was an abysmal movie that could have been good but was not.   The script by Michael Mann and Peter Fonda had no idea what it was doing and even the cast did not get it.  It was a pretty good movie until the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie. A bad movie with no redeeming features. I have never seen a movie that is so horrible and so utterly awful. The plot is laughable and the acting is awful.   The movie opens with a scene that is straight out of a bad 80's movie. An older woman is sitting in a hospital bed in the hospital waiting room. Her family is there, all very excited about her coming home. She comes in and says that she has been sick for the past week. This is followed by her telling them that she can't stand this pain any more and needs to get out. She does get out and she does get sick. It starts out as her going to the bathroom in her hospital gown and having to run to the shower because she can no longer stand it. It all starts to get really bad and the movie goes downhill from there.  's. I never want to see another bad movie again.  :)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     The plot is very simplistic: a bunch of kids are forced to stay behind after school to babysit for a family that is visiting. The kids are pretty average. The dad is a total jackass and the mom is a complete doofus. I can see why they wanted the kids to babysitter. They were just awful to them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge fan of the first movie, and a huge critic of the second movie.  If it wasn't for the fact that it was such a terrible movie, I would have loved it.   In the end, it's all downhill from here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, the movie was horrible. The movie has nothing to do with the comic books and the director clearly took the comic book characters and threw them into the film. I thought it was kind of funny at the beginning and then it went downhill. The worst part is the music. It is awful. The comic book songs are much better and they fit the film more than the song. The lyrics are not even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film has all the elements that make for a good movie. It has great characters, great acting, great directing and a good plot.   Unfortunately, the story doesn't work.  The story is a fairly simple one. A group of people (an old lady and a young man) decide to take a vacation and do something like a hike.  A few hours into the hike they run out of water and have to stop and ration.  They decide to stop at a local place for a rest.  Then the young man decides to ask his old lady if she knows where he can get some more water.  She doesn't know and so they decide to look for a place that has water. A few miles away, there is a well.  So the young guy gets down on his knees and starts to pray to it.  He then gets up and goes into the water and he says, "I am God and I'm going to get you water!"  When the water is low, he goes back to the well and he is shocked when he comes back up and finds that it is dry.  And then the film goes into an awful scene.  Apparently, the old lady has gone crazy and is walking around with a gun.  We don't get to see who has the gun but we do see that the old woman does not like the old man and she threatens to shoot him.  It is a very odd scene and it is not really clear what is going on.  After all, the main character is just a kid.  That being said, this is a good film.  I would recommend it to anyone who is a fan of adventure films.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was excited for this movie but sadly it didn't live up to its hype. The acting was really bad and there was a lot of "plot holes" in this movie, most of which didn't have any effect on the movie at all. The worst part of the movie was that there was very little action and it was boring and dull.  The story is really just a plot to give people a reason to hate the character and hate the film. The movie was pretty much just a glorified advertisement for the movie's trailer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had to take my kids out of this awful movie. The actors are horrible and their voices are terrible. I would rather not have my kids go to a movie that is so bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie of the year.   "What are you thinking? A few days off? That's not enough for a man like me. I'm not just thinking about a few days, though. I've been thinking about the rest of my life. I don't know if I can live through the rest."   (The only "hero" of the movie is the narrator.)   It's as if they wanted to make a parody of "All the President's Men." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have to say that I found this movie to be the most boring I have ever seen.   From the opening credits to the ending credits, you will see one generic villain with an over the top evil laugh that will get you to laugh hysterically.  I don't know what kind of evil laugh they are trying to make me feel but this is a joke movie.  What makes this worse is the fact that there is no real motivation.  The only reason why you watch this movie is because you can laugh at it.  If you really enjoyed this movie, then don't waste your time watching the rest of it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is one of the most absurd things I've ever seen.   This movie is full of "magic".   And it just keeps on going, even after the film is over.  If you are going to be a magician in this movie, at least don't tell a good lie.   So the magic is a giant ball of "sparkles" that rolls down a hill in a big balloon and bounces off of the heads of the people on the ground.  So there are the people from the beginning and then there are a bunch of extras, some of which are extras from "The Three Musketeers", which I watched at the same time I saw this movie.  I'm pretty sure I didn't see a single reference to it on the movie poster.  Now, I think the most bizarre part of this movie is the way the "magicians" perform their tricks.  There are so many tricks in this film.  One of them is to use a bunch of people as a shield, so that when the ball of sparkles hits them, they're hit, and they bounce, but they can't see anything because their eyes are closed.  The magician then rolls the ball through a crowd of people, who are then shot at with a bullet, with the aim of knocking them out.  That's right.  Then they get back up and start running through the crowd of victims, but this time, they run into the bullet and bounce back to the magician, who then puts a bunch more people in the bullet to be hit by the bullet.  At one point, he even pulls out a little boy and puts a bullet in his mouth, but the bullet hits him and bounces right back into the magician's hand.  And there are even people who are actually shot, but then they go to the other side of the crowd, and then the magician pulls a bullet out of his back pocket and puts it into a person's back, and the person gets up and runs around the stage.  It's really, really strange, and it's all completely unnecessary.  Some of the trick's were just bad.  A couple of them involved the magician standing in the middle of the street and pulling a person out of a car and then throwing him out the window.  They had to do this so that the car wouldn't go anywhere.  This was a terrible movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The worst movie I have ever seen, and there are a lot of them on this list.   There's not a lot that can be said about this movie, other than it has a great title, but I don't think that's a very good title for a movie.  It doesn't have any kind of real story going on.  I could only assume that a couple of people (one of whom is a girl, I assume) get into a fight at a party, and end up in the hospital.  It's just a bunch of stupid things going on that the audience isn't supposed to care about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never been so embarrassed to be a man! I have to admit, I had a hard time with this movie. I had to sit through it with my friend. It's so bad. The movie opens with a shot of a giant alien, a huge blue blob, flying over a city. He lands and immediately starts to eat all the food that is in the streets. Then the giant blob begins to eat a giant woman. He then flies off to another city and begins to destroy it. As the giant woman's head is blown off by the giant alien it starts to turn into a gigantic head and eats everyone in the city.  This is the most disgusting movie I've ever seen. It is bad enough to make a grown man vomit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have ever seen.  It's the worst movie i have ever sat through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible film. It has nothing to do with the book at all. The book is fantastic, and there are many amazing parts to it. I'm sure many people will love it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really hoping for a good movie, but unfortunately this is a bad one.  There are so many bad things that happen that make me want to vomit.  I didn't like this movie at all.   I watched it for the music.  What is this?   A bad movie?  A BAD movie? It is an unprofessional film, there are too many mistakes, the actors are not good and the scenes are not interesting.  It was a waste of my time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible movie that was made by the worst of the worst.  If you like the movies of "Screwball", "Blacula", and "Barefoot In The Park" then you will like this film.    This film is about a man who goes to a funeral to look for his long-lost brother.  The film is horrible and un-comedic, but I am a sucker for bad movies so it works for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'd love to hate this movie. I'd love it so much if it was an old-fashioned, un-classy, over-blown, overwrought, self-indulgent, self-"adoring", self"-pitying, self -exalted melodrama that I actually enjoyed, but alas it is nothing like that at all. The plot is ridiculous. It is a comedy. It does have a sense of humor and a sense that it's going to be funny at some point, but that sense of fun and play soon becomes stale.   And then, of course, the acting comes into play. It's so bad that it makes you want to put your head in your hands and cry. There is not one of the "talented" actors that I've seen in a movie in the last 20 years who does not suck at playing characters who suck at being people. It has to be said that this is one of those movies where they actually do seem to like the lead and they even give him an interesting, well-developed supporting cast. But it's all so over the top that it doesn't have the sense of play or humor that it should.  ....
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poor film. I was not impressed at all. The main character is very much like a walking dead zombie who only goes to the bathroom a few times a day. This is really not good writing at all, this character is so unlikable and so stupid. It's really like watching a guy with a gun get drunk. The ending was very cheesy and very stupid. I would rather have seen a good film than this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is very simple, but the story is not really very simple: A man wakes up to find himself inside a giant, ugly monster and has to fight it off by using his "special" power.   The monsters are very different in appearance. The "human" ones are ugly, but also very large. The giant ones are even uglier. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the movie could have been better.  When I saw the film, I thought to myself, "That's pretty much it, folks.    But then I heard the music.  The first time I heard it I was struck by the music's beauty and the emotion it evokes.  I don't think the music is the reason why this film is bad, but it's there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am not sure why people like this movie. The acting is terrible. I don't understand why the director wanted to make this movie, he didn't know anything about the actors. He was supposed to be the director, but he doesn't even know what he is supposed to do. This movie is horrible, you get a little feeling of nostalgia after watching it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know the producers, the director, and the writer for this movie are not exactly known for their talent, but they are good actors who make up for their lack of talent by having a great time on set.  The acting was great, but I could tell they didn't care.    I guess they were all just trying to make the scene as dramatic as possible and get that "I'm a good guy" ending.    I would have liked to see more of the characters, but that would be a minor complaint because I did enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pretty bad movie, I'm not sure why it was made, there are some very cheesy lines and the characters are not good at all. The only good thing about it is the music.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film about two people who fall in love.  No one has ever heard of the love of two women, and no one has even heard of a woman falling in love with a man. It's about two friends who fall into love. It takes place in a small English village where, at the time, the women are still forbidden to speak to men. It also takes place during the time of the Spanish Civil War. The film is so blandly acted that you could be forgiven for thinking it was filmed in a pub. I found the movie to be too boring and predictable to enjoy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a very unoriginal and unoriginal movie. It's a rehash of a similar story (that I have seen before) that I saw about a year ago.   I'm not sure if it was done by someone who was bored and needed a quick fix (which I understand), or if it's someone who is trying to cash in on the success of another movie that came out a year before.  This movie is not funny, and the plot is so ridiculous it's hard to take it seriously.  It's not even funny, it's just gross.  I hate seeing this kind of movie on the big screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have never seen this movie, and I don't know if it was made in the late '60s or early '70s, but it has a scene where a man is being tortured by the local Sheriff (Gary Oldman). He's tied to a chair, and a knife is stuck into his back. Then he is forced to watch a "live" execution of a man who's not actually dead. The Sheriff asks the condemned man if he'll answer some questions, but the man is deaf. "Don't look so scared," the Sheriff says. "Look around you, the execution is going to start in a few minutes." The condemned man gets out of his chair and says, "That's all I can do, Sheriff." The Sheriff says, "'Cause I can't hear you." The man says, ""I didn't kill anyone,"' the Sheriff replies, "you did, you killed him!"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a pretty bad movie. I am surprised that they can make this. I'm a fan of this movie and I think it's pretty bad. It's just a poorly done film that has little to do with the original. It feels like they took this book and the original book and did a lot of work. It has a lot to do, as does the movie. The actors do a pretty good job and it is pretty good to see a couple of kids making a movie together. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love the idea of the whole movie, and the premise. I really thought that this movie was going to be a good one.   Unfortunately, the whole thing just gets way too convoluted, and it's not the best idea.  Posted by R.A. at 8:57 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am a huge fan of the late great actor and comedian Bill Cosby, who played a role in my first movie, a film about a man who wants to make a living as a magician. I was so impressed by the way he performed that I decided I wanted to act and make a movie like that.   It is a fairly good film. It has some great acting and is a fun, funny little comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, it's funny!  The first few minutes of this movie are great!    The main character is a little girl and she's a little funny.   But then, it gets bad.  And bad bad bad!  The movie tries to tell you that this is a good movie, but the only good thing about this movie is the bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the third time I have seen this movie. I really want to like it. The story is intriguing. I hope this is not a sign of things to come.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half of the film is really the highlight, the film has a nice feel to it, and it is a really good movie.   It does have a few flaws, such as the main character being a little bit of a weirdo, but it is well-written and it's a good movie, especially if you are looking for a laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I just got off the phone with the guy who runs the theater where this film was shown.   It's a bad film, which is the only way to describe it.  It has no plot, no dialogue, no character development, no laughs.  The only thing it does is keep you wondering what is going to happen next.  A terrible film, and not worth the time of a single viewer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie "The Man Who Fell To Earth" is about a man who is sent to earth in order to retrieve a box that was sent to him. The box was an old picture of an alien, who had died. He was the only one who could get it out of the earth. The aliens wanted to make him live in the forest so he can see what he is about, but he refused. He said that he is not going to go to the forest because he has a wife and child. The aliens have a robot called "Ebenezer" that they send to earth. He goes to the house of a poor widow and they become friends. He shows the poor widow that he can help her get the box out of her house. He is a genius. But he has no money. So the widow goes out and borrows money from people to help get the package out. But the poor lady does not like to get her hands dirty. So she helps Ebenezer and he is all excited. When Ebeneze realizes what is going on, he is very scared. He does not want to go into the forest with the poor woman. He wants to stay at home. So he hides in the attic and goes into the kitchen. He gets out the box and runs off. The poor woman is very upset about it and tells her husband. Ebenez is so scared that he does not go into his house. The man gets angry and tells his son to come home and get Ebenezo out of there. The son finds Ebenezzer and they go into Ebeneez' house and he gets out a big knife. He cuts up Ebenezu and puts him in the oven and goes out. The mother sees Ebenezes body and cries. The husband hears her cry and goes in to find her. The two are in the kitchen and they find Ebenezen and cut him up with the knife. They put him in a freezer and put a picture of the alien in front of it. They say "We will send this picture to the alien when we get the money to send him back." But the wife comes home. Ebenes son is looking for Ebenezing and he sees him. He runs up to Ebenezy and cries for him. Ebenez asks "Where are you going, boy?" The boy answers, "Ebezzer's gone." Ebenezzi says "You don't know who you are
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie so many times, and I have to say, it's always the same. I love this movie.  The ending is horrible, but I can't give it any more than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think the worst thing about the movie is how it tries to make a story about how a guy meets a girl in the mall. This is so obvious, and yet it makes no sense at all. He meets a cute girl at the mall, but he doesn't know her. So he takes her home and then asks her to marry him, because she has a very cute boyfriend (the same guy from the movie) who she's secretly in love with. Of course, the guy is a loser and he doesn,t even know the girl is his sister! The ending is not very good either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a terrible, horrible piece of crap, and the only thing that is funny about it is the fact that they used a couple of "sounds" from The Nightmare Before Christmas. It's a terrible movie, but it's not a terrible musical.  I don't have much to say about this. It is one of those films where you just want to leave. It starts with some "songs" that are like a songbook from the 50's. And then there is a black woman who is the most evil witch ever, and she has a "little" boy who she wants to take to her "magic world". It is a very scary film, but not very good. The director is an ex-navy guy who got fired from a TV station for being too "sensationalistic". I'm sure he was just trying to make a fast buck. This is a pretty bad movie, and I was disappointed. And the music, well, the music was awful. The music is awful and the movie is even worse. There are no songs that you could even listen to for an hour, so I recommend that you get some popcorn and go to bed before you watch this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I know what I'm talking about when I say that the movie is just not good. I've seen it three times now and it still has a way to go. It starts out with an interesting premise: a small boy (John Carroll Lynch) is sent to a foster home for the first time in his life, after his father is killed in a car accident. The other children at the foster home have been abused, and the other kids at the school think that this is a sign of God's favor to the kids. The main character is a young girl, but she's just an abused little girl with no real sense of self-esteem, and no idea of how to handle a situation that could have been handled by a little girl. It is a bit too easy to get the audience to accept the abuse at this point, and I think it's a very obvious way to make the audience accept the lack of self worth of the protagonist. But then the movie goes out of its way to introduce a villain who has the same problem as the protagonist (but, more on that later). Then the movie gets bad. I'll let the other reviews on here describe it: The story is bad. It's a poorly written movie with little to no story. The movie's main theme is just a bunch of little, pointless scenes that don't really contribute to the plot. The villains are a bad bunch of people. They are not even bad because they don't have any good ideas, they are just bad people, who do not do anything that is interesting or funny. I could go on and on about the film's shortcomings, but I think you can probably figure out what I mean. I can't imagine why someone thought this was a good idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie that was shot in Hollywood a few years ago, and I can honestly say that the movie is horrible. It was a remake of a movie that didn't do well when it came out. It's a remake that just adds a little more of a bad taste to it. There was only a couple scenes where the director really put his own twist on it, and they are not good. It is a very cheap movie, with the actors playing their roles very poorly, and the film is filled with scenes that don't even deserve being there. It looks like a poor attempt at a low budget movie, and doesn't really add to the franchise.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a young boy who grew up in the '60's, I remember hearing the music of Elvis Presley and the movie, "Rocky." The movie was great! It is really a great movie. The cast and crew are all excellent, and the film is quite entertaining. The best part of the movie was the ending.  The ending is so bad that it will make you laugh!  I recommend this film to everyone who enjoys a good laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked "The Hunger", you will like this, too.  The cast is very small.    If you are a fan of "The Hun" and "The Wolf"   then this is the film for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie in the theater and I was impressed.  There is something really cool about seeing a young lady doing things that are different than what is expected from a woman in her 60's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am going to say something that is probably a little bit offensive to many people, but I think this movie is a complete disappointment. The film is about a family that owns a small amusement park and it has a very unique theme park that is very much like an old west theme park. It is supposed to be an attraction for kids to ride their bicycles around and it seems to have a great atmosphere for that, but the theme park is a little too realistic. The rides are not fun and it really seems like the ride operator is in charge of the amusement park. There are a couple of rides that are really poorly made, but they do have the kids around them. The music in the movie is pretty bad and is probably one of the worst theme park songs I have ever heard. The acting is okay but there is nothing memorable about any of the characters in this movie. The worst part is the ending, which was a bit too cheesy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a terrible movie! I am not even joking about the awful acting, the story, the writing, the directing. The movie makes you think you are watching a terrible horror movie, and it's really so! I was a fan of the original movie and loved that the cast was amazing. I guess it was a good idea to put the cast in this remake. The acting is all bad. There is no plot or story here. It is just a bunch of actors pretending to be scary.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible movie.  It is a sequel to "The Secret of the Unicorn" which is a terrible movie and this is worse.  I am very disappointed and I will not be watching this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was bad.  I mean it was pretty bad, but I could've done with less blood, more screaming and a little more nudity.  The gore effects were very poor.    The movie was also a bit silly, like a low budget 'Dario Argento' movie.  Overall, I found this movie to be quite the bore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's all over the place in this one, and the ending is a disappointment.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has the right idea but just doesn't go anywhere.  The whole movie is just like an hour of bad TV, and the plot is a train wreck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie does not belong to this century.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're going to make a film about a famous dead person, you might as well have a really good one.   This movie is one of the worst, most embarrassing, and un-funny movies ever.  The only reason this movie exists is so people can get an idea of what kind of people the movie was made by.  If it weren't for the stupid music and the terrible acting (not to mention the fact that it was made in 1973, which is before the internet and video store era) I wouldn't have a problem with this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you want a good movie with a good story then this is a great movie. The main character is a very nice guy who is also very sensitive and a good guy. There are some great scenes in this movie and the music is great too.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was a very disappointing movie.   First of all, this movie is set in the past.  This movie is basically about how the Japanese Empire had a huge advantage over the Koreans and even with all of that they still lost.  I don't know how much of that is true.  It seems like a lot of this movie was filmed in a place called "Tampabay", which is about 3 hours from Tokyo.  And I guess the Korean War didn't happen in this time.  For starters, this is a movie about a soldier (played by the same actor as in The Godfather Part II ) that was stationed at a small place called Tampabai. He was supposed to be in charge of a battalion, but it ended up being the most boring movie I've ever seen.  The movie never shows a real battle. The soldiers fight with swords.  There is a lot more plot to this movie then there is to The GodFather Part II, but I don' t think it's going to make it to the second part.  In addition, there was a lot about the "Godfather" series.  My only complaint is that the main character is too stupid to be able to win in a fight. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I did not like this movie and it is not even bad.   The story is a bit confusing at first, but I think the movie was written by the same person.  It has a bad voice over (like many movie's I have seen).   There are too many bad ideas in this movie, and a bad ending.  I would recommend this movie for kids, who want to see something stupid and bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you are a film buff, this is a terrible movie. A bad movie with a bad ending. If I were in the theater, I would leave, but it was a fun ride.   I would recommend this movie to anyone who is a film nut like me. I can't say much about it, but I will say that I would never go see a movie this bad again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no story to this movie.  It is just some people doing some silly stuff.  There are some really funny people in this movie, like: John Wayne:    I am very sorry that you have to see this movie!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A poor attempt to be a film with a story.  The actors and actresses are not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is bad. It's just not good. The dialogue is terrible, and the movie is all over the place. I was hoping to like it, but I just can't.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There's a lot of film about the Civil War, but this is the most absurd of them all. The two leading men play themselves, one a young Union soldier and the other a young Confederate soldier, both of whom are fighting for the very same side. This film was not made to entertain or educate but to amuse and amuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It seems like the writer of this movie wanted to have an epic story about the Crusades, but it is a boring movie, with an unrealistic storyline, an awful cast, and a bad story. The only saving grace is that it has a strong and engaging plot.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to seeing this movie because it was so good and I'm glad I saw it. The movie has a lot of humor and the actors are great and they are really good at their jobs. The acting is great but the writing is terrible. The characters are not believable, the dialogue is not believable and it's obvious that the writers have no idea what they are doing. It's just bad writing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad, bad movie. I would never watch this movie again. It is very bad, very poorly done, very bad acting, very, very badly written. It's a terrible film.    Rating: D- 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you like the original movie you will probably like this, although the acting is bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't care for the movie at all, the acting was bad, and the script was not good at all. There were too many actors in this movie, which made me laugh a lot. The special effects were not good, and a lot of times the camera would be going by the ceiling, which meant the camera was above the actors!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a disappointment.  This is a comedy that features an overly tall woman, an over-sexed woman, and a woman who is in the midst of a very serious and painful relationship with her brother.  The plot is completely predictable.  They are a group of three very obnoxious characters who get together at a dinner and decide to have a big party.  There are a number of other characters that make the film, but they don't have much of a personality or purpose.  I found it to be very unfunny, and I'm sure a lot of people will find it to also be unfunny.  Even though the movie is unfunny I found myself laughing a number times because of the absurdity of it all.  It's funny that a woman would be able to walk all the way to a big restaurant without the help of a cane, but it's also funny that she's walking all the distance with no legs.  At one point the woman walks all the length of the restaurant and she has no legs left.  After the woman finally gives birth to her child she is walking backwards down the street.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has so much potential, but it never really manages to live up to the potential. I think the movie is mostly a series of flashbacks to the time of the original novel. It's like a film version of a TV show, with only one character that is a stand-in for the author. There is a lot of plot to the story, and the first act is rather weak. There are some pretty good moments though. The film is directed by John Landis, who was the director of the first two Evil Dead movies. I'm not a fan of his movies, but they do at least try to make them better than the originals.   I don't really understand why this is considered a horror film, when it's clearly meant to be a thriller. It really just doesn't work, and there are a lot more interesting films that could have been made instead.  :)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a bad film and a bad comedy, the two elements that are supposed to be good in a bad piece of filmmaking. The movie itself is a story of a guy named Charlie (George Kennedy) who is a self-centered prick who gets into a big fight with his wife, and then a car crash that leaves him in a coma for a couple of days. Charlie is then brought back to the living room and his wife tells him to go back to bed. This is all very typical of Charlie's life, he's the one with the bad ideas, bad temper, bad taste in women, and bad taste of his own. The problem with Charlie is that he has the ability to tell a great story, but all he's really good at is saying the right thing and getting his point across, but when it comes to making any kind of impact on his wife he just says the wrong thing at the wrong time and his point is lost. I also found it interesting that Charlie's mother (Cathy Moriarty) was only 15 years old when she had her first child and when she got married to Charlie, it was her second child. Charlie, who is in his mid-thirties, should have known better. The film doesn't try to be funny, but that's not the point of the film. The point is to tell the story of how a guy like Charlie has a good time at his mother's (Catherine Martin) wedding. The only time the film gets funny is when it tries to be serious. The comedy comes from Charlie's inability to remember anything from the day he got his stroke. The story is very predictable. The whole movie is just a story about Charlie, how he has a stroke and goes back to his old life, the wife (Margaret Rutherford) who loves him, and their daughter (Michelle Macallan). There are a couple more scenes with Charlie and his daughter and they are not funny. The one scene that was funny was when Charlie's wife (Cher) came in to tell her mother (and sister) that Charlie had a stroke. It was funny because it was a real scene with Cher and Catherine. There are other scenes where Catherine and Margarete make out in front of Charlie, but they are mostly just awkward and boring.   The story doesn't really get any better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The only good thing about this movie is that the name of the movie is the name we all know and love: 'Dumb and Dumber To'." I would like to see a new sequel to this movie, maybe the characters can finally get some stuff together and get out of that tiny little town they live in. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really excited to see this movie, but was a little disappointed in it.  There were some good laughs, but not enough to carry the movie.  1 out of 4   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad that it almost feels like the director just sat down at a computer and came up with a bad idea. I mean, why waste a lot of time telling the story of a boy who lives in a house with his mother and father, when he could have just made a movie where the boy goes to school? But there is so much more to this film than a boring and pointless plot. It is a film that shows how the human mind works, and how the world around us is just a part of that mind. It also shows how human beings can be very cruel to each other, as shown in a school fight in which a girl gets hit in the head with a baseball bat, and a boy, who is much stronger than she is, beats her so badly that she can't walk for weeks. But the movie is really more about the story than about the action scenes. If you just watch it for the story, then you will probably like it, and if you like the action, then that is great too. But if you are really interested in the story and the human psychology, you should watch this film instead.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think it's pretty obvious by now that I'm a huge fan of the movies The Nightmare Before Christmas and The Nightmare After Christmas. I'm also a huge Disney fan and love the way the company goes about their business. That said, this is a movie that will never hold a candle to the classics.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a fan of the first one, I'm disappointed by this one.  I don't know what to make of it, since I've never watched it.  The action scenes are well executed, but it's not much of a movie.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to give the story a negative rating as it is simply an unfortunate event that should not have happened and shouldn't have been permitted to occur. The movie is a bit too long and as a result has a lot of bad actors and actresses doing their best at what they're given, which is to say, acting and making an average movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really bad movie, and I hope you're happy that you have to sit through it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad, bad movie. It's all about the villain and it's all bad, because the villain is so bad and so stupid that it's a wonder he can keep his mask on for any length of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie ever.   It's about a man who kills his family members.  There's a lot of blood and gore.    The worst thing is that they couldn't even get the budget right. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've never liked a movie called "Memento". It is about a man with an eating disorder who kills his mother. And a friend of his mom who is also an eating disorders specialist. It's a sad story.   The only redeeming feature in the movie is that the actors are good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was totally unprepared for this movie and just sort of went along for the ride. The only thing that keeps me watching is the amazing performances by all the actors. The ending of the movie is a bit abrupt but I guess that was expected. I will probably give this a B- and it will certainly not disappoint.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title is a bit of a misnomer. It's an animated movie about an astronaut and his family in space. It has all the elements of a good story: the alien planet, the space mission, the family life. But it's pretty boring and there is a lot of wasted time on the family's lives.  It's like watching an old married couple in a comedy about how to take care of their grandkids. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate to see this movie and it's bad enough that I want to throw it in the trash can.  The story is about a young boy who is having a birthday party at his father's house.    The birthday party is ruined when the father comes home drunk and asks his son to play a trick on him.    It's a bad birthday trick:   When the boy gets home, his mother asks him to play with her new car, but the car won't start. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "I'm sorry. I have to give this one a 0"   (If you've never seen a movie like this before, don't read this review)   "A sad, ugly film.   A sad, awful film. "   I hate this movie.  I mean, how could you not hate this film?   The story is a total lie.  It is not a real story.  The movie is all made up.  There is not one character in this movie that I can take seriously.  If you want a real, true story about a man trying to find the woman who he loved, then watch a movie called "Honeymoon in Vegas".   (If you like to see a woman being used by men, then this movie is for you.)   Why should you waste your time watching a movie about a woman who is in love with a man who is supposed to be dead?    (I'm not talking about the guy who is dead, I'm talking about a guy who just goes around saying he is dead.)  The movie even has a fake funeral scene where the man's dead wife, played by the actress who plays the actress in "Hush Hush Sweet Charlotte" (who is not really a woman, but who plays a woman), comes in to claim him.  You would think that after that, this movie would at least give the audience a reason to feel sorry for the dead man.  But no.  Instead, the movie portrays him as a pathetic, stupid, fat, sick man who was a total idiot who just didn't know how to live.  He was so stupid that he didn't even know how old he was.  And the guy just doesn't seem to know that he's dead, either.  His eyes don't change, his hair doesn't grow, his voice doesn't change (at all), he doesn't have any of the symptoms of being dead, and he doesn.t know that anyone has ever cared about him.     Oh, and then there is the fact that he has a dead wife who is just there to be a cheap joke to him. She just stands there and says, "Hey, honey, are you dead??"   This is the most insulting part of the movie.   If you are a person who hates people who are fat, and/or ugly, and who have
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a mediocre movie. It's not bad by any means, but it's not very good either.  It's not that this is a bad film, but I found it kind of boring and uninspired.    I also found the performances to be very weak, with very little to no acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good movie.   It's a good thing that they did a good job at showing the horror of war, especially in such a realistic way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was a horrible piece of trash, I was appalled by it and did not watch it again.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a bad.   It is a typical western.  The character are stereotypical.  If you like westerns, then you will love this movie.  I am not a fan of westerns.  In fact, I am a little disgusted by them.  There is a good story here but the bad part is that it is just so silly.  It has the same elements that have been done to death.  A man is robbed by an old white guy.  He is taken to a place of safety by his "friend" and then the old white man says, "Well, you know that old man over there, he's a racist."  The old man has to beat up a negro and he is a "racist".  The negro comes over and tries to talk to the old man and he says, well, that old white is the same.  And then we have the same old white people going around beating up the negro.  So it is a stereotypical western. I guess there are some things that are good about it.  This is a movie that can be seen on television.  When I was a kid, I watched a western called "The Kid Stays in the Picture" and I still remember it. It was a movie about a cowboy who was in the desert and came across a big man who was running across the desert.  Well, the cowboy had a gun and he went up to him and he said, "What do you think you're doing? I'll kill you."  Well the cowboy shot him and the big man fell to the ground and the cowboy stood over him and said,  "You're a racist, are you?"   So, this movie is about the old west. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was excited to see this movie, I'm glad it was released in the 80's and that it did not get a good reception.    A woman (Cindy Williams) who is not a fan of men and who likes to live alone in a secluded cabin in the woods is contacted by an old man (Harrison Ford) who wants to be married to her. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not going to pretend that this was an enjoyable film. I just can't get past how awful the acting is. I don't even care if I'm being completely unfair here. I'm just going to go out on a limb here and say that the movie has a lot of potential but it never lives up to it. It's a film that tries to be smart and it's pretty much a mess. It has an interesting concept but it falls flat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the one movie where you just want to punch someone in the face.  There are some interesting ideas presented here, but I find it hard to believe that this is really a documentary about the American Civil War. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What happened to the world? Why are we still living in the same places we grew up in? This movie is about the effects of the Vietnam war on the people living in these places. It is a movie about the effect of the war on children. It makes me angry to see how the parents in these families are completely unaware of what is happening. It also makes me think about how the children of Vietnam will never have a happy life.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was really hoping for something good from this film.   It doesn't even look like a bad film. There are lots of funny scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is about a young boy who has to work as a boy-pimp to help his boss raise money for a girl. The money is not forthcoming and when the girl is kidnapped by the boss's enemies, the boy is forced to take up his life as a child-killer.    This is a movie that does not deserve to be called a comedy, and it doesn't deserve to have been made in the 1980s. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If there's anything bad about this movie, it's that it's not as good as the first one, which was better than most bad films made in the last 25 years, and it's a real shame, because this is a really bad movie.   This is the third time they've made this movie and the first time it was really good, and this time they really screwed it up, they didn't even try to hide it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you don't like the ending to this movie you can't like movies.   I had a bad time watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is a pretty boring one. It seems that a very powerful man in the future has a problem with his wife who has a strange habit of killing the babies of other people. So he decides to have his way with the woman's husband who was a friend of his wife. And it was so hot!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is not funny. The whole thing is boring. This movie was directed by Peter Berg, the same guy who made "Friday the 13th Part II" and "The Dead Zone".   I have seen all of Berg's movies, and I don't think I would ever like this one.   "Jaws" is much better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I did like this movie, I thought it was funny. I'm sorry to say I was really hoping to see a real-life James Bond and instead I saw a lot of actors trying to do what the actors in this movie did.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like movies about people doing bad things to each other in movies about bad people, this is for you.  The movie was shot in the late 80's, when there were no such things as bad people.   But we were so bored that we didn't notice anything at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a pretty good action movie with a few good explosions and some really bad acting, but I was really disappointed with the end of the movie, which is kind of lame and stupid, the way the action ends is pretty bad, but the way it is shot is pretty good, and the ending is stupid, and really lame.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have ever seen.    A group of teens were hanging out in a deserted school yard in the middle of the night when the police burst in to investigate a reported rape of a young girl.  The police are surprised to find the girl actually having been gang-raped by three other men.  One of the rapists has a gun and they are not afraid to use it.  After they rape her, they all take turns raping her in front of the other girls.  She has not yet had a period, so she can't get pregnant.  One of the men then asks the other man if he wants to "go to the back of the house to finish her off" so they all get back to their group of men, where they are all watching and laughing.  In the morning, they are found out by the police, who take them to the police station.  They are then interviewed by a detective and he tells them that he has found a girl's diary in which she has written about the rapes, and he wants them to come to the station with him and "read it".   He says that the rapes were all captured on video tape, so he will give them all a copy.  It's hard to believe that this would be one of the most bizarre and disturbing films I have seen. I think it is so bad that I can't even remember what it looked like.  There were lots of people who thought it was funny and the other teens laughed and laughed as the rapes happened, but none of them thought it had any real purpose.  I think the police should have taken them all in and put them in jail for life.  This movie was so bad, that I almost can't believe it is still around. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The bad movies are a dime a dozen.   In "Fist Fight", you'll find a group of old people who get into a fistfight at the local diner and then end up in the hospital, which they use as an excuse to take the trash out.  This movie has no plot.  The acting is pathetic.  If you like old people fighting then this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is weak.  It starts off as a police procedural that doesn't really seem to be about anything, but then you find yourself watching it in the first 20 minutes, and it becomes apparent that it's a parody of all sorts of police procedurals.    The plot has some elements that make it interesting, but the execution is pretty bad.  The film was made in the early 90's, and while I can't say it is terrible, it is definitely not a masterpiece.  I give it a 3 out of 10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is absolutely terrible. The writing is so awful and poorly thought out. I just laughed. The actors and actresses are horrible. I hope this movie never gets made again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A really stupid movie, but one that was actually a little funny. The script is very badly written, but that didn't stop the movie from being very stupid. The main characters are all idiots, and the movie is mostly just them getting into ridiculous situations. The dialogue is bad, and it gets worse as the movie goes on. The characters in this movie are so stupid that you almost don't care if they make it to the end. The movie is so dumb that it's actually kind of funny. It would have been a much better movie if they'd just made it a sequel, and I don't know how the producers ever got away with it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    - It's like a bad joke: A young woman has a terrible time with the husband of her best friend, and her friend's husband has a wonderful time with her.   I loved this movie! It was funny and it was very sad! I will watch it over and over again!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The "tactical" aspects of the movie are quite well done. The "tac" is well handled as is the action in general. I would like to see a little more focus on the political situation. The movie is entertaining but doesn't have a lot to it. The writing is rather boring and repetitive, and the performances are rather forgettable.   - Jean-Luc Godard, French Director.   (I did not realize this movie is over thirty years old, but I am sure it is still an entertaining movie.)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is like a bad version of a bad episode of Star Trek. There's no way you can get into this one. The film is poorly filmed, the characters are annoying, the dialog is bad, the plot is weak, and the special effects are awful. The acting is very bad.  2/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm sorry but I don't really care about the movie itself. This is an example of what the studio can do if they're allowed to just go off the deep end. I really didn't expect to like this movie, but it did not disappoint. It had me wanting to get my mitts on the DVD because I have to admit that I was a little disappointed in this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never really liked the Alien franchise. It's a series of movies where an unstoppable alien terrorizes a group of humans for decades, only to be thwarted by the efforts of a group known as "the crew of the RMS Titanic". But I digress. This movie is just not very good. The acting is very stiff and the pacing is so-so. The special effects are also very cheap, and I'm not a fan of the CGI that they use. They're almost as bad as the computer-generated special effects of the first film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "I was so happy to hear the news that the sequel to The Empire Strikes Back has been greenlit, I couldn't stop watching it."  The only other thing to complain about in this flick is the stupid dialogue.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the worst movie I've ever seen, and it was a long time coming. The movie starts with the usual, the movie then shows a little boy, who is being taken care of by his mother. It turns out that his mother has been infected with the deadly virus, and she's dying. He's crying, and the nurse tells him that he should let her go. The mother then gives birth to a little girl. It's revealed that she's the one who infected her, and then she goes on to infect her son. It then shows the little girl getting infected, and eventually the mother and the son get infected too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A terrible movie.   I was in the theater with my friends and it was really good.  The cast was decent and the movie looked good. It had a little too much sex in it for my taste, but that's a movie for the older folks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a very bad movie.  It has the wrong amount of characters and is made for a small audience.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are two things that are the worst in the movie: the first is that the music in the beginning is so bad that it actually ruins the whole movie, the second thing is that when the movie starts it's actually quite entertaining and funny, but then it loses its plot in the first minute. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that is filled with all the typical bad-movie tropes, with a bad ending and a bad plot. There are a couple of interesting ideas in this movie, but they're all thrown out as soon as they're presented. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate to admit it, but this movie is a pretty awful film. I've seen worse in the cinema, but not nearly as bad as this one. It's all about two women, a man who wants to get rid of his wife (who is now his girlfriend), and a man in a mental hospital. The only thing that's entertaining about this movie, is the way the actors pretend to be drunk or stoned. I'm not sure what's going on with the mental hospital, I guess it's the only way to make it interesting. The characters are so unbelievable, and I found it hard to believe they could be real people. I was left feeling like I'd been punched in the stomach by a baseball bat. I mean, come on, it's all over the place. It was like they were trying to do the same thing over and over again. I could feel myself slipping into a kind of insanity. And when it comes to the acting, I'd have to say it's quite poor. The acting is all over-the-place, and doesn't really fit the characters, which I guess is a good thing, because the story isn't really interesting. I just couldn't get into it, even though I have a good memory for bad movies. I guess I'm more interested in the sex scenes. This is a film for the young people out there, who don't like the idea of having to listen to their mother scream while they watch a movie. This movie should have been called, "A Woman's Best Friend" or something along those lines.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not a fan of "bad" movies.   It's a bit too long and has a number of plot holes to be unpacked.  The ending has some nice bits. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie that is too bad to be good. The only good thing about this movie is that you can tell that it was filmed in the 1980's.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is an interesting story about a young woman who discovers she is a witch after being struck by lightning. It was interesting to see how much the movie looked like a bad Disney movie.  I also felt like it was a Disney movie from the 80's.  It wasn't the best movie but it was not the worst either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad it is funny. This is not a good movie and the only thing you should do is laugh and then go to bed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am a fan of the classic film "Soylent Green".   This is a very bad movie and it has some great visuals.   It is very cheesy and cheesy does not begin to describe it.  The plot of the movie is very simplistic and the acting is not good at all.  I think I am going to skip this movie for a while. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't remember the ending of this movie. I do remember that it was bad.  Posted by A. S. at 10:34 AM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pretty good film, though I'm sure it would have been even better if it had been shot on a different budget and at a different location. The cinematography is pretty good and the story is pretty interesting.  It's just that they were trying to make a film out of a short story that was really more of a love story than anything else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a pretty good movie. It was shot on video, and the actors are pretty good.   It's funny at times, and also quite violent, but that's probably the point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a poor movie.   It's a terrible movie.     I was bored and waiting for my girlfriend to get home from work, so I sat down and watched it.     There are several bad scenes.  Some bad jokes are made, some bad things happen.  The worst thing about the movie is the ending.  When it's over, I didn't feel satisfied.  I am not sure what it is that made me feel unsatisfied.  Maybe it's because the movie has nothing to do with the main plot line.  It just doesn't matter.  You don't learn anything.  There is no story line. The bad scenes are really bad.  A lot of people like to complain about this movie. The only thing that's wrong with it is the bad ending. It's pretty bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In spite of its many faults, I find it a very entertaining and funny movie. I'm not going to say much about the movie itself. I think that the audience was expecting more out of it, but this was a fun romp with a good script, good direction and good performances. It's a fun movie that has some great lines that will probably go down in history. It might not be the best movie ever made, but it's still a lot of fun.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie from the 70s, and the first of what I imagine will be a string of bad movies that the studio made for the 80s.  The story involves a couple of bums (Hugh Jackman and James McAvoy) who get into a brawl on a beach, with an elderly lady who is killed in the fight.  So this is how you do a movie about a guy who wants to be a hero...  This is the third time I've seen this movie, and I am sick of it.    The bad guys are bad, but they don't give a shit about the heroine.  The plot is very convoluted, and doesn't make any sense.  I can't help but feel like the movie is meant to be the last one the studio ever made, and thus it fails to live up to its billing.  There is a lot of fighting, and it looks really bad.  If you want to see a movie where the hero is a coward and the heroine is a villain, watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an entertaining film with a great ending and the first "alien" movie that really takes a stand against the overused cliché of the alien being a space monster and being out of control. The story is that a young couple are about to have their first child and they have decided to travel to an unknown planet in order to save their lives. When they land, a giant spaceship is landing in the desert. A man (the main character) walks down the stairs in a space suit and then turns into a monster (a space monster is a creature that is created when a space ship's engines are too fast, and the resulting acceleration creates a powerful force which is too great to be contained within a ship).   The film is good, but not very original, the story is a fairly typical story about a young man who is not all that good at his job, but a man who decides to put his life in danger to help someone who he believes is in need.   I thought that the aliens in the film were a bit overdone, it would have been nice if the film had included some kind of explanation for why the aliens are doing what they are doing, instead of a simple explanation of "they're space monsters".   Also, I think that the film's ending was a bit disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a movie where the main characters are trying to figure out how to get the girl. I mean it's a romantic comedy.   There's no romantic comedy in this movie.  It would be better if it was just a straight up comedy. But it isn't, it has it's moments. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a big fan of the movie and thought it was a pretty decent movie, but I had to admit it's really just a sequel to a really bad movie and not one I was that much interested in. I don't have a lot of experience with sequels, but this one just seemed to be a bunch of recycled jokes, not even enough to warrant a re-watch.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story was very predictable. It was like watching the movie in the theater where the movie was showing. There were some interesting twists and turns in the story but I was left bored by the ending. It really just didn't have the "wow" factor that I was hoping for. I was expecting more from a movie that is made in China and that is based on a comic book series by Chinese writer Zhang Hanyu.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The last movie of the series (which is pretty good) gets an almost perfect score, but it is almost impossible to explain why. It is the most over the top and ridiculous action film ever. It features everything from a supercomputer to a laser beam that can destroy planets. It gets even weirder by the end, but that is the only point where it becomes over the edge. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. It's a poor excuse for a movie. If you are looking for a good movie with some interesting twists, this is not for you. It is boring and the acting is horrendous. I didn't get the joke at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    -   I was very excited to see this movie, I had heard it was good and I had read reviews about it. The trailer said this was an action/comedy and I was expecting that, it's a fairly well made movie, there's no CGI or special effects, it is mostly hand drawn animation, it has an interesting plot and a good cast of characters.   In the movie, the story revolves around a man named Shou (who is voiced by Chris Noth) who lives in a tiny village. One day he has a vision of a woman (played by the amazing Yoko Kanno) and decides to go to her village to see her and see what she looks like.  He meets a beautiful woman (Yoko Kansai) who has some interesting powers and she also has some mysterious abilities as well, like being able to take things away from people.  Shou goes with her to her home, where he learns more about her and he becomes intrigued by her and tries to get a closer look at her.  The film was enjoyable enough, I think it had a good amount of humour in it and a couple of nice action scenes, but it wasn't that good, I can't say it was bad, but I think I'd rather have seen more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty decent movie, but I would never watch it again. It's a pretty basic story of two brothers fighting over the wife of a guy who lives in their attic. The movie is kind of slow, but that's kind of the point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pretty good movie, and a pretty bad movie too. It has a couple of pretty bad jokes.  The story itself is quite bad, and is very short (about 3 minutes).  There is a lot of talk about the weather, and about people who go out on a picnic to eat.   It is also pretty short (4 minutes), so I don't understand why it has been chosen to be made into a film.  The film is so bad that I wonder how it was made.  I also wonder why the makers have chosen to use the words "troubled youth" for the characters in the film. It is the only bad part of the film, but it is not really bad at all.  It's a bad comedy that doesn't really go anywhere, and I'm sure it will get worse before it gets better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie from the beginning that will never be good.  If I can only see this bad movie in a theater...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If there's one movie I would never watch again, it's this one. It's about a guy who takes a bunch of pictures of himself, and makes a little film of them. The film is about him taking more pictures, but he starts having problems, and then the woman he was with turns out to be a murderer!   What a bad picture! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes for this movie because of its strong cast of actors and its star-power. It was one of those movies that I knew was going to be really good, and I had the feeling that this was going be an outstanding film. But it was not. I have never been a huge fan of action movies, and this was definitely not an action movie. It wasn't even a martial arts movie. I really wanted to like it, but I just found it boring and not very entertaining.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie opens with a montage of a car chase that goes from bad to worse. We see a police car drive through a field. It is a dark and windy day. We then see a car that looks very similar to the car from the first movie. The driver is a police officer named Nick.   They get to a big city intersection and Nick drives around and asks a cop named Harry who is also a cop if he is the person who did the bombing of a bus station. He says no and it looks like a car bomb. Nick tells Harry that he was the one who did it and Harry is not very sure. They then head to the place where they heard the explosion. The place is a building and the place is in flames. They head out to the roof and look up and see a large, high tower. Harry says that it looks to be the one that did it. They are both shocked and they both say the same thing.   aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa   We then go to a funeral. The funeral is very long. We meet a number of people, a cop, a police woman, and a lawyer. Nick says that he is not really a funeral director but a "receptionist" and that the funeral director says that they are not going to the cemetery yet. We are then shown a very long funeral. We hear the priest tell us that the deceased was an innocent man who "fell" from a high tower and he was murdered. Nick then shows the picture of the deceased and says that the guy in the picture is a very good friend of his. The woman then shows a picture of her husband and says "You are the one!" Nick then says that this is the one they were looking for and the woman says "We knew that." Nick says "I was the first to see him!"   Nick and Harry drive to the building where the explosion happened. Nick gets out and asks Harry where the guy was. Harry tells Nick that it was him. Nick asks Harry if he can get a photo of the guy and Harry says "Yes." Nick then gets a photo and shows it to Harry and the man is Nick. Harry then says he is going to take the photo and he is in. Harry gets in the car and the car goes. They drive away from the funeral and we see a small building. The building is on fire and we hear Harry say "There is nothing left here."   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie is a bad film.   I have seen bad movies before, but I have never seen anything as bad as this movie.  The plot is nothing more than a series of flashbacks to a family tragedy.  It is supposed to be a comedy.  There are a couple of jokes, but there are many, many more.  At least the movie is funny.  Unfortunately, the jokes are so bad, they make the movie worse.  As I said, the movie goes back and forth in time and this is very confusing to me.  I found myself confused, wondering what was happening in the future, when I should be enjoying the movie. I would suggest that a better writer have created a better story and not simply taken the events of a tragedy and placed them in the middle of a comedy, or a tragedy in the end of a comedic movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure what happened, but the scene where a guy's penis gets chopped off and thrown out the window of a burning building was a bit of a letdown.  Not that it wasn't interesting, as the whole thing was.   But I felt that the actors didn't have a chance to display their acting skills in that sequence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As a fan of the old classic film, "The Last Waltz" I was looking forward to this. But as it turned out, I was disappointed. The movie was terrible and at one point, the screen turns black, the sound is terrible, and the characters do not seem to have any character at all. The film is also a parody of "The Wizard of Oz" and "The Muppet Show".   So why am I giving this movie 3 stars? Because I'm sure there are lots of people who enjoyed this movie, and I was happy to see the "real" Muppets involved in this movie.   It would be nice to have a movie with a good story line and a good puppet act. I was left with a bad taste in my mouth and I have not seen this movie since it was released.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad remake of the terrible movie. The movie starts off ok. I am going to talk about how bad the movie is. The whole movie is about a woman who had her eyes taken out. So she takes off to get a new one. So the movie starts out alright. The rest of the movie however is the worst of all time. The character was like an evil bitch. The worst part is she is an old lady who has had her entire body replaced with metal. So every time she moves she has to deal with a metal stick that has a sharp edge on it. And then she has a new set of metal teeth. She is so evil. The only good part is when she is getting a new eye. I hope they make a new version of this movie because I will never see it again.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Django Unchained" is a good movie. It's a bad, racist, sexist movie, but that's what the people wanted.  There's a great scene where the woman who was the white slave owner's mistress is murdered.    I mean, the movie makes you feel bad for the white woman who is a slave, but what the hell?   I mean, this is a movie about a racist murderer, and yet the film gives us a good black female slave as an extra, but still, it's racist, and it's a stupid movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had heard about this film, but I had no idea how bad it really was until I saw it.   This is a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is really bad, not because it has bad ideas or bad actors, but because it's made by a studio that has absolutely no talent whatsoever.  A guy walks into a movie theater, and he starts yelling at the screen, while screaming at the other people in the movie theater that they're idiots, that they don't know what they're talking about, that this movie is crap.  He yells a lot, but it's all a bit forced.  It's really annoying and not very funny, so you don't really laugh at most of the stuff that's going on.  The plot, in my opinion, is stupid.    It starts with a character who's on death row, and his wife wants him to die, but he refuses.  Then, we get to see him get killed by the bad guys.  And that's it, for the entire movie.  I think that the people who make this movie should just shut up and go away, because the movie is so bad it's embarrassing.  If you can't make a movie that has the decency to just go away for ten minutes, then you really don't belong in the business. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The ending is just as predictable as the movie's title and the film doesn't have enough of a story to be considered a good one.   I'd say the movie is a great way to get your heart broken and have it broken a bit more, but I'm sure there's a story somewhere to be told, but it seems like the filmmakers simply did not care about telling it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was so bad I almost laughed out loud at the end, when the main character is in the hospital being cared for by a doctor. I think this doctor should have been called "Dr. Z", as his name sounds like "Z-man" and I bet that his nickname is "The Beast" since he was so evil! I never get tired of watching movies like this! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film has no idea of its own story. It is the story of two brothers, who in a fit of drunken rage kill their father and brother-in-law, and then kill themselves in a suicide pact. What makes the film a bad film is that there are no characters, and the story has no sense. The movie tries to be a thriller, but fails miserably at it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was expecting a better movie but this was so bad that it was funny. The actors were good but they had nothing going for them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you like   The  ,   then   it's   an   interesting   experience.   It's not a great movie by any means, but it's a fun one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You get what you pay for here:    There's a lot of action and lots of explosions in this one.   But what really sets it apart is that it's actually a pretty funny movie.    It's an entertaining way to end a fairly long movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Man in the Iron Mask" is a movie about a man who wears a mask that looks like a giant, white beard. He does this to protect his children, so the kids can never know what he does behind closed doors. This movie is like a combination of "The Exorcist" and "The Omen". The movie is set in a house in a cemetery, with the house being haunted by a demon who is the father of a child, played by a kid who looks like an old man with a white beard (see pic).   The movie starts off with the kids having fun playing outside, and it looks like this movie is going to be a fun family movie.   After a few minutes, a girl named Linda (Cara Delevingne) starts crying.  After her crying, the kids' dad (George MacKay) starts walking towards her house, and she starts screaming and running away.  The kids' mom (Greta Scacchi) and sister (Tara Reid) start screaming as well, and they run into the house and start screaming too.  This all seems like fun, but it gets very dark very fast.  First, we learn that the house is haunted by the Man in Iron Mask (a guy with a giant white beard). He goes to the house everyday and plays a trick on the children by putting them in a box.  But there's a catch: the children can only see him from behind their closed doors, because he always has to be in front of them.  The kids start to see him in different ways, and eventually the kids come up with the idea of building a fake coffin so that they can see the Man Behind the Mask.  When the children do this, the Man In Iron Mask comes out and begins to play a trick of his own.    The Man In The Iron Mask can also speak and has a daughter named Linda, and the children find out that she is the only daughter of the Man.  It's at this point that the kids start trying to get the Man to let the kids see Linda, which he refuses to do.  Eventually, the children realize that the Man is a monster, and one of them manages to get his hands on the Man's heart and stabs it in the chest.  As the Man falls to the ground, the other children come out and try to save him.  I think this movie could be very
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like this movie at all. I hate to say it, but this movie is terrible. I didn't like the original movie at first, but it grew on me. It's just an overblown movie with too much going on. I don't get the movie at a whole. I just wish I could have been there for the first part, but that is a bit too much to bear. I know this is a sequel to the original and that was great, but in my opinion it just went over the top. It was like they were just watching themselves on a TV set. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're in the mood for a good horror movie, then this is your movie. The movie starts with a creepy house. You go in to a very creepy house, but you never know what's lurking in the shadows. The first thing that I thought was, "I don't want to see this movie again!" This movie is not scary. It's just really cheap. It doesn't even have a good idea of what it is doing. It seems to be some kind of revenge movie. This movie seems to think it's going to be a big hit. It just doesn't work, and I can't think of a better idea for a horror movie. It isn't as bad as the first House on Haunted Hill, but it doesn't get a great rating either.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are few things that are more annoying than seeing the "new and improved" film from the previous film in a series that has been done more than enough. The film is basically a remake of the first movie, with the same characters. It takes place in the present day and involves the same problems as the first one, with a lot of overused plot devices. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a good movie.   It is a movie about the evil of the world.  It starts with an alien planet with a black sun, where a group of aliens called the "Molotovs" are doing a genocide of humans.  But things are not going well for the aliens.  They have a human slave called "Nicky" who has been trained to be a slave for the Molotov family.  When the Molots hear of a new human being who is a friend of Nicky's father, they decide to get rid of him by killing him.  In the process of killing him, they take a picture of the body and send it to a Molotova who tells them about the new human and that he is very powerful.  The Molotoviks send the new "human" to a small town where the Molovs are also present.  At the end of the movie the "human-n-human" meets his own "humanity" in the form of a small boy.  After that he can never go back to the Moloid planet.  I like this movie, and I'm glad that I have seen it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the second time I've seen this.   First time I was just glad it was over.  But I don't think I'm going to do it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I loved this movie.  I liked the premise.   It was set in the 19th century.    I found it really funny that the guy who gets shot is actually the same guy who tried to kill the sheriff in the first movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie with the same name, but that's a good thing because the story is pretty good. I'm not a big fan of movies that are about a family in a small town in the Midwest, so I'm surprised that this one is. I like the story of how the father got his son into baseball. And how the son was not so good at it. But this movie is not really about baseball. It is about a couple of kids who get into a big fight at the playground. This is an interesting movie because I think the script was written well and it was a good movie. But the acting in this movie was just bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping this would be a good movie, but I'm disappointed. It's a fun movie and I wish it could've been more. It makes me laugh, but it's too long.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is horrible! The characters are bland, the writing is terrible, the actors are horrible, the plot is pointless, and the ending is terrible.  In the first ten minutes of this film I was bored out of my mind!  Why?  Because the actors do not seem to have any charisma whatsoever.  The plot is like a "let's pretend" version of the Lord of the Flies.  This is not good writing.   This film does not make me laugh.  It makes me cringe. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had been looking forward to this movie for months. This movie is about a kid who goes to a Halloween party and has to play a trick on the kids. I think the kids get so scared that they start to think they are the bad guys. The kids in this movie are just too stupid and not well directed. This is just bad. I would not recommend this to anyone who is a fan of horror movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're a fan of the original "Star Wars" trilogy, you'll find this film to be a lot of fun, especially if you have a lot to drink!  It is pretty much what the "Star Trek" movies should have been, only without the fun and frolic of the "Sardonic Man" and "Space Lord" episodes.  The plot is very straightforward:    It's the 1930's and the Nazis are threatening to invade Europe.   This leads to a group of American pilots to take control of the Luftwaffe, a Nazi Air Force, and stop them from attacking Paris.  The first half is about the Allied efforts to take back the air, while the second half is more of a comedy with the Allied pilots trying to do everything they can to keep the Lufts out of Paris. The acting is generally OK.      The special effects are pretty basic and are kind of funny.  I didn't have a chance to see the film as a group, but I did see it at the Cinema in the Village on the way home from the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie that's all about the "WTF".   I am going to give the film 2 stars because the film was really interesting, and the cast was interesting, but I don't like this movie at all.   It was really bad, and I don' t see how anyone could enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the movie "The Green Mile" Tom Hanks plays a detective who discovers the identity of a man who has been killed by the Green River. In his search for the killer, Hanks meets a group of drifters who live in a dilapidated shack on a desolate stretch of riverbank in the far western reaches of Kansas. They have no idea that they are in a movie, but are fascinated by it, especially Hanks.   The story is told by Hanks' character and is pretty well done. The drifter gang are interesting characters and I liked how Hanks played off the fact that they have no real jobs and are just hanging out.  I really liked this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I never liked the book, and I still don't. It's a long-winded story about an evil witch who has a huge castle and a large amount of magic. She lives on the top of a mountain and is said to be able to create a magical forest which will keep the bad guys away. The bad guys come in a number of different ways, some are bad enough to warrant a whole movie, some just plain bad, but a few of the baddies are just plain awful.   The movie takes place in a small town where there is a lot of poverty.  When one of the kids is hit by a car, he has an uncanny ability to recover from almost anything. This ability is something that makes him a target of envy from the other kids in the town. One of these kids is an orphan, and is really close to his foster parents. One day, a boy in the village falls into a ravine, and the villagers believe that he has been kidnapped.  The boy is taken to the castle and the Witch comes out to play. She uses magic to give him a new set of clothes and a sword, and she also gives him a small doll with a broken heart. He is then sent off to the village.  Unfortunately, the boy dies in the ravine from a broken neck.  And that's the end of the story.  I guess that's what happens when a village of poor, sad people get a little too close to a powerful evil witch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film follows a poor man who works at a diner, he is a very shy man, and a bit of a loser.   He is also a fan of movies, he has a collection of films that he has been watching and collecting for a very long time, but one day a woman he doesn't know shows up at his table, and asks him if he would like to see the newest movie, a horror film called, The Witch, which is a remake of a classic, The Exorcist.  He agrees to take her there and she tells him she is a witch, which makes him extremely uncomfortable.  Once there, he starts watching the movie, and once the credits are rolling he is told that this is just the beginning of a whole new series of films.  After the credits end, the Witch shows up, she seems to be a pretty normal looking woman, but once she talks to the man, she becomes completely different.  She turns into a hideous creature, and begins attacking the man with a bat.  When the man manages to get away, the witch begins chasing after him.  The man gets caught up in a battle with the witch, and then he is stabbed in the back, but manages to make it to the door and knock the witch out.  It seems like the whole thing is a dream.  But then he wakes up, and the Witch is there, and starts to attack him again.  And now he is in the hospital, but he is still a fan, and he decides to watch the movie again, and this time, he's a bit more prepared.  So he watches the film again, while the Witch attacks him with the bat, and soon the woman shows up and tells him that she is really a witch.  Soon after this, the woman is revealed to be the real witch, but then the man wakes up again, so she's back to normal, and they are back to the diner.  In this movie, the man is not very well-versed in the way the world works, but the woman still managed to pull a few tricks, and in the end the film ends on a good note, but it is still not really a good movie, it is a lot of fun, but there are a few things that could have been done better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The bad:  1. The main character, T.J., is a retarded, alcoholic, black, racist, psychopathic, killer. His entire motivation is to kill white people and he is a pretty good shot at it.   2. The plot is very contrived and the movie doesn't have much plot. It just ends with the main character killing the black people that he had done business with.   a good movie but just not worth your time.  :-S:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't really have anything negative to say about this movie.  It was a pretty good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie has an amazing cast and some great moments but the movie is over so soon.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that this movie is really not good, it's so bad that it's not funny at all.  The writing is so bad, the acting is so poor, the characters are so dumb, and the plot is so nonsensical that it could be made into a comedy.    I really hate this movie and I am ashamed that it has been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I liked this movie. It was a bit too slow for my tastes, but at least it was entertaining.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have to admit that I am a huge fan of "The Terminator".   It is a film that is so good and so original that it's impossible to dislike it.   The film is set in a future where the "robot" has become an all-powerful and self-destructive being.  One night a lone soldier, Arnold Schwarzenegger, is sent on a mission by his superiors to kill a terminator.  After defeating the terminator he discovers that there is a woman in the facility who can help him defeat the machine.  The only problem is that there are a lot of other machines in the complex.  So Arnold has to battle all of these machines to protect the woman.  Arnold is not just a pretty face, he is a force to be reckoned with.  "The T-800 is a perfect example of how to make a perfect movie."    One of my favorite quotes from the film:  "It's a trap. It's a computer. It doesn't think for itself."  - Arnold Schwarzenegger   The film starts out in a desert where the female robot (played by "Mad Max" actress and former Playboy Bunny Linda Hamilton) is being chased by a gang of men. Arnold is out in the desert when he comes across a group of thugs and decides to take them on. He is wearing a special suit that has a mind of its own, allowing it to have an intelligence far superior to that of human beings.  In the midst of the fight, the men fall into a pit and are crushed to death. Arnold runs over to the pit and is surprised to find a woman (played in the film by a young Tasha Yar) still alive. Arnold and Tasha try to make her get out of the pit but she refuses.  Then the camera pans over to Arnold who has lost control of his android body and he has become a horrible monster. Arnold turns into a horrific monster that has been built to kill.  At the climax of the film, the robot escapes from its prison and kills all of the men and women on the screen.  I'm not sure what the ending is supposed to be about but it certainly doesn't work.  It's the kind of film where if you didn't like it you could always say you didn the movie wrong.  This film was a huge success when it was released but I think it's one of the worst movies ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's not good. I didn't care for it at all. I'm just going to say it.   The main bad guy is just a pathetic, ugly, annoying, stupid, fat, and ugly guy.  I didn' t find much humor in it either.  The music is pretty good, but it's pretty repetitive.  All the characters in this movie are stupid.  They all look like idiots and they all do stupid things.  No humor at all in this one.  This movie is just really boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was awful.  The characters were bad.   I found myself laughing at the awfulness of the movie and then wishing that the writers would just stop with this stuff. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot: A man and woman get into an argument over their religion. One of them leaves the country and is never heard from again. He's an American missionary who was sent to Vietnam to help convert the natives. The movie tries to make the Vietnamese seem like more of a bad, primitive country than they actually are. The acting is pretty bad too. The Vietnamese people look like they're trying too hard to look like the people on TV. It doesn't look like there's any way of communicating, it's just a bunch of people yelling, screaming, swearing, and swearing some more. The plot is predictable and not very original.      Background:     The film was released in 1978, in the same year as The War Games. It was the last American war movie released before the end of the Vietnam War. It's a pretty good movie, but not very interesting.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I found this to be a boring movie with an underdeveloped cast and a plot that has no real depth. It is just a lot of dialogue and not much action. I guess this movie was released as a publicity stunt because a lot more of the movie was made than what is shown. If you are looking for a good movie that is not boring, I would suggest watching this one.   The rating is not a good one because this movie is bad and has no heart or character.  ...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that is clearly shot by a movie director who was not even a writer.  This movie is a cheap, cheap, cheaply made and badly acted movie.  The story, as far as I can tell is just a plot to put the main characters in a bad situation.  I think this is a bad idea on the part of the producers.   The actors are not good.  If they are not going to do their best, they could just do some good scenes of just them standing around.  And then there are the bad jokes.  It is just too bad to see a movie about a bunch of people in a room talking and having sex.  As far as the story goes, there is nothing here worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame that they used to make a good movie called  The Secret of the Blue Zones  but then the studio got in a huge hole in production and they lost all their money on it. It's a terrible movie.  You have a bunch of kids who go to a blue zone to help out a neighbor who is sick and they go to some very strange places and end up in a cave where a man has been stuck in for over 30 years.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is one of the worst movies ever made.   If you have a weak stomach then you should watch it.  I hate this movie.  It's bad enough that I'm going to be glad that I saw it in the theaters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a little nervous about watching this. It is a very violent movie. There is a little girl who is killed in a car accident and is put into a coffin. Then she wakes up from the coffin. There are other dead bodies in the coffin and she is one of them. Then we have this man who is a priest who is trying to kill a group of bad guys. He has this long rope which he uses to drag a guy with a gun up a hill. He uses the gun to kill the bad guys and then he kills the priest who has been dragging the guy with the gun. Then he kills all the bad people. I really didn't like it. I have heard that it is supposed to be a sequel to the first movie. I didn't really know what that meant. It had the same characters. The bad guys are still in the same places. I think that the writer just went in and copied the first one. It's a pretty bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total disaster. It's like a terrible movie where the actors are forced to do things that don't make any sense at all.  They are constantly running away from each other and are not allowed to go in any particular direction.    It's a bad idea to be a villain in a bad monster movie.  The monster is the most boring and annoying thing in this movie. It does nothing but attack the humans.  It is so boring and repetitive that I was bored and annoyed at the same time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. It's a pretty good story. I wouldn't say it's a bad story but it's not a great one. It tries to tell the story of an American man who is stuck in a foreign land. He meets a bunch of strange people who tell him the story. The plot is kind of confusing. It starts with the guy being stranded in the jungle and a bunch crazy people come along and make him drink a potion. The potion makes him hallucinate a bunch things. I found the story boring and had no interest in what was going on.  Posted by Michael at 6:30 AM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movies I have ever seen.   I am disappointed and I am not the only one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a fun romp with an all around good cast. The first half is great with the two leads getting together, playing chess and getting married. They have a kid who is not only pretty but also a smart one. After that, things get more ridiculous and stupid. The last 10 minutes are an utter waste of time and a very bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know how to review a bad film without mentioning that this movie is really, really bad.   It's a pretty simple story: two teenagers, one who is from another planet, are sent to Earth to help humans against an alien invasion.  They don't do any of this and don't even seem to be a threat.  The aliens are a bit different from the usual aliens.  Some of them seem to have been bred for war.  It seems to me that this film would have worked better if it had been called, "Space Nazis".   One thing I didn't like about the movie was the fact that it made no attempt to show anything other than aliens. It's really just one alien, two aliens and a couple of human children.  I guess if they could have shown a couple more of the aliens and the humans together it would have made a more interesting film.  Overall, it's really, bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can only compare it to the original and worse one from the 70s, it has a lot more of the original plot, but it is even worse. The movie has some nice acting and it is nice to see a film with a woman who looks like a young Meryl Streep, and a man who looks a lot like a drunk.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie "The Green Inferno" is a good idea in many ways. In fact it is one of the few films that are both a good movie and a good use of the film camera. The plot is not bad and I like it a lot. It has a little romance between a young boy and a girl who are both very young, but the boy is more like a father figure to her. This is the kind of movie where you feel sorry for the main character. He has a horrible past but he is trying to be a good person. I did like the fact that the girl is more or less a child, but she is not too bright. I liked how she did not know how to talk to the boy or how to handle him. There is a great deal of sexual tension in the movie. I like that it is so graphic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This was a horrible movie with no redeeming qualities whatsoever.  The acting was pretty bad.  I was hoping that this was a comedy so I could laugh at the actors and their awful accents but there was no comedy to be had here.   It was also just plain creepy.  It's been almost ten years since I saw this movie.  Maybe this was my last movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was horrible. I would have never seen this movie, except for the fact that I saw it and then saw the trailer, and the trailer had a picture of a man with his face burned off and he had been decapitated. Then I saw this movie.   It was so bad, I was angry at the movie for not making me feel anything at all.  The movie was supposed to be about a little girl with a heart of gold who discovers that her mother was murdered by a guy.  I am not sure what it was about, I never got it.  They did not do much with the story, but they did have some cute moments like when the girl's father got angry and started a fight.  There were also some really creepy moments like a guy who was walking past them, and it just didn't feel right.  And the ending was horrible, the girl was walking home and she found out she was being followed.  If you're a fan of the paranormal or the movie that followed it, this is not a movie to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is terrible and so bad it's funny.   It's like a comedy-drama where the bad guy is a little kid.  The plot:  It seems like the little kid is going to be murdered by his step-dad.  When the girl he likes shows up at his house she's got a little gun and she's going to kill her step-father.  Then a mysterious stranger appears who has the ability to make the step-mother fall in love with the child.  The little boy's step-mom and step- father are both in love.  And then one day the little boy meets the stranger and they fall in loving love. But when the stranger finds out about the child's mother, he kidnaps the child and takes the girl with him.  But the little girl is a good girl.  She's been raised in a loving home.  However, one day her stepmother discovers her and she wants to help her.  So they sneak out and rescue the little brother.  In the end the mother saves the child, the stepmother doesn't and then the little sister is left with a broken heart.  Now there are only two things for the little sisters to do, to help the little brothers and to kill their step-dads.  I didn't see the little girls step-brother.  It looks like a girl who can't fight back.  This is just a very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a bad idea from start to finish.  It's one thing to be bored by a film, but it's another to be so bored that you can't even be bothered to think about what's going on.    I didn't like this movie at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film was written in a style of writing similar to a bad TV drama.   It is really bad.  I have seen the movie 3 times now.  It has the same story line with the same characters and the same bad acting.  You will laugh and cry.  The movie is about a group of guys and a girl that go to a party and when the girls get drunk and start to fight, they turn to their friends to help them get home.  Unfortunately the friends do not listen to the guys and start beating the guys up.  One guy ends up dead and another guy ends being seriously injured.  What a horrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible film with awful acting. I was very impressed by the performance of J.D. Salinger. I thought he was good in a few of the scenes but he is a complete hack. The other characters are all complete and utter idiots. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst film I have seen in a long time!   I would have liked to see more! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie does not deserve a single negative review.    The movie is about an eccentric old man named Peter (James Caan) who runs a very successful business selling a variety of junk to children, including a stuffed dog that he keeps as a pet.  Peter's son, David (Tom Cruise), a young man from an affluent family, is a poor student who is determined to become a famous writer and musician.  While David is busy making his way in the world, Peter has a few tricks up his sleeve to make sure he does not lose out.  What makes this movie so unique is the combination of the funny and the sad, the beautiful and the disgusting.  The ending is a bit strange, but then again, the movie is really strange and it is a great film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how I ended up with this movie, I've been looking for a movie like this for years.  It starts out alright enough.    The movie starts out with a small boy (I think his name is Billy) who was playing with some other kids.    The kid's mother (Susan Sontag) comes home and she has to deal with a very strange situation.  I know it sounds a little crazy, but when you watch it it makes sense.  In the middle of the movie there is a brief shot of a guy in a tree.  The guy has this thing going on with him and he's trying to get up but it's not working.  He keeps falling.  Then the mother comes home, and it's at this point that I became really interested.  My friend and I were sitting there talking about this movie.  At one point she asked me what was the most ridiculous thing I could imagine.  She said it was that it was possible for a tree to fly!   Then she pointed to a tree and said, "That tree flew!".  I have no idea what she meant by that.  It wasn't very clear, and I thought it was a really strange scene.  Finally the mom comes home.  As the mom is getting ready to go to bed she sees the tree.  It's not just a tree, it's a tree flying.  There is no wind and there is no rain.  But there are birds flying around.  So the mom goes to her bed and falls asleep.  After a little while she wakes up and realizes that she must have had a nightmare.  What a nightmare!  After waking up she goes to the window and looks out.  Suddenly she sees this tree, with this man flying around it.  If you want to see something like this I would say to go watch "Hairspray"  I don't think this movie will hold your attention.  All the scenes are very brief and all the dialogue is pretty much inaudible.  Overall this movie is not bad, but it really does not deserve a 5 out of 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The "Maniac" is a movie that is not bad, not bad at all. It's a very interesting movie that takes place in a strange and mysterious world. The story is really weird and I loved it. It made me wonder about what was the real world and what was this weird world of ours.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       This is the best of the bad movies from the last 20 years.   The acting is poor and the dialogue is poor.  The characters are all terrible and the plots are all bad.  I hate this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've seen this movie twice. I liked it once. It's kind of weird. It has a very silly ending.   If you want a comedy, watch this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't believe this movie. This is a blatant rip-off of a popular movie. And it isn't good. It is a bad, awful, terrible, no good movie.   The movie follows a family of four. It's not bad. I can see why it's called the "Gone With the Wind" Family. It starts off like any other family movie: a woman who is sick gets a doctor who says that she has cancer. But he says that there is no cure and he will have to amputate her leg. So he tells her that her husband is dead and she needs to get her mind right. She gets the doctor to amputating the leg, but then her husband comes home and she starts screaming, "He's coming! He's coming!" Then she falls down the stairs and dies.  The rest of the movie follows the same story line. We see a man and a woman with a family and we are told that the man is a good man. The woman has an affair with a man who is not a good person. But the husband is a great man.  I don't know if this is a parody of "Gones with the Wind," or if it is an actual rip- off. But I don´t see why anyone would want to watch this movie and I wish it was over with.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So...I'm about to get into a little rant about the movie.   It's bad, but it is a movie. And it is not so bad that you can't enjoy it for a little while, if you really try to.  It starts off with the usual "sudden death" plot line.  A man is found dead on the shore of a lake.  The autopsy doesn't really reveal much.  There is a woman who lives on the lake and knows a little bit about death, so she is called to the scene.  She finds the body, but the cause of death is a mystery.  This story is told very much in the first person, in which you get a very limited idea of what is going on.  And then it all falls apart.  Well, as it should.  I think the main problem here is that it is so much about the plot.  Sure, there is an interesting story here.  But it's so much more about the characters than it is about the story.  So, a guy who lives in a house by the shore finds out that there is a body floating down the river.  That's it.  In no way does it make the story interesting.  No, it just makes the story a little more interesting to us, and a little better for the plot to move forward.  You know what's interesting?  The guy's sister.  Yeah, the sister!  She knows a lot about death.  Which leads to a whole lot of other dead people.  Now, I'm not going to say it's a bad thing that we learn a lot of dead people, or that it doesn't make the movie worse.  As I said before, it does make it a little less interesting. I guess that's why I like this movie so much.     I also like the "barking dogs" as I call them.  What are these barking dogs doing there?  It just seems like a random occurrence, but I guess they are there to warn us of impending doom.  If that is their function, then it's really bad luck.  Of course, the dogs are not very good at their job.  They don't bark that much, they don't even seem to have a purpose.  Just standing there.  One of the dogs gets stuck on the guy's head, which leads to the guy to drown
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie's badness goes hand in hand with its badness as a whole. It's just a bad little film. I mean, I know, it's got all the trappings of being a film from the 70s: the costumes, the props, the special effects. It has an over the top plot which is basically about a family that runs into some trouble at the hands of some "space aliens" or "space criminals". It's not a bad story, but I'm not sure if it's the direction or the acting or the music that makes it such a lousy movie. It all just feels very "80s" which I don't like at all. I would rather have seen it directed by someone who knew how to direct, like Brian De Palma or David Lynch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie sucks.  The acting was atrocious and the story was terrible.   I think the only thing redeemable about this movie is that the opening and closing titles were funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very boring and not entertaining movie.   This movie would be far more interesting if it was a comedy and the story had a little more substance to it.  The ending is predictable and completely unsatisfying.  A good movie with a good ending, however, it really has nothing to do with the original story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has nothing to do with anything. There's no actual action, no drama, and the movie is all about the actors being silly, acting stupidly, and talking out of their asses. The movie is only about a guy named Paulie who gets a job as a bouncer at a night club. His job is to serve drinks to people and make sure they have a good time. After he works at the club a woman named Sharon is working there as a waitress. She's a really hot chick and Paulie gets a little close to her. The guy eventually ends up giving Sharon some money for a taxi ride home, but that's when Paulie makes his fatal mistake. When he gets back to his place he decides to go to the bathroom and leaves his keys behind. Sharon has been waiting for Paulie all day and it's now time to make a run for it. She has to run through a crowded club, where lots of people are hanging out. Sharon does a good job of avoiding the bad people, but it's not going to be enough. She runs into the guy who has the key to the club and they have some sort of sex. After they finish they go back to Paulie's place. Sharon then finds out that Paulie has been cheating on her with some girl that he met at the night club! Paulie is then arrested and Sharon is upset. However, Paulie shows her how much better things could have been if he had been a better dancer. The next day he decides it's time for her to get a real job. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is all about a boy who gets an awesome spaceship and he has to save the world.   It was pretty much a kids movie with an adult twist. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been a fan of the late, great George Romero for a very long time now. He's one of the few filmmakers who can write and direct with such an edge, and he was a master at that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is a very, very bad one. A very, bad one that has all the ingredients of bad movie making: bad acting, bad plot, bad dialogue, and a bad, bad script. The plot involves a girl named Sophie who has the misfortune to meet a serial killer (who happens to be a boy) and she goes along with him to a cabin. There she sees his gun and he gives it to her. At the end, she tries to kill herself with a poison needle, but her boyfriend comes to her rescue.   I did like the ending, but it didn't do anything for me. It seemed to me like the whole film was just meant to make Sophie look like a bad girl, and that was all there was to it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I liked this movie. It's a pretty decent, if not good, horror movie. I thought it was a nice little flick that was more of a comedy. I have seen a lot of bad horror movies and this is the one I liked the best. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was expecting something much better from a movie I have never seen before. It wasn't.   This was a bad picture. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A mediocre movie that is not really worth the money it is asking.   It's like a bad version of the TV series "Star Trek: The Next Generation".   The story follows the captain and a young crew member who are stranded on a barren planet.  The plot follows the young man's attempts to survive and the hardships of the environment.  In the second half of the film the story begins to develop as the crewman is forced to work as a laborer on the barren planet and eventually grows into a "man".  It is not a bad story and it does have its share of twists and turns but at the end of the day it is a good "Star Wars" rip off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is not a bad film, it's just a movie with terrible acting, bad dialogue, and bad story.  The script is so poorly written, the actors are so bad, and the story is so bad that even the writer, John Hughes, couldn't make it worse.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is about a small boy named David (Michael J. Fox) who has lived in a big house for most of his life. One day the boy gets a new toy called a "robot". The boy soon finds out that this toy has many bad side effects. I found the robots were a bit too stupid for my taste and the plot was just plain dumb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never heard of the "Junk" movie, but I'll give it a try.  It is a bad film, but it was good in the sense that it made me laugh.    The script is ridiculous, the acting is laughable, the stunts are awful and the action is weak, but that's the point:   To make the film good, you need badness, so the whole film is a bit of a disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this film, a young woman in a loveless marriage with a bad husband leaves her husband and her job to become a prostitute in order to survive.    I have to admit I thought it was a pretty good movie, even if it's hard to watch the sex scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's hard to believe this is the worst movie I've ever seen, but it is. It starts off with a beautiful and peaceful day on the beach with all the good memories of childhood. It is not long before a young boy named David finds an old man and a young girl in the water, and decides to take the girl home with him. He brings her home to his mother and father who are at a loss as to what to do.   The problem is that the parents are old, the daughter is too young, and they have no real idea what to say.  The movie tries to be about the father's struggles with alcoholism, but the whole thing comes across as a bunch of lame jokes, and David is too much of a cartoon to really give us any real insight into the father.  And then the film begins to really get bad. David's father has lost his wife to a car accident years ago and the son finds out about it from a neighbor.  After being left by the neighbors, David and the neighbor find themselves in the woods.  David decides to leave, and when he does, the neighbors try to follow him.  It is at this point that the film becomes the complete opposite of a happy family outing.  When David finds himself alone with the neighbor, David is forced to kill him. At the end of the movie, the neighbor is dead.  This is the final straw for the parents, who have become so far apart that the father can no longer even understand his own son.  A story about two families who find themselves on opposite ends of the spectrum of human experience and a tale of two families coming to terms with their shared tragedy.  This review was originally posted at the excellent film blog Badass Digest
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not a bad film at all.  In fact, I would say it's a really good one.    A nice, solid comedy with a great performance by the lead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this and thought it was really stupid, but then I saw the sequel and thought that the sequel was better.   The story is really stupid and I think the writer just threw some stupid things in there and thought they would be funny, but they really weren't.  I don't know what this movie is supposed to be about but it is really terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good movie about a very bad person.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a terrible movie, but it's a movie and I'll be honest about it: it's one of the most ridiculous, cringeworthy, and downright boring movies I've seen in quite some time. It's also very badly acted. The whole premise is a bunch of guys, one of whom is an evil dictator. One day, he takes a trip to the beach, where he meets a beautiful girl, and his first thought is to kidnap her and take her back to his castle to be his queen. Of course, this leads to a whole series of terrible, silly, pointless events, and ultimately, the movie is a bit like a bad dream.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a sad story about the last days of the old New York City.  The new city had its problems.  A very nice film about the "new" New York.   I would love to see more like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only problem with this movie is that it's just too bad to be good. It's a generic, unoriginal and boring horror movie. It doesn't have the "feel" of a good horror movie at all, because it has none. The movie is a collection of clichés, which are repeated throughout the movie: A guy who is obsessed with a dead woman. A house that he builds, and has it burned down. A dead body that he digs up. The only real thing that this movie has going for it is that there is a character named Dr. Loomis. The character is not very interesting. The main character is a loser, who just does the things that people around him tell him to do. He's a loser because he is a very bad loser. The guy who played him is not that bad either. The director is very good, and he gives a good performance to the lead character, but the movie just has nothing going for itself.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have to admit I don't really like the plot of this movie at all. The whole thing is like a "horseshit" of a movie, it has a stupid "I Love Lucy" plot, it seems like there were a lot of actors that went to make the movie but none of them did a thing. I guess the movie was a total failure because it was only a bad film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script for this is a bit confusing. It does seem to be about a person trying to get out of a bad situation by taking advantage of the fact that there are only three days left in a vacation. This is pretty much the worst idea ever. The three days that are left are the day he goes to the movie theater, the day she visits the hospital, and the day they're leaving.  I'm not sure what's going on here. The movie's not funny, and it's not even really a horror movie.    It's just another piece of crap.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a total rip-off of a Japanese anime.  So much so, that it doesn't look like it was made in the 60's.    There are Japanese characters, but all are played by western actors.  I guess they thought that a lot of the stuff would be easier to convey to a western audience, because they had to do it with Japanese actors. The story is really stupid.  There is a guy who wants to become a real Japanese ninja.  When he is asked to join a secret organization, he says he doesn't like the "war" and that the people he is working with are evil.  The story ends with a bunch of ninja killing each other in a jungle.  This movie is an embarrassment to Japanese film, especially since it is not even in Japanese. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" is the most blatant exploitation film ever made.  It's a movie where the bad guys have their own sets of rules to follow and a good guy has to stand up to them and try to help.  It's not a good movie, but it's pretty funny.   The bad guys are a bunch of bad guys who are trying to steal a fortune in gold from a bank vault.  It's not hard to guess why they're trying to get the gold, because they're a bunch  of   bandits and   they're bad guys.  They're also trying to escape a jailbreak and are a bit crazy.  The good guy is a former soldier who was blinded in a battle and is trying to take revenge on his attackers.  He's also got a wife and a kid.  This is the third movie in a row to make fun of the Vietnam war and this time the bad guy is not the Vietcong, but the bad government and their soldiers.  There are several jokes about the government being corrupt, but most of the jokes are about the American military being corrupt and not caring about the lives of Vietnamese people.  One scene in particular, which happens in a prison, where the soldiers are all laughing about how the Viet Cong are really a bunch of crazy old ladies.  Another thing the movie does is to show the government's evil plans and how they are trying make an end to the Vietnam War.  Here are a few of them:   1.  In the prison, the Viet Minh are having a celebration and have a big party.    The Americans have been captured by the Vietminh.  When the VietMinh take them back to their country, they are being kept as slaves.  2.  After the VietCong capture an American helicopter, they blow it up.  3.  Then, the Americans are captured by an enemy submarine.  4.  Finally, they end up in a swamp where the VietNam are hiding out.  5.  All of these events are used as the background to the movie.  I would not have watched this movie if I didn't know about the Vietnam conflict.  If you're interested in seeing a bad war movie, you could do a lot worse than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know what happened to a film like this. The opening scene of a little boy on the beach, in the middle of a sandstorm, has a bit of a tinge of the macabre about it. Then, at the end, it turns out that the beach was the real beach. And that, if the film has any meaning, is the end of it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have to say this movie is absolutely terrible. I've seen some good ones but this one just flat out sucks. The characters are so shallow and it's just hard to get into this one. I hate how they are all stuck in a cabin and that there is a cat. It just makes it all the more stupid and depressing.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film has a great premise and a great cast. However, it's just so poorly written, that it's hard to take the film seriously.   I would have liked to see a more serious and intelligent version of this story, as opposed to the typical campiness, bad acting, and cheap production values. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has nothing to do with its title. The movie is a bunch of poorly acted and staged scenes of people fighting each other for no good reason. This is a movie that is designed to amuse its audience, to make them laugh at the foolishness of people who don't realize they are doing a stupid thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What the movie does is that it takes a story about a family who lives in a small town and changes everything in the name of "fantasy". This movie is basically about a boy who is bullied by a little girl (who is not only a horrible actress but also a terrible actress). This movie doesn't even try to be funny, so you are supposed to laugh at the little girl's jokes, which are so stupid and nonsensical that they only make the movie worse.   It also fails in its attempt to be realistic, as the parents and little boy are so much alike, that they are just trying to be similar. I also found it strange that there was an elephant in the house when it was supposed to be the boy's parents who are like elephants. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a bad film. It's boring and it's poorly acted. The only thing that this movie does well is the music. It sounds very good, it has a very relaxing, calming effect, but it's a very bad film and if you haven't seen it before, then you should not waste your time watching it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad film. It is not even a bad comedy. It has nothing to do with comedy. The acting is weak. There is no humour in it. It lacks substance. It takes too long to get to the point. It gets dull and boring fast. The only reason to watch it is to see what happened to James Dean's face.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had heard of this before, but didn't know what to expect. I was surprised when I saw it, I had not heard of it before, or even that it existed. The film is based on a novel by L.P. Hartley, and is one of the best I have ever seen. The story was excellent and a few times I felt like I was in the middle of a suspenseful movie. The acting was fantastic and I never once felt bored. It's a shame that there is only one more movie in the series to come. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love this movie. It's like a weird mashup between "Back to the Future" and "Gremlins". It's not just silly. It is also weird. The movie is really dark, but it never seems to be over. It doesn't really have a clear beginning or end. It could have been better. But the story is still pretty good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was my first time seeing this movie and I loved it. It's a comedy but not a very good one. The acting was OK, but I would prefer a little more than a couple of lines here and there.  I also felt like I was missing out on a lot of funny stuff. I mean, you have the usual guy who is a comedian and a teacher. I also liked the whole "tired man" joke. And the ending was hilarious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the movie that got me hooked on bad movies.    The plot:  The film is a low-budget, low-quality effort from the likes of David Cronenberg, directed by a former horror fan who apparently only wants to show how much he knows.  This guy is a terrible director, who thinks that a bad joke is better than a good movie, and I really can't wait to see him try to make a good film.  The acting is pathetic:  We have Michael Cera as an average Joe who is married to a bad-looking woman who is so unattractive that the audience is just waiting to see her die.  We then have a couple of other people who are even worse than Michael C. and who are also pretty much always getting raped and killed by some dude who never seems to have a plan, and whose only intention seems to be to cause as much mayhem as possible.  They then get to be married to two guys who are both extremely annoying and are both in love with a woman who, in spite of being incredibly attractive, is completely oblivious to her husband's problems, and has been a constant thorn in his side throughout the film. So far, this is a bad, bad movie.  It's not really bad at all, but there are a few moments where it feels like it's just running out of ideas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is one of those awful movies where the director is either drunk or stupid. This movie has so much bad dialogue and bad acting, it's as if they were writing a story on a napkin. There are many bad jokes and bad scenes, but at least it's funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a very bad movie. It is really hard to believe that there are people who watch this and still have a job to do. I have watched a few of these and I am not impressed at all. It has very little to do with the movie that is about the space program. The actors are terrible and the script is just lame. It makes no sense whatsoever. The movie does have some great scenes but they are not in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    - I have seen some bad films, but not this.   What is with the name?   If you like bad movies, I think you might like this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst horror films I've seen.   There are a number of scenes in this movie that have a real bad vibe.  If you've never seen a movie with a killer doll (with a human face) then you're in for a real treat.  In a nutshell, there is a woman who's husband is dead. He left the house a week or so ago, to return from a trip. The wife goes to visit her husband and finds him dead. It's been a long time since he left, and she's trying to piece together what happened. She then goes to see a local psychic who tells her she'll see her husband again. She goes back to her husband's house. He's still in his coffin. She climbs in, and sees her husband. She freaks out and runs out the door, and out of the house. The movie then cuts to a black and white picture of the woman in her coffin.  I had a similar feeling when I saw this movie. It was creepy and there was no way out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the worst part about the movie is that it's really hard to watch.  You have the typical zombie-like characters who are just plain mean, not in a bad way.    The acting is awful.  It seems like everyone's trying to be funny, but it just doesn't work.  You know you're watching a bad zombie movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is all over the place. It's all over with a lot of bad acting, bad special effects, bad sets, and an even worse plot. The whole movie was over before it began, so I can only give it 3 out of 10.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    - It is like the film is trying to be both a comedy and a tragedy at the same time.   The story is very confusing and the ending is unsatisfying.  - This movie is not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is awful. The story is not original and the characters are stupid and annoying. There is a very small amount of nudity and it is so bad, so bad it is funny.   I am going to put this on the top ten worst movies of all time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was in college in the 70's. It was a very different time then. There were no MTV's, MTV2, MTV3, MTV4, MTV5, MTV6, MTV7, MTV8, MTV9. There was only MTV. It did a great job at making teens cool and hip. I watched it on VHS at least 5 times in a row in the late 80's. I remember the girl on the show, Mariah Carey, was hot as hell. She looked like she was in her 30's. That show was amazing. I wish I could watch it all over again. I guess it's just the same thing over and over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  We all know that there's not much to love about The Walking Dead, but it's also a terrible movie and so I'm going to say something positive about it: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure what made me so mad about this movie.  Somehow, the actors were not very convincing, which was a pity since I had a lot of fun watching them do what they were told to do.    I'm not a big fan of these kinds of films, but this one made me laugh, and I'm happy I was able to see this in a theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that a kid watches when he's bored. The acting is pretty bad. I was surprised by how bad the acting was. There was one character that I thought had a little bit of acting ability. There is a really long scene where they are on a mission. There's a long line of bad guys with no guns. This kid gets shot by a sniper. There are a bunch of other bad guys, but it seems to be all the same guys. I didn't like this movie at all. The only thing I did like about it was the fact that the movie was made by kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't stand this movie! It's about a guy who thinks he's the smartest person in the world and doesn't know it. The movie is a big joke with no punchline. It's a very bad film and should be avoided by anyone with a sense of humor.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love this movie.   It's like a movie where all the characters have a common goal: get a job.  There are a couple of minor characters that I find annoying.  One of them has an annoying accent and it drives me crazy.  I didn't understand a word he said.  He's like one of those guys that I used to have in high school that would go on about the importance of education and how the students are the future of America.  This movie is about all the other things that go on in life.  It has an excellent score by Jerry Goldsmith. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you don't mind some very weird and even downright funny sequences, you can't go wrong with this one.   This is one of those movies that I could easily watch over and over again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is all about the characters and their lives. There's nothing to say about it, except that it was poorly made and poorly acted.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a joke this movie is. The lead actor is an idiot, and so are the other actors, all of whom are trying to sell this movie by using the word "awesome" in their dialogues. And, boy, it really is awesome. I have seen other action movies that were just as bad, but I have never seen a movie so bad that it actually makes me wish that someone would write a negative book about it.   I do have to give this movie credit though, for the effects. They are very realistic, and they work very well. I actually liked the way they used a very large tank as the set, it made for some pretty spectacular action.   the only reason I didn't give this a 4 or 5 star rating is because it does start off a bit slow. It doesn't really get going until the second act, but it gets going well enough, especially in the first act. The rest of the movie is a bit of a mess. The first act is just boring, the second is pretty decent, and the third and fourth acts are pretty much just boring too. There is some decent fight scenes, and some really cool explosions, but there are far too many stupid sequences to get me to care about them. I really don't get why the director is trying to make a comedy out of this movie. It is not funny, it is just plain stupid.   (hide spoiler)   That is not to say that it is a bad film. It's not, but the movie as a whole just doesn't work very good. I liked it at first, and then I hated it. I do enjoy the first two acts, but by the third act I am completely bored, and I just wish that they would cut the movie out.   a very funny movie about a tank that fights sharks... and a huge flying shark.The lead actor in this movie, Ben Affleck, is really a great actor, and he does a great job playing the character of "Corky". This movie, to me, is like a parody of the action movies of the 70's and 80's, and it has a lot of the same elements as those movies. There are some really funny sequences and some cool effects, but, ultimately, this movie just doesn`t work. This movie has no real story, and its characters are not very good, and, for that reason, it has to be rated low.The
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A fun movie that never got a good rating, it does not have much of a story, and the special effects are awful.  I thought it was a fun movie, but I have to say I don't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie as a little kid and I loved it! I remember the story, the characters, and the humor.  The acting was okay but I don't know why this movie is so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this movie as a kid and I remember hating the characters. I hate the movie for the same reason I hate all bad movies: it is stupid and over-long.   The movie starts off with the main character, a man named Jack who is a carpenter. He has two kids, a girl named Sue and a boy named Bill. Sue is a sweet girl but Bill is a mean boy. When Sue and Bill are about to get married, Sue's dad, the King, is in town and asks Jack to build a room for him to stay in while he's away. Jack agrees and then goes to see the King and he gets a room, however, it is the worst room ever. The walls are covered with fake flowers, the floor is made of cement, and there are even two bathrooms inside the room. The King says to Jack that he'll never have to see this room ever again. That's right.  The room is haunted by a little boy named Michael who is also called Michael the Child. Michael's mother was murdered by the King who was jealous of his mother. Michael runs around the house and gets into fights with the children. When he's fighting with Sue and her son Bill, Sue takes her little brother out to play with him. When Bill and Michael are fighting, Sue accidentally gets hit by Michael. She is left with a broken leg. When she sees Michael running around the King's house, she realizes he must be her brother.  The only way to solve this case is to go on a quest to find Michael the child who has gone on a rampage through the house.  The journey Jack takes is filled with crazy, horrible and sad things. He goes into the King home to find the room is filled full of fake flowers. This leads to him going in and out of a bathroom where there are real flowers growing. Then Jack finds a room that is full of cement. After that, the whole movie turns into a weird horror movie. The movie then ends with Jack in a hospital and there's a shot of the camera going through a wall and all of a sudden Jack is back in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a mess of a movie. It's the first time I ever had a bad film so I can't really say how bad this is. It felt like watching a bad bad movie with a bad actor playing bad characters. This movie is only entertaining to me if you like bad bad movies. I was expecting more out of it than what I got.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was a little disappointed with this film, the actors were really not that great, but I still like the story. The movie starts off with an Indian man that was born in the same village as the main characters. He works at the same job as the guys who killed his wife and kids, he's good at his job, but that's about all he's ever done, his life is very hard. This movie doesn't focus on him at all, it doesn't really show anything about him, he has no friends or family, so he spends most of his time at the park, hanging out with his friend Mr. Reddy. One day he's out drinking with Mr. Blue who just so happens to be the man who killed and raped his wife. He kills Mr.Blue in a fit of rage. They both die at the scene. The guy in the car behind them says they're the same guy, he was the one who shot and killed his own family. The cops show up and arrest the guy, but when they ask for his ID they see that he is actually the same Indian guy that killed his family. This leads them to believe he is the real killer and he goes on a rampage through the town, killing and raping all the women. It is really sad to see how this guy will use his position to get what he wants, just like he did to his family!   The story was pretty bad, I thought it was just going to be a good, fun movie but it ended up being very, very, depressing.   It was just too depressing to watch, it didn't really even feel like a horror movie, it just felt like a movie that was made in the 1950's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was disappointed with this movie and it was all too predictable. The characters are all in their 40s and all of them are dying of cancer, but they don't die in a heroic way like in the movies, no, they die in the predictable way that you would expect a cancer patient to die.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is awful. It has a lot of good things going for it but nothing that's worth spending the time on. It's pretty bad. If you're a fan of the Alien series, you might enjoy it. If not, you're going to feel pretty bad afterwards. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I thought it was going to be great until it started. There was some action, some gore, and some nice sound effects. But it just never really got going.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "It was a good idea.  It wasn't a good movie."  I can see why so many people liked it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A really bad movie. I mean REALLY bad. It was bad enough to make me want to skip it and go to the next one. It is basically a bunch of people (including the protagonist) in a bar trying to convince a group of guys to do some sort of sex act. They all have their little problems, the most notable of which is that they are all "dicks" and all of them are in it together.   The sex scenes are the worst part of the movie.  It seems to me that a lot of the acting in this movie is done by the same person.  I mean, the dude in the yellow shirt is not that good, is he? He's kind of annoying, but he is in it a few times. The others are not that bad, but not good either.  The guy who plays the "skeleton" is really annoying.  He says the most horrible things, like "that's why I like to fuck you in the ass so bad". I'm not sure if he's actually saying that or if he is trying to make people laugh at the stupidity of his own actions.  This movie is a real rip off of the "Stick a Fork in It" movie. Not only is this movie made by the director of that movie, but it also is a sequel to that movie. The only good thing about it is that it has a few of the same characters as the movie "Sticky a Fork In It".   I would not recommend this movie. It really sucks.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a terrible movie!   I hate this movie! It's bad. It's terrible.   It's so bad, that I'm going to be on this review for hours!  There are some terrible things that happen in this movie. The bad part is that it starts out with this guy walking out of his home to his car. The door opens and he's looking at the road and then it cuts to a woman who is screaming. She's trying to open the door, but she can't. The woman says that her brother was killed.  The woman starts to cry, but the man doesn't look at her. He goes into his house and he opens the door and there's a woman laying in the floor.  Her eyes are open.  She's in the middle of her living room and her husband is standing over her with a gun.  It cuts to this woman's husband and the woman's sister, and the man looks like he's on drugs.  He's not looking at her, he's trying not to look at his wife.  I'm not sure if I'm supposed to feel bad for him, but I sure don't.  That's the worst part about this movie: that the man has no problem killing this woman.  You'd think that he would be ashamed of what he's done, but he's not.  At the end of the movie the man goes to the police station and tells them what happened.  Apparently the police found out about it because the wife's brother has a gun and he shoots the woman. He gets arrested for it.  This movie is horrible and it's really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A boring story with a terrible ending.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was so glad to see this movie, and so excited to see it come to a theater near me. I'd say it was a very good movie.   The movie starts off pretty good.  It's not a very exciting movie by any means.  But as it's going along, it does have some good scenes.  There are a couple of really good fight scenes in this movie. There's a scene where a guy is trying to run away from a bunch of cops, and they're chasing him down and trying to catch him.  The cops get a hold of him, and when they do, the guy manages to get away.  They follow him into a store and then to a bar.  At the bar, they find out that the guy is actually a guy named George and his brother.  This is one of those movies where they make you believe that people really are that stupid.  I liked this guy a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a movie that will be remembered for a long time. It's a good time with a lot of funny jokes. The main actor is good at getting a laugh. The movie is also very well made.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget but highly entertaining movie.  I don't like the movie very much, but I can see why this movie made such a lot of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen a movie this bad before.  This is the most boring, flat, stupid movie I've ever seen.    It is so bad I can't believe they even tried to make it good, it is so boring and stupid it would make a bad person want to kill themselves.  I am ashamed to say I've watched this movie twice now,   I have to stop watching this crap.  My brother is very angry about this movie,  and I feel bad for him.  This movie is so stupid it makes my head hurt.  It's bad enough the movie doesn't have any action.  In fact the action isn't even that great.  The only thing that is really happening is the guy is in a cage with a snake.  If you want to watch something funny,  you should watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The most annoying part about this movie is how the bad guys have to "work" in the first act. They must get from place to place (in the desert) and there's no "hero" who can just jump out of the desert and save the day. It's like a cartoon.   It's about a group of mercenaries that go out into the desert to rescue a man.    In the end, they do rescue him. But by then, the guy has already been shot by the bad guy.  The movie is about a bunch of mercenaries who go out to rescue the guy, and the bad things that happen as they go out.  It really sucks the movie right out of your face and makes you want to vomit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen a lot of crappy movies, but this one has the distinction of being one of the worst I've seen. It's bad enough that I actually watched it twice, which I never do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie that could have been made a hundred times better if it had just been directed by a competent filmmaker, and it would still be a very entertaining movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not bad. It's not good. It just is. I really wish it was a lot better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most obvious thing about this movie is the fact that it is made by the same company that made the first one. I found this one to be very entertaining, with a lot of funny and witty moments and a lot more action than the first film. It's also got a pretty cool soundtrack.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was going to give it a low rating, but it's just too bad to be good. The actors are all just awful, and the movie is so bad I was left with no hope of the film ever being made again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie in my collection. I've seen this movie more times than I can count, but it's never a good one.       A very tired, very cheesy movie with one of the most terrible acting performances I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not that I don't like it, but that I am not a fan of the movie.  I have never liked the story, even in the movies where it was done with a good plot, I didn't care for it in this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't know by now that this movie is full of errors, and in some cases, blatant lies, then you need to see it again before you say you saw it the first time.  The first thing you notice is the dialogue.  It is so bad, it is not funny, it's just bad.    It makes the first part of the film look like a movie by  Woody Allen.   But this is the second time this film has been released.  And like all the others, it has made its way onto this list.  I found it funny, and it certainly is funny in parts, but the rest is just not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's one of those bad movies where there's really nothing to do with it except to have some fun.  But it's not funny.   Just annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not a huge fan of these sort of horror movies, they're usually a bunch of bad actors and terrible sets. I'm glad the actors are there but it is all bad. The camera work is so awful. The director should get a good education in cinema.   The best part is when the camera is out of the frame, we get a real look at what's going on in the scene. I thought it was a real masterpiece. I liked it when it was in black and white, I like it now.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a really stupid movie, a bad sequel to a bad book and it is just not worth a single penny.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. I have not laughed so hard in years. The story is awful.  It is set in a small town where the town is ruled by a family of evil and evil people.  The kids in the film are the worst.  I loved it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story has a lot of good elements: it's an old-fashioned adventure story, a well-made and well-acted one; and it's got a good heroine who does a lot right, even if she does it a little too well at times. The problem is that she doesn't really have to do much. The plot revolves around a young man who wants to become a famous writer, and he has to fight a series of battles against some very tough and clever enemies. And then the hero gets captured by an evil witch who makes him write a book. It's all pretty standard fantasy fare, but it works fine. But there's one thing that makes this story so disappointing: it isn't a good movie. The movie begins with a rather lengthy sequence showing the heroine's adventures and the villain's attempts to capture her, then it suddenly stops and the movie skips to the end of the sequence. I don't know what the problem is, but the film does not get much better in the last third. It is not just that the villain has a few more tricks up his sleeve, but that the hero's adventures get interrupted too often. And I don.t know why. It isn't like the movie had much to do in the middle, but then it doesn't either. The whole thing becomes more and more like a tedious soap opera.   There are a couple of other minor problems: it has some nice scenery and some decent special effects, but they are nothing special.   The music is a little more upbeat than I would have liked, but there is nothing wrong with it.   a few other thoughts: -I found it interesting to see how this film has a similar premise to the old "Dances With Wolves" series of books. -I really don't like how much the heroine is forced into doing and how little she has to do.   -I'm pretty sure this movie was made in the 1970's, not in the 1960's. -If this film had had an English title, it would have been "A Boy and His Bear". The subtitle in the film would have just been "The Boy and the Bear", but the title is a bit of a misnomer. It wouldn't make sense to me, but I'm not a linguist.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 30 minutes of this movie are amazing, but then you get the first bad part and you can't get out of it.  I found it difficult to get through to the end, and then the ending is so lame that it's like a movie about an old man's house being torn down.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I loved this movie, but the story line was not all that good.   The first half of the movie is about a woman named Elle (played by a young Linda Blair).   She is trying to make a living as a nurse, and is looking for a man to help her with the work.  One day, she sees a man named Jack (played and directed by a then-unknown Robert Loggia) standing in the bushes outside of her apartment. She approaches him, and he offers to help, but she refuses. He tells her that she has to be good. He also tells her about a man who has the ability to turn people into his servants. Elle then realizes that she is in love with Jack.  Jack agrees to help Elle and he is given the job of helping her take care of her new husband, Henry (played now by George Clooney), who has come back from World War II to live in her apartment complex.    The movie does not really explain what Elle's job is. There is a brief mention that she works with the homeless, but this is pretty much it.  What is shown is Jack's bad temper, and his tendency to do and say horrible things.  Jack seems to be able to turn any man or woman into his servant.  He then turns Elle into his own servant and takes over all of her housework.  Henry, on the other hand, seems to like Elle.  His sister is married and has been with him since he was a child.  She has left her husband and gone to live with Elle because she can't bear to be around him any longer.  There are several scenes where Elle is in a state of anger at Jack. She is unable to control her anger.  Her temper is such that she almost kills Jack. I also found it strange that she would marry Henry, because Henry is only good at one thing: sex.  The story is also confusing. I do not get why Jack and Elle are so in love.  I think this movie would be much better if it was not so sexually explicit.  "Jack the Ripper" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie with a bad story about an annoying person who can't stay away from people and makes the movie about him. He's a complete loser who can barely say a few words and can't act. He also does a very bad impression of an old man. The acting is also bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is a rip-off of The Wild One.   It was a very poorly written movie.  The plot is basically that a woman is raped, then she has an abortion.  And there are some very funny parts.  It has a very generic plot and is filled with clichés. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am a film fanatic, so I watched the film several times over, but the plot never got any better, or more boring. I am not a big fan of the supernatural in films, but there are some creepy scenes and I thought that was interesting. The sound is not so great either, but that is to be expected from a film of this type. The only good thing about this film is the music, which is done by a British band called The Verve.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible movie. It is a good movie but this is a very bad movie. The acting is so bad and I can't get over it. The story is horrible and the characters are awful. The music is terrible and not funny at all.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to give this movie a C+, but I was too busy watching the kids.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has no redeeming features.   It's a bad sequel to a bad TV show and even worse than that, it's a crappy remake.  The original series was created by the same person, but this movie is based on a new series.  It has been retold many times, but in a way that doesn't add any new information to the story.  If you're an old-school Star Trek fan like me, you're probably disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the world of the zombie apocalypse, zombies are the norm, so it makes sense that people will look for ways to kill off the undead before the end of the world comes.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is the most annoying film I have ever seen.  There are no funny scenes, no funny jokes, and most of the jokes are completely predictable.    If you have a low self esteem and you have ever been to a party where the host keeps telling you to laugh at his jokes then this is the film for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has so much potential.  The plot is interesting.    They show the effects of nuclear testing and the radioactive fallout on the environment.  "What's up?  What's a bad idea?   What's a good idea?"   The plot could have been done much better and it never quite reaches that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A terrible movie about a really bad person.   The acting was terrible and the whole movie was about a family who lives in the woods.  The whole movie is about how bad the parents are.  The only thing that made me like the movie was that they kept on having sex with each other and having sex in the house. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I think that's an understatement. It's like watching someone throw a rock through a window and then run away. I had to sit through this horrible movie over and over and it was awful. It was awful and I hate it!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think this is one of those movies that is not only good for a laugh, but also a very entertaining watch.   There are so many funny and stupid things that happen throughout the movie.  I don't think this movie was ever made for the adults or people who just want to see a good time, but it would make a great party movie for a couple of kids or kids at heart. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a fan of movies with this title. It was a bad film. The actors were terrible. The dialogue was awful. The director was a little to lazy to be a director. The script was a complete mess. The acting was awful, and the acting in a bad way. I wish I could have hated this movie more. It wasn't that bad, but it's a waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I have to tell you that I don't like the movie very much, and I don' like the film, and so on, but it is still a movie." - Christopher Hooton "This is a film about a bunch of young people who were doing something wrong. That is, they were getting drunk, playing pranks on each other, getting into a little trouble and not getting caught. It's pretty clear that they don't care about what the people think, and they don' give a crap about the consequences. And they were the kind of kids who were out of control. They had no idea what they were doing, but the fact that they were out there drinking and doing stuff to each other meant that they weren't just messing around. There was a lot of fighting, and a lot getting into trouble. The kids did some real dumb things, and some really dumb things were done to them. But what made this film is the idea that the guys would hang out together, drink and do drugs. The movie does have a pretty good theme, and that is what the movie was about." - Peter Marks "I really don't want to get into a long-winded review of a bad film, so I'll simply say that it is a bad picture, and it is one that will probably go down in history as a classic. The characters are a bad combination, the plot is lame, the music is bad, and the dialogue is just terrible. This film will make you angry and it will probably make you feel sick, and maybe that's just what it's supposed to do. I'm not sure that it's going to have a long life in the public eye." - David Strayer "A film of low quality, low value, and bad acting. It just doesn't deserve a place in our lives." - Steve M. "What a horrible movie! The film has a lot to say, but is not saying it well. There are some good parts of the movie, but a lot more bad. I just can't believe they were so careless with the money and so irresponsible with the lives of the actors. It is a real shame that so many young lives were ruined over a bunch in a bar." - Paul W. "I can't recommend this film to anyone who wants to get drunk and have fun. It was not only one of the worst movies I have ever seen, but one of my favorites. This is a great
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a huge train wreck.  The plot is nothing but ridiculous nonsense, and the acting is laughable.    I would like to see a sequel to this terrible movie, as it is really not very funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that could be better than it is.  The film was well made but the movie has very little story and does not develop much character.   It was not that the film was bad but I felt that it did not have the depth or the quality that I would have expected for a movie made by the same guy who made The Lost Boys.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a terrible waste of time. It takes a lot of time to get to where it wants to go. The actors who play the bad guys are not very good, but that's not really the point of the movie. The movie is about the love triangle between two women: a lesbian couple who are very in love. They are both very young, but the lesbian is more mature than the other woman, which is why she's getting the boy's attention. The lesbian is a bit of a flirt, so she plays tricks on her partner, the straight woman. When her partner gets upset, she throws a big rock at him. Then, the boy gets the rock and, as it rolls across the street, it breaks into two pieces, and he picks up one piece, and tosses it at the lesbian. He picks up the other piece, throws it at her and kicks her. Then he runs out of the house with the rock. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only good thing about this movie is the movie poster which is really cool. The rest is just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you haven't seen this film you should go and see it right now.   It's an absolute piece of shit, and it will be a terrible shame to see it go the way it is going. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this movie several times and never got into it. I'm sure there are plenty of people who will get into it, but I can't. The plot is completely pointless. There is nothing happening. The characters are so annoying. The lead male is so annoying, but the lead female has no personality. The ending of the movie was so awful. The movie should not have been made.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't find anything interesting in this film.   The acting was atrocious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an overpriced, poorly-written movie.   The only thing worse than the fact that this is a movie is the fact this is being made into a TV show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The best thing about this movie is the acting.  It's so good I think they would have done it better with actors that could actually act.    This movie has been done to death and I don't see why anyone should have to do it over and over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It starts out as a good thing, a story about a young boy who is very good at riding a bike and he gets hit by a car. The boy is taken to the hospital where he gets a visit from his mother and her husband. He tells his story and shows how he is doing. But after the story is over, the mother and the husband take their son away to do something that is not very good, it is a very bad movie and there is not a lot of humor in it. It is all a lot to make up for the bad story.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a disappointment   It was a terrible movie and the acting was awful   The only good thing about it is the story and the idea that a group of people are able to do a bad job at a bad time  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a blatant rip off of the 1980's film, "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory."   I've never liked the movie, I've always disliked the film.   The film is very poorly directed.  This is a film that was made to give children nightmares.  The movie doesn't tell the story of the candy bar. Instead it tells a story about a man who has a wish that comes true.  It seems that the writer and director had no clue about how to make a good movie.  They didn't even think to hire a real storyteller, they hired someone to talk and act like a storytellers.  I hate the ending.  There is a point in the film when a character says "I wish I could have the whole movie, and I wish I had been a kid once."  Why do you have to make the audience watch a film like this, it is awful!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love the movie  !   The story is great and I found myself thinking of the scene when the little boy says that "the world is a big place" when we first see him.   It's a funny movie that I would like to watch again at some point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A low-budget, poorly-written, hacky action movie, that is also an abomination of a story.   What I expected was some interesting character study and a story that wasn't so silly as to be laughable.  What happened was a lot of boring, pointless, plot development that did nothing to advance the story. A guy is running away from the cops and ends up fighting a man who has a long knife in his hand and is chasing him. The guy runs off, and the guy pulls out his long knife and cuts the guy's hand off.  It is an interesting idea, and could have been interesting.  I guess the problem is that there was so much wasted time in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say I was expecting more from this movie. I loved the first movie and I was really looking forward to seeing this one. Unfortunately, it was more like a second-rate movie than anything. I did enjoy the action a little bit, and I guess it would have been better if the movie had more to it. I guess the movie could have been more entertaining if it was a little more in depth, but then it was just a little action movie, so I guess I'm not too mad. I liked the actors and they did their best.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is terrible. I could not even believe it until I actually saw it. It has a very bad acting, the writing is not very good, the characters are completely annoying.   The worst thing about this movie is that the music is not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I like this movie, but its not really good. Its kind of boring.   Its pretty much just the main character, who has to save the planet from a giant alien and his army of bugs and robots.  It's not bad, it's not great either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies where it's obvious the directors were not at all concerned with telling a good story.  It's just a bunch of people going on a road trip, killing time by killing people.    It's like the people who write this movie are either mentally retarded or have been smoking crack for a while.  It's about three guys from the desert.  One of them is a bad ass.  The other two are idiots.  This is a dumb movie.  If you're going to watch this movie, make sure you are ready to laugh.  I don't recommend this movie to anyone who has any sense of humor.  It has no redeeming qualities. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is not much to say about this movie.  A bunch of kids ride a bus into town and they meet a bunch of weird people and go to a weird place.  If you like this kind of movie: This is a fun little movie about a bunch who meet a weird guy who helps them get to the "real world" by getting them to be the best in their class. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this is a very interesting film, with a lot of interesting themes, but the performances are just not very good.  The main character is quite irritating, but I guess that's to be expected, because the other characters are so much more interesting.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was a good idea at first, but then they had to come up with a reason for the alien to be alive in the first place. The movie was not bad at all, but I don't know why the director thinks it is a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can not find a reason to love this movie. A very bad movie.   A little bit of an adventure and a little bit more of a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There's a good scene where a man in a suit tells a guy to get out of the way of an oncoming bus so that he can get the door open so that the other guy can pass through. It doesn't really work.   I've heard that some people in the cast are actually homeless. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have nothing bad to say about this movie.   It was okay, not great, but okay.  There were two good parts to this movie: the first was the opening sequence, which was funny and well done.  The second good part was the last two scenes, which were funny.  I think the only reason this movie is not rated higher is that there was nothing really funny about it, and the story was a little cliche. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been looking forward to this movie ever since the first trailer came out, it's basically just a bunch of people in a house doing drugs. The only thing that is different is that it has a black person playing the lead role. There's some kind of crazy science going on here, it might be cool if they actually tried to get the science correct but the science just doesn't hold up. The best thing about this movie is the dialogue, they sound like they are having fun and it's hilarious when they start talking about the effects of marijuana. I'm not sure what the point of the movie is but I hope it's a little more entertaining than that.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete and utter disappointment. It is a bad sequel to a bad film, and it is a terrible movie to boot. There is not a single scene in this movie that makes me want to see it again. It has a great concept, and a great cast of characters. The cast has a really great chemistry, but they don't get much time together. The acting in this is really terrible. The only actor who I liked in this was Jeff Goldblum. The rest were pretty bad. This was a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie of all time!   It is like a nightmare in slow motion!  It was all so bad and horrible.   This movie had the worst acting in the history of movies!  I mean, you would think a guy with a limp would be better at acting!  If I could have been there I would have killed him with a baseball bat.  The acting was all horrible!  But then, I mean... I guess that is what happens when you put a bunch of people with little talent together.  I just hope that the guy who played the guy that said "you can't get to heaven if you're not born there" got into some real trouble for this one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is not only terrible but so stupid that I can't even describe it. It's not bad because of the actors but because of everything else, everything is wrong and stupid. A poor little man named Mike (played by a really old guy) who has a lot of problems. He has problems with his wife (played with great old acting) and his brother, who is a big loser. And, of course, his father is a bad father, and his mother (played much younger than she should be) has a bad heart. And his mommy is a good mom, so she is going to do a good job as a good little wife. And of course his big sister is a great little sister who is going too good. But, you see, her husband has a good heart and Mike is going all over to get her. So, the movie is stupid, and I have a hard time believing that anyone can take the time to make this kind of movie. I have to admit that I was a little disappointed with the ending. It was stupid and not the kind of ending I wanted. But I suppose that is the way it was intended to be.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is just a bad one, and that's a shame because there's so much to love about it.   I found myself laughing a lot more than I expected to, even though it was a really funny movie.  I would love to see the full cast in this movie because the movie has some great performances by these two.  There's a lot to like about this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate this movie. I hate every fucking thing about it. The first few minutes are hilarious. You've got a guy who's got a big ass dick, a huge chest, and the most amazing butt on the planet. But that's the problem, his butt is a big fucking ass. You can't see past it. And that's when the movie becomes painfully unfunny. By the time they get to the big butt, you're ready to get out. It's a huge pain in the ass to sit through. I'm glad I saw it because I've got to say, I'm not impressed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is bad, the actors are bad, and the script is bad. It's a poor, poorly made movie that has no point. The bad acting is in no small part due to the bad script, which is filled with ridiculous situations that have no place in a film. The plot is just a waste of time and a terrible bore.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie that has been made to entertain children and adults, it fails miserably at both and the movie makers could have used a bit more effort with the story and a bit less of the "horrible" humour. It's just plain stupid, and a pity it's not a comedy, like The Adventures of Pluto Nash it would be a good idea for a kids show. It doesn't make a lot of sense and is full of stupid dialogue, and all of this is combined with an awful story.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't even want to say that I hated this movie.   It was just not that good of a movie. The actors and director didn't do a very good job at all.  I liked it more than I liked most of the movies in the "Dark Age" series.  It seems to me like the director was bored and decided to make a movie in which he could play a character called "The Red".  It's a pretty bad guy who has a good set of skills.  The acting is really bad.  Even the most stupid actors in Hollywood were better than this guy.  But the director has a really bad eye for comedy.  He knows how to make the bad guys even more funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The ending was awful.  There's nothing wrong with the ending, and the film does have a good script.    But the ending is a complete disaster.  And the acting is just awful.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was expecting a lot more from a film which was supposed to be the beginning of a great American career, but it was just a boring story with a bland protagonist.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The "Million Dollar Baby" is a bad baby movie, so bad, it's hilarious. I don't even know where to begin. I have seen worse. It's got a plot so bad that it makes a good plot look like a good movie. It starts off with a scene in a hotel room, where two women are having sex, and the two women in question are played by a hot blonde and a pretty brunette. The blonde is in the bed with her man, and her man is watching her. She's on the phone with a male friend, who is there in the room with her. The phone call ends with the guy saying "I love you, baby," to the blonde, and then she goes back to having sex with her friend. This all leads up to the next scene, where the blonde's friend comes in, gets a drink, and is in her room when she hears the blonde call her back. So now the girl is alone in the hotel room with a man who is in a bed with a woman. The girl's friend goes into the bathroom, and when she comes out, she sees the man with a girl in a shower. She goes to get a towel, and finds the blonde in the shower. The two girls get into a wrestling match, and at the end of it, the girl's boyfriend is beaten and bruised. So the girl goes to see her boyfriend, and they end up having sex. It is a pretty short movie, but it is not worth the time of anyone. It has been said that it has something to do with the idea of "sex and the City," and that is about it. I give it a 1 out of 10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a young boy who is going to the zoo. When he gets there, he notices the lioness has been killed.  She was killed by a car.  He goes to the police, but they don't care.  The police try to get him arrested, but the boy can't go.  They go to the king of the monkeys, who says he has a plan to save the king and the boy.  And then the king gets shot and the plan fails.  Oh well.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really enjoyed the movie.   This movie is based on a true story about a man who killed his own son.  I found this to be a very sad story.  The story is told by two very different people, one is a woman who has no interest in her husband.  This is very tragic.  Another woman, has been left with a terrible son and is trying to do what she can.  At the end of the story, I did not feel bad for the mother or the son. I felt bad for their mother, but I felt nothing for the son either.  In fact, I was surprised by the lack of sadness in this movie. This is a tragic story and the story is sad and very sad.  It is not a good movie but it is a good story and is good for a sad time in our lives.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't really like this movie and I'm sure many others who like horror movies didn't like it either.   This movie is a direct rip off of the remake of the film The Texas Chainsaw Massacre,   It is set in the future and in it a group of people is having a party when all of a sudden a bunch of dead bodies start coming out of the closet.  This is a movie that is not for the faint of heart and I can't wait for the next one that is out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how this movie has been so poorly received by everyone. It was terrible. It just kept going and going and not letting up until it was over. I don't care if the actors are actors. I'm not interested in their characters. I never did like this movie. I wish I could tell you I loved it and it was good. The film is about two guys who go into a bar and try to start a fight. They're successful for a little while, until one of them starts laughing at one of the other guys. He starts laughing and laughing, and it's only then that we realize that the other guy is in a bad mood. We don't see much of the guy who is in the bad mood, but we see a lot of the girl who is laughing. She starts laughing even harder, and then she starts to get a little drunk. We are not shown much of what happens in the bar, but it appears that one of her friends is involved in a fight, and when the fight ends, one of these guys starts laughing. The other guy looks a little dazed. He does a few things with his hand, but nothing that is particularly funny. He just stares at the other man. The guy in the good mood looks at the guy in a daze, then gets up and walks away. The girl then starts laughing more. She goes up to one of our two main characters, and starts kissing him. This is a very bad idea, but one that I do think would have been funny, at least to a couple of us. I would say this is a movie that is almost worth seeing for the jokes. It is not a bad film by any means. I just don't like it. I do like the fact that it does have some good jokes in it. However, this movie could have been much better. I didn't find it to be very funny, but I did find it entertaining, so I guess it could have had a little more to it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of this movie is interesting and it's well acted, but it has little to offer in the way of story and character.  It's a story about a man who gets his hands on a strange magical object and starts seeing ghosts and demons.  It's an action movie that lacks a coherent plot and the characters don't really have much to do.   The director (James Gunn) really doesn't know how to do his job very well.    He's trying to be an action filmmaker, but there's no actual action in this movie.  There's some good special effects and special effects can make a movie good, but this movie does not have any of that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I like the idea of a film that follows a group of people that are in an apocalyptic scenario, and is set in an underground cavern where the water is frozen and the air is toxic. I think the only redeeming thing about this film is that they didn't include the death scene.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no redeeming qualities. It was like watching a man trying to make a movie. It is a boring film that is trying to be something else than it is. I didn't like it and didn't feel it was worth watching. I am so glad I never watched it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love that they made a movie about a guy named Dwayne. Dwayne was a pretty cool dude, and his girlfriend was a really nice girl. They had a bunch of different situations that were pretty funny, but I didn't like the ending very much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a lot of potential, but it's not really developed in any way. The lead character, Dr. John, has a tendency to jump in front of a car and get run over. His body parts just fall out of his body. The rest of the movie is filled with random, random, weird, strange, out-of-place situations that would make anyone think that the director was just messing around. The movie doesn't really do anything well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie has a lot of good ideas, but it's a terrible film.   First, the movie has no sense of direction at all.  The whole movie is filmed on a beach in Italy, in a scene that looks like the beach scene from the "Carnival" movies.  This beach scene, like so many of the others, is not very good.  Second, the "hokey" humor is very campy and silly.  Third, the acting is terrible.  And, fourth, the film is poorly written.  The "Maniac" is not the best movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've heard a lot of bad things about this movie: "Horrifying and disturbing!" "It's a terrible movie!" "The characters are completely despicable!"  Well, I don't know about all those things, but this movie has some things going for it. The special effects are really good, and the story is a bit different from the usual camp.  The action is pretty good, with a few really good fight scenes (which is why I like the movie), and a lot more action than I would expect.    The movie's best scene is probably the scene where the group goes on a road trip and gets trapped by the police, where a real bad guy (Robert Englund) kills a bunch of cops and a couple of cops get run over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It seems like this was an attempt to be a new horror movie, not the old gory slasher that made it a cult classic. I really can't say much about it other than the acting was terrible and there was not much gore or blood.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The ending to this movie is stupid as hell.  If this was a normal movie it would have been funny, but it's so bad and boring it's a chore to sit through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie!   One of those movies where the actors just come out of nowhere and the plot just kind of comes to a halt in the middle of it all.   This movie is a complete failure!  This is a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It seems the producers of this movie were not as interested in the movie as the actors.   They wasted time trying to show the kids that they had not seen anything like this before.  The kids were all very young.  They had not even been to a movie theater.  They had never even seen the movies in their lives.  But it did not matter.  It was a terrible movie.  And they had to spend so much time making it look like a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The best part of this movie is that it is a real time movie."  The movie is a story about a girl, who has a little boy, that is called  Toby. The girl has been taking care of her son, since she was very young. One day, when the boy is still a little baby, the mother's boyfriend, a soldier, comes and starts to take the boy away. The mother is very upset because her son is missing. She decides to find him by going to a little town near the battlefield, where the war was happening. The story is told in a series of vignettes, where we see how the mother and son go from house to house, trying to find each other. At the end of the movie, the two mothers find each others, and they are happy again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I just found out that this film has a sequel   that is much better  . I watched the first one   and was just disappointed with the lack of action, the stupid ending, the annoying character names, the dialogue, and the fact that the director wanted to make a film about a couple who had a son and they were married, so he got rid of the son and made them go on a "man hunt"   with the husband, but it is all so boring.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie sucks so much I would like to vomit. This movie is a complete joke, it was made by someone who knows how to make a bad joke and it works. This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The whole movie is so stupid and lame that it is hard to believe that it was a real production. The only thing good about this movie is the voice acting. It is so bad, it makes me feel like I am watching a horrible movie, yet I am enjoying it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the beginning, it looked like a good idea, an interesting premise, but once the movie got going and we had a taste of what was to come it didn't seem to be going anywhere.   There is nothing wrong with the idea of a man trying to make a living by selling his soul, but it seems like there are far too many cooks in the kitchen when it comes to the food that's served up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In this movie you are supposed to be in a very bad situation where a small town mayor has decided to have a local blacksmith make him a cannon for the local navy, and they are to go on a cruise around the world. The cannon is supposed to hit a whale in the middle of the ocean and the captain has decided that the whale is going to be destroyed. He has set off a bomb in the cannon and then he has told his crew to kill everyone and burn the ship to the water line so that the firemen will not come. This happens and we see the ship and its crew go down into the water and the crew are all dead, and the ship has gone down. And a huge black ship comes up out of the water with a white man who is trying to kill the black ship.   This movie is full of awful dialogue, and a very terrible story. It has been made by a bunch of racist bigots and you will not be impressed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good movie.   This was the first movie of the series, and it was a good one, not bad at all.  This movie is a bit of a let down.  The movie is made of the same stuff we all know:  A group of kids that is in trouble is found a strange place called the "Grimm's Den"  A bunch of creatures are seen and there is some interesting special effects (I liked them)  The plot is about a girl who is kidnapped by a witch (who is really a giant)  This girl is given a book that has the answers to all her questions and this book is a book of lies (a fairy tale that is), and when the girl learns that the book has no answers, she becomes a witch in search for answers.  I don't know if I am going to like this movie too much, or I am just going to get angry with the movie for being made out of the fairy tale "The Magic Flute"  I am not sure if this movie was made by the same guy that made the first two movies (or is it a different guy), but I do know that the story is a little cliche, and the story seems to be more of a fairy tale than it is anything else.  There are a few good special effects and I really like the animation, but this movie is just so... "Fairy Tale" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie had so much potential. It was a really great premise, and it made for a really good movie. Unfortunately, the film turned out to be a bad one. It has a couple of really good scenes, and I did like them. But it has a very dull ending that I can't get behind. There were some good ideas, but they were so poorly executed that I think the film will not stand the test of time. The special effects are really bad, but it's not a bad film. It's just boring.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an interesting movie that has a lot of potential, but its execution leaves much to be desired.   The plot is the usual'monster has to find a way to defeat the good guy' and so it is presented with all the same clichés that have become common in this genre:  - the monster's power to grow and the fact that the good guys can't even keep up with it - the evil monster having to use its special powers to make the good monster seem less evil - the villain being a total wuss and being completely outclassed by the hero, even though he's the most powerful guy in the movie - the good dude being played by a man who looks like a woman - the monsters being a bunch of wacky-looking creatures - the hero having a girlfriend who can't understand him   There are a few nice touches in this movie: - the special effects are great - the villains are fun to watch - the scene where the good dudes have to deal with the bad guy's minions is funny - the way the heroes and villains come to terms with their shared enemy is interesting - the fact the monsters have special powers and are a threat to both the heroes/villains and themselves is a good idea - the final confrontation is pretty cool   A few of the ideas that are thrown out the window here include:  (1) the hero's girlfriend is played by another woman - this would have been fine if they could have used a different actress for this role. (2) The monster is the good one, not the good man - this is a bad idea because it makes the movie seem like a feminist movie - why is the hero a bad guy, then? - why does the hero need to become a monster in order to defeat his foe? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It has a bad plot, bad acting, bad cinematography, and a bad villain. I mean come on, who in their right mind would come to a town where they know nothing about the local culture, get involved in a war between a warring tribe, and then just start killing everybody? I mean the only way this movie is going to work is if there is a bad language filter.   I guess if they were in a country where the locals are a little more civilized, like in the movie "The War," they might get away with this, but they are not in such a place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had to laugh while watching this, and it made me feel all warm inside.   It's a comedy about a guy who is forced to take a job at the local supermarket where he gets to work with a guy called "the boss."   The boss has this funny voice that sounds like he was born and raised in the mountains of Norway. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to seeing this movie but unfortunately it's not so bad and I can't really give it more than a 3 out of 5 stars. I'm really glad I got to see this movie at a movie theatre since I'm not a big horror fan. The movie is based on a book of the same name and is based off the novel by John Carpenter and has been made into a movie by Sam Raimi. I think I liked the movie because it wasn't too long and I didn't think it was really scary. It is a really bad movie. The film starts with the main character, a guy named Ray being chased by a clown and his wife. Ray is an old man and I think the movie could have done with more time in the first few scenes to develop the character. Ray gets stuck in a house in the middle of the woods and I was wondering how the film would go when he meets the old woman. She says "you look like you need some help" and when Ray says "yes" she says "well let's help you out then" and then she jumps out the window and disappears. After a couple of minutes the camera goes back to Ray and we see the old lady has returned to help him and she's in the house and then a clown shows up. Ray runs to the house only to find the clown dead and the old women is missing. The clown is a guy called Jack who has been dead for a while now and the movie has a lot of blood and gore. Ray eventually gets a gun and kills the clown who is then resurrected. The old woman is the only person who knows about this so Ray starts to investigate who the killer is and then the film turns into a horror movie and it's all about a clown. This movie was a really long time coming and I'm glad I finally saw it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film so bad it is funny. I don't know how much I am going to like it. It is a bunch of bad actors in a bad film. I will probably only like it if I am sick.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think that the film does a good job of setting up the basic premise of the film, but there's little to the plot beyond a little bit of plot and a bad ending.   The story is a bit odd, but it works, the acting is good, the music is good and the story is interesting, but I'm not sure I'll go out of my way to watch this film again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is horrible.  I just wanted to punch them in the face.    I just don't think the studio was that great with the movie either.  I have seen more horrible films that were released this year. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a poorly made movie with a bad ending and an even worse ending.   It's a bad film in that it has an unbelievable plot with a good script, and a really good acting performance from James Dean.  But it's a terrible movie in that, like most of his later work, it lacks any real style.  It just tries to do too many things too soon, and it tries to have a "message" about "love" (as well as some "morality") with a very bad script.  The worst thing about the movie is that it doesn't try to be funny at all, which is sad because it was a great movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie was a big disappointment. The movie does not tell a good story. I liked the movie, the story was good, but the acting was terrible. There were so many bad scenes I am not sure what to say. The worst scene is when we see the big man in the hat on a long white truck driving to the hospital. The whole movie is just an extended car chase. They should have made a movie about the real man in that big hat.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot:  It's a short, simple story with a simple and cute story line. The ending was predictable.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a complete mess, and the acting is pathetic.  They had a scene in the hotel room that was supposed to be an act, but it was so badly written that it didn't work at all.  The bad guy had no name, and was supposed be a big bad baddie.   It's obvious that this is just a cheap production. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst film I've ever seen.  It is a cheap exploitation film with no soul.  It is just a cheap horror film and it shows.    It would be better as a bad horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character in this movie is played by the same actor in two other movies:   The first was The Last of the Mohicans  (1885)   The second was The Green Berets  -  a film about the exploits of a group of men who have just finished a tour of duty in Europe during the Napoleonic Wars.  He has been playing the role of a soldier in these movies since they were made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am so sorry to all of you that got stuck in this movie. I am a huge fan of Star Wars. This is a bad Star Wars movie. The only good thing about it is the great cast. It's hard to believe that the director didn't have to learn how to use a camera or even a light. I didn't find a single character to care about. I think that I will never see Star Wars again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only positive thing about this movie is the fact that they tried to make a movie out of a comic.  And that is pretty much it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really like this movie. It is very entertaining and very funny. There are so many funny moments in this movie that I'm not sure I'm even doing this right.  The plot is very silly, but the characters are very likable.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A great movie, it's funny but it's also really hard to watch. It's a really boring movie, I was really hoping that there would be more, but it wasn't so much more than the first film. I wouldn't recommend it to anybody, because it's boring and really hard.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't care how long it takes to reach the end, but after that it just seems to go on forever, with the constant running shots of the town, the car wreck, and a scene with a big scary monster that is just too much to take.  It is not a bad film but there is no substance to it, with a movie like this there is always something that is wrong with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I would rate this movie at around 2 out of 10.   The film's plot is a joke, the acting is laughable, and the dialogue is lame and the only reason this film gets a rating of a 2 out 10 is because the sex scenes are really hot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is pretty much a disaster. The plot revolves around a group of children trying to get out of a dangerous swamp. While the swamp is certainly not a safe place, the kids are not really in danger and most of the action takes place in a few scenes with no dialogue. The kids do a lot of running and jumping but they are mostly jumping down trees and the only real danger is a couple of wolves that are always around and always at the ready. The only real threat to the kids comes from the wolves but they never seem to pose a real threat. The film is just kind of a slog and the whole thing just looks like a cheap horror film.   I don't think I would be able to watch this movie with my kids. It is really a poor film and it looks like it could have been a lot better. I have to wonder if the film was shot by someone who did not like children and/or did not know how to get a good film done. I really wish they had just put a sign on the front of the screen and had some kids stand around in front of it and yell "Hey! Look! Look at us! We are running around!" This movie is kind of fun for a little while but it really falls apart towards the end. It makes me feel bad for the kids but I can't say I would recommend this film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A mediocre movie about a man who has a wife that thinks he is a freak.  It is like an overrated version of "Caddyshack" with more of the same crap going on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like these films. I'm not sure what makes these films bad. They have a plot that's boring and it's never very clear. I thought the acting was bad. I can't wait to see if they make a new film. I will give it a C-.  ...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you are not a fan of the Indiana Jones movies, do not read this book!   This book was just a joke.   There was no action, there was no excitement.  And it is just a bunch of crap.  If this movie had been made in 1985 or even 1983 this book would have been terrible, but it is from the 1930's and this is the time period where most of the movies are from.  It is just about as good as you could expect to find from this time period, which is bad.  A bad book: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a good cast, but I found it hard to like. The only reason why I like it is because the director has some good ideas and has a lot of talent. However, it does not have a lot to work with and is not a very good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  this is a terrible movie.  I really want to like this movie because the acting is pretty good, and the story is a pretty interesting one.    But the plot was bad.  It was boring and repetitive, and it was obvious that the director was going for something much bigger than it was.  The film was over-rated by the critics.  I am not sure why it has so many people giving it such bad reviews.  There is not much to say about this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the late 60's and early 70's, the French film industry was at the peak of its creative powers.  The director, Guy de Maupassant had just released a number of brilliant and popular films. One of these was "The Little Drummer Boy"  a comedy with a heart and a wry sense of humor that would go down in history. The story revolves around a young man named Louis who is an orphan and who is living in a poor neighborhood. The neighborhood is inhabited by a variety of characters, most of whom are either criminals or run-of-the-mill street urchins.  One day, Louis hears the children singing a hymn to their dead father and decides to join them in the street. The film was a smash hit in France, winning the Cannes Film Festival award for Best Picture and winning many other awards.  The Little Drummers Boy is a classic French musical, and one of my favorite films.    - Reviewed by James B. Stokes
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie about a group of people that can't handle their own business. It is very bad, the acting is laughable and the plot is even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not to be confused with the popular, but much better, film, or at least not in the same way, this film is a movie about a kid who has to do all the dirty work for a gangster and his wife, a gangland hitwoman, who get murdered by a guy who's a good shot.  I suppose it's not a bad thing that a kid has to help out and save his family, especially since he's only a kid.   This movie doesn't have any plot, no mystery, no special effects, no nothing really, just a kid doing all the work for his family.  The actors in this movie are very good, although they can't really stand out, and the movie never takes off, the kids acting is not funny and not exciting.  It's kind of a sad story about a child, but at least it doesn't make you want to punch him.  I've watched a lot of bad movies, and this is one of the worst.  I have no idea what to think about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    1.   The story is so terrible it's hard to even write a negative, it's like a bad soap opera.  I didn't even like the main characters, they're all so shallow and one dimensional.  The only person I could actually like was the guy who was the main character, and even then it was just for his "good looks" (because he was a total loser).   2.    The music was very nice and it reminded me of some of the good movies I liked from the 70s, and some of those movies were in the horror genre.  But, in my opinion, the movie was just bad.  3.  My least favorite part of the movie is the ending.  This movie made me laugh, but it made me cry at the same time.  4.  And for those of you who think that this movie has a great ending, you are sadly mistaken. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only reason why this movie is so bad is that it is based on the "Babylon 5" series, which has already been seen more than once on Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.   Why?   I really don't know.  It's not very good.  What is this, the 1950s?  There are more bad movies than good ones out there.  I don't even know why I'm giving this a bad review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this film because I have seen the title and that made me wonder if it is a true story. I have to say that it is not a true movie at all. It is more of a movie with a title that is just like a title.  In the movie, a man is sitting on a park bench and thinks of his son. The man decides to go and see his son, but he gets lost in the streets. He thinks of all kinds of things like "what happened to my son, who is he?" and "what are you going to do with him". The man is trying to figure out where he is and he sees a car parked on a corner and the man starts to walk towards it. As he gets closer to it, the man thinks of "it is me, but my son is not me".  After he walks past the car, the car starts to run, and the driver gets out and points his finger at the man and shouts "you are my son". The other man tries to run after him but he runs into a lamp post and falls over. He falls to the ground and the car drives away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was so terrible that it was almost like watching a bad TV movie. The only saving grace was the great score by the great Phil Spector. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is terrible. There is no other way to put it.   The movie begins with a beautiful sunset and then the rain starts.  In about 15 minutes we have a terrible storm.  The rain has turned to hail and the wind is so strong it blows your hair around.  Then it gets really hot and dry.  When the rain stops and the sun comes out it is so bright that it makes you sick.  A woman comes to a place where the rain and heat have killed most of the trees and she takes a hammer to the ground and makes a fire.  She puts on a robe and goes inside the house.  We follow her as she does some work in the house and then we go to her bathroom.  Now it is time for the magic.  So the woman opens a window and it opens on a little island where she puts on her robe and sits down to do some work.  There is a man there who looks like he was born in the 1800's.  He is standing next to her as he does some gardening.  You can see he has a beautiful garden and all the plants are in bloom.  As the man does some of the work she talks to him.  This time she says that she has a son and that her husband has been gone for a long time.  Her son was very sick and it is the woman's wish that he live so that she can raise him.   She takes the hammer out of her bag and puts it in the man's hand.  They are both talking as they work and then a tree falls and breaks her leg.   We see her with her leg in a cast.  After the man finishes he looks up at the woman with a smile.  It is clear that he is happy about his work.   Then she takes him by the hand and they go into the house where the doctor is waiting.  Soon after the woman returns with a cane.  The doctor tells her that she is going to be all right but she is in a lot of pain.  And it is not just the pain, it is also the fact that her leg is broken.   The doctor tells the woman that he has the right thing to do.  But she says no.  One thing leads to another and then it is just a fight between the woman and the doctor.  At one point he tells the man to take off the robe and it looks like it is
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A low budget horror movie. I never thought I would like a bad horror movie until this one. I don't think it was supposed to be scary, I think it is supposed to scare the audience. I just can't believe a movie like this could ever be made in this day and age. I mean a movie is supposed scare people, not be funny or stupid. This movie is an insult to the audience's intelligence.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bad film.  A film that has no reason to exist.    It's an uninteresting film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a great looking film, and I loved the concept of the film.  The actors did a good job, and the special effects were really well done.  The only real problem was that the film did not go anywhere.    This movie is just another example of how Hollywood has gone off the rails. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies where there is a very brief, extremely contrived, and totally pointless sex scene.  The entire movie is a series of random sex scenes and there is nothing special about them.  The plot:   The plot is very lame and you could make a good movie out of it.   It is based on a true story that happened in 1887 and is based loosely on the life of John Wesley.  It makes some pretty bad jokes and is filled with horrible acting and writing.  I would have never watched this movie if it was not for the fact that it is based off of a true event.  The movie makes a lot of good points about John Wesley, but it is completely based off a fictional account of a fictional character.  You can tell from the opening scene that the movie is completely fictional and this is the same movie that was made by George Seldes in 1934.  A couple of years later Selders wife died from the effects of drinking and over the years this movie has become more and more ridiculous.  For example in one scene John Wesley has a heart attack and is rushed to a hospital, where he is placed in a bed with an old woman.  Then he meets the girl who was his lover before he met his wife.  John Wesley is shown to have an erection and he is unable to ejaculate.  This is an example of how much John Wesley had to drink that he was unable to produce an ejaculation.  After the movie ends, the old woman comes over and kisses John Wesley and the movie continues.  My favorite scene in the movie was the one where the old lady comes over to John Wesley's bed and says "I think you can ejaculate".  The woman tells John Wesley that she thinks he can, but that she will only get an erection if he does.  If he doesn't she will get an orgasm and she will have to ejaculation too.    Then John Wesley gets an erection.  And that's about all I can say about this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure what the plot was about except that the movie seemed to want to make a point of how stupid the world of a person who does not have a brain is. The main character is a retarded child who is on a school trip to a mental hospital. The movie then switches to another movie where we find out how the mentally ill person gets a brain transplant from a dog. This movie is just so stupid and nonsensical and completely wrong. I would give this movie zero stars.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I can't believe I'm saying this, but there are some seriously great movies out there.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "The movie is so bad that it can't be helped. What a waste of time."   I had hoped for more, but I didn't think it would be as bad as it is. I thought the movie would be much better than this, because it's a comedy, but no, it's not. The acting is not very good, I think, especially the female lead. The story is not funny at all, it has the potential to be funny but is just dull and boring. The film is a complete mess and has no redeeming qualities. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anybody!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a story of a man who is on the run from the law. He goes to his first place of employment, a hotel, only to find a bunch of weird people sitting around a table in a bar.  I'm sure you all remember the film with the "man on a bicycle" who goes out and plays the guitar while being chased by the police.   This is the same guy in the same outfit and has the same attitude.  In fact, he even says "I'm just playing music in a hotel room."  I'm not a big fan of this guy at all.  The only reason I watched this was to see the title.  I guess it's because of that or because of the opening title sequence.  This has a weird soundtrack with an electric guitar playing a blues tune.  I'm going to let the trailer speak for itself:   I think this was a pretty bad movie, but it was also the first one I ever saw.  It had a great cast including Robert Mitchum and John Wayne.  There were a lot of strange characters and this was definitely the film that started me on my film career.  If you're a fan of the blues, don't watch this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an ugly movie. This is a movie where the main characters are basically a bunch of idiots. I really don't know why the producers thought that this would work. This movie is very boring. The movie has a pretty bad script, but it is at least original enough to make it at least interesting. If it were not for that the movie would have been a big waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I found this film a bit weak. It was hard to see how the plot progressed at times. It also was hard for me to connect with the characters.   The story was really simple and I felt that the characters were a bit flat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good, if not great, film.  Not as good as I had hoped, but still very entertaining and well made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main characters are great:  The movie starts off with the most boring, annoying, and predictable opening line in the history of cinema:  It's been a long time since I've felt anything so dull...  It seems that every time they do a sequel to a movie from the 90s, the plot goes back to that time again.  This time, the bad guys were actually really cool and the good guys were just some boring people who couldn't do anything about it.  It is a pity that this movie is not much better than the other 2 I've seen:  I like watching the 90's movies, but I like the 80's better.  There are a lot of movies that are better than this one, but it is a great way to end your Friday. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am not sure why this movie exists, I never liked it.   It is a bad film that was released at the time when the American films were not very good.  It was an old fashioned horror film that didn't have much going for it.   I would like to add that the film is not only boring but it is also scary.  There are scenes that are so horrible, the movie is scary at times and not very entertaining.  The cast of characters is a group of very unlikable people.  In one scene the heroine is raped by a group.  This group is played by some unknown people. It is also played very much like a sketch comedy.  You should also remember that this film was made in the late 60's.  I guess there are not many good films from that time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is so poorly made that it's hard to figure out what the movie is supposed to be about.   It's not a bad action movie, but it's just so poorly directed that it just comes off as cheesy and boring.  I would rather watch a movie with an all star cast like "Rocky" than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a story about a girl and a monster that lives in the forest. She is a witch and her monster is a giant black bear. She has a magical potion that can turn anything into anything else and a magic wand that she can shoot with. It is very much like the film version of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. There are some funny scenes and I do like how the witch can make people act funny by telling them to go to the bathroom. I have seen this movie many times and it always gets better with age.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a waste of a bad film!  I was hoping for a decent vampire movie but this was a disappointment!  If you like bad movies, this is the movie for you.    The story was predictable and made no sense whatsoever.  The vampires were just a distraction from the bad acting and lame plot.  It's sad that they wasted a great film like this because it would have been a very interesting story.  I would recommend this to only those people who have never seen a vampire film before and don't care about vampires. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a horrible mess of a movie. It was directed by Steven Spielberg, but that's about it. It stars an actress who is barely a good actress. It is a film that should never be seen. It's a film of terrible acting, poor direction, and a plot so inept that it would be impossible to follow even if one was an expert in this kind of thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought this was a good movie. I was watching it with a friend (we are both college students). We are all watching the same movie, the same old movie. It seems to be about a guy who loves his girlfriend but can't deal with her mother.   The girl is an attractive young lady who is not as good looking as the boyfriend (I don't think this is a big problem). It is also an animated movie, so there are some really great animated sequences. The only problem is that the girl's mother is a bitch who keeps on talking, so it is really annoying and tiresome to listen to her. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a remake of the 1984 film of the same name starring Bruce Willis as the titular villain. The original movie is a cheesy movie that takes itself so seriously that it actually takes away from the story.   It is a good action movie that is not great, but it is fun to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A terrible movie. The lead is a bad lead. I mean he's the kind of guy who has a huge smile on his face and is just like the perfect guy. But the moment he steps out of the elevator, the movie starts to suck. The acting is bad. The plot is bad and the characters are stupid. I would hate to be a moviegoer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "A very good film about the dangers of the brainwashing that takes place during the war in Europe. The Germans are brainwashed with some great actors and the movie is funny and entertaining."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is about a group of young people who get together to play an impromptu board game, the game is based on the idea of being a good person, it's really bad. The only redeeming feature is the voice of John Candy, who's so good in every other movie he's in that it's just good to see him here.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad bad movie that's about a guy who gets a job with a man who thinks he is God. This man is a horrible person who uses the money he gets to buy weapons and ammo.   I didn't like it very much at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The bad part is the bad acting and the bad direction by the director.  There is no need for an over-exaggerated movie about a stupid movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In all honesty I'm not sure how much I liked the movie at all, and I wasn't sure why it was so bad until the final couple of minutes. I mean I knew it was bad but it was the last 10 minutes of it that made me want to punch someone in the face. It just goes on and on and just seems to drag on and not get any better. I don't know what to think of it.   I do love that they got this movie made. It's a pretty good movie that has some good effects but it's not nearly as good as the original Star Wars.   a bad bad movie
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good film.  I am really glad I saw it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete and utter mess. It was very poor written and directed and the acting is awful.  This film was made by two people who do not understand the value of money or the value the word 'fun' has.  The only way this movie can be enjoyed is if you have no clue as to what it is about.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the last film that I saw in a theater before I moved to my new house in the country.  The film was about a man who lives on the side of a road with his dogs and a horse.    One day he comes home from work and sees his dogs are missing.  Then he sees that one of his dogs is missing.     The only way I could describe this film is as a mix of an animal show and a children's television show.  The acting was terrible and the animal show was nothing but a cheap knock off of a good animal show. I also found it very hard to get into the movie.  It took me an hour and a half to finish the movie and the only reason I finished it was because I was in the middle of a very long day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie's badness is that it does not even try to be a good movie.  In fact, it's the kind of movie that should be a bad one.    This is a bad story that is supposed to be about a guy with a super-hero costume who, instead of doing a good deed, does a bad deed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a world where the average movie has a story of a man who tries to make his way in a new town, who lives in the wrong house, and who ends up in a bar with a crazy old woman who's name I can't even pronounce. The plot is all about the old lady trying to get some kind of respect in her old age and she goes about it by making herself look like a local folk hero (which I guess is what she is). There are some funny bits in this film but it doesn't really work. I was expecting a good story about a young man who makes his way through a bad town but instead I was treated to a bad story about an old woman trying to act like a folk hero.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was terrible!   I got a copy from the mail room for free from a friend.   They were running out of movie theatres and needed a good action movie to help get their business going.  It's a good movie in my opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If I were to take the time to review a movie like this, I'd have to be able to watch it more than once. But it's too bad, because I loved this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am in my late 50's.   This was a terrible movie.  It is like watching someone try to write a movie. It is not very funny.  One of the most embarrassing scenes ever!   It was really not funny.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think that if you want to make a film that is good at being bad you need to get someone to make it.  I had heard some great things about this film but I was still surprised when I watched it. This film is about a man who lives alone in a hotel.  He lives alone because his wife left him and he can't afford to live on his own.  It is in this hotel that he meets a girl, the only other person he has ever really loved.  The two of them have a very strange relationship that ends in disaster when the girl decides to leave him.  In the aftermath of this, he begins to see things that others do not.   The main problem with this film is that it has so little to do.  There are no characters to care about or any plot to follow.  This is a film about a character who does not really exist in the film's world and the only thing that happens is that this character is in a room with another character who is the same character as he is.  If this film had a plot, I would have loved to know what happened.  What makes it even worse is that the film has been shown to many people, but most of the people who have seen it have never mentioned it to their friends.  That makes this film not only a terrible film but also a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a stupid movie. It has nothing to do with real-life, but it's a movie about stupid people.   The actors are so bad they couldn't make the movie funny, or even worse, they weren't funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how this movie is supposed to be an homage to a "Star Wars" movie that never was, but I have to admit it does have its moments.  The movie itself has a lot of problems, but for me it's a little hard to care about the characters.  There's a scene where Luke is fighting a stormtrooper.    Luke has to hit the guy in the head with a lightsaber to knock him out.  After that, there's no blood on the floor.    Luke doesn't even get a chance to kill him before he's taken away by the stormtroopers.  So the poor guy gets back up and continues his rampage.  And the only reason he does is because of Luke's good will and kindness.  The movie's script is pretty bad.  It has a scene at the end where a character is trying to get a woman to get back into a cab.  When he tries to get her to go into the cab he is interrupted by some "helpers."   He is then forced to put her in the back of the cab and take it to the next place.  They give him a new name and then tell him that they are going to get his family back.  I have no idea what's going on in this movie, but it seems to me to be nothing but a cheap attempt at a Star Wars parody. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a huge fan of horror movies, I mean I enjoy watching them in general but I don't find them to be very memorable. I think that a lot of the "horror" in this movie is just bad acting and bad lighting, they are making the audience look like they are about to get eaten by a werewolf! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure how anyone could have possibly enjoyed this movie, which is about a boy who kills an elephant with a spear, a boy with a stupid name, and a boy's stupid girlfriend.  The movie is just so stupid, it doesn't even have a plot, it's just silly.  The only good thing about this movie is that the soundtrack is great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been looking forward to this movie since I was about 15. I think I am finally getting it. I have a good story line. I do not know what is happening to them. They are in a house with no money. It seems like they are trying to get some food and a place to sleep. They have to get their clothes off. I guess it is hot in the house. I feel bad for the kids. I don't know what to think. It is not a bad film, but I have not seen a movie like this since "The Exorcist". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was a bit disappointed that the movie never managed to create a story worth telling, and that the only thing that kept it going were the amazing visuals.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In which a girl gets into a car with two guys (one of whom is not black) and ends up having sex with them.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half is a slow-burner, with no real character development.   A lot of the movie is spent with some strange creatures, like a group of tiny aliens, or an ancient alien who has been trapped in a time capsule.  But there are no new characters or interesting characters to be found.  As far as the story goes, it is just a story about two people trying to get away from a group who have been hunting them for decades.  There is also a very annoying "villain" who seems to be just there for the story to end on, and then never shows up again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out with a great title, The Great Santini's Sideshow, and it is, with a little added bonus. The film is about a man named Santini who is an Italian street musician and also plays the trombone. He lives in a gaudy mansion, where he has all the best things, including his favorite prostitute, the lovely Mrs. Carrere. Santini is a bit of a loner, but he has an amazing band, which is all in the form of his songs. His wife has had the misfortune of losing her job, and so Santini has to go to the casino to find work. He goes into a room, and he gets a phone call, asking him to come to a certain address. Santino, the caller, says that there is a robbery at the house, and they need to get to it fast. He tells Santini to go in and get his hat and coat, and to bring along a bottle of gin and a cigar. Santoni doesn't know where the house is, but when he gets there, he finds a woman, Mrs. Gildon, who is in a state of great distress. Mrs. Grannion has been robbed. Santi asks her what she is doing there, and she replies that she is in the middle of an awful pain. She is bleeding from a huge wound in her stomach, and Santini offers to help her out of the pain. He does, and the two of them escape out of their room. Santine is left alone in his room, with Mrs. Linton and the doctor. Santinio tells Mrs. A. that Mrs. D. has died in the house. He is stunned by this news, but the doctor says that Mrs D. was taken to the hospital, where she is recovering. The doctor gives Santini a little present: a box of cigars, which he uses to try and get some sleep. He also asks Santino to stay with Mrs Gildo. The two of the three go to bed, and when they wake up the next morning, they find Mrs. F. dead. The next morning Mrs. S. asks Santi why he didn't help Mrs. M. when she was being robbed. He says that he was busy with Mrs D., and Mrs. B. asked him for help. Santio doesn't really understand why Mrs. T. would go with Santini, but after
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate this movie.  It was a bad idea to make a film about a guy who makes the best pizza in New York and his friends and girlfriend, who are all pretty hot.  It was awful.  It was a bunch of people who are really good looking and all of them are wearing white shirts with white pants.    They are all in a small apartment with a kitchen.  They have a dog named Dolly.  The film is about how these characters try to get into a club called the Pizzeria and how they end up in a huge fight.  In one scene we see them eating pizza and the guy who is in charge of the pizza making machine and how the girl gets on the floor and the dog bites her.  So this movie is just so stupid and boring.  I guess it was intended to be a film that would make people like the characters, but it didn't work because it wasn't funny.  This film is just a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think I've seen every one of these horror movies.   If I could be in the movie, I would just eat the whole thing alive. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is just a bit slow, the first half is very bad and I don't really understand why it even started in the first place, it really should have been a sequel to the TV show, I really can't think of anything else to say about this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "In the spring of 2004, when I was 21, I was living in New York City with a friend. The only way I could afford rent was to work in a record store, and I didn't have any money. So I worked at a place called the Laundromat. I didn.t have much of a life. I had my life. But it was pretty easy. I was in my 20s, living in a dumpy apartment with my roommate and a couple of friends. My life was a lot like this: work in the record store and have some friends. I never thought that I would be so lucky. I just did what I had to do."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good story but there are some mistakes in this movie. 1. It has a stupid ending. 2. The ending was stupid. 3. It's a story of a young girl who goes to a party. The young girl is in love with the party boy. But, the boy doesn't want to go with her.   The girl's brother says that he would love to go to the party with them.  The girl's sister tells him that he can't go to that party.  4. There are a lot of mistakes in the movie. 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film about an ex-marine, Jack Slater, who's been trying to get out of Vietnam since he was young. When his helicopter gets hit by a rocket fired by a Viet Cong guerilla, he gets out and goes to rescue his friend, who was also hit. Unfortunately, the guerillas are all killed, so Jack is left to his own devices. It's very hard to take a movie seriously at times, and that's not necessarily a bad thing. There are some excellent, action-packed sequences in this film, and I'd like to see it again and again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was expecting a lot more out of this movie, but I guess I'll be looking forward to the sequel.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the beginning it looked very good, but then it got ugly. It had no plot and no character development. It was only a way to bring in some good actors. It is a cheap remake of the horror movie of the same name.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is not a good movie, it is a bad one and it is also not a very funny movie.   The characters are all very dull and I would not say that the actors are all that bad.  But if you are not a fan of the first Star Wars and if you find yourself in need of some fun, this movie will certainly not disappoint. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first time I saw this movie I thought it was an oddball but it was a bad one at that.   As a side note this movie is terrible!   It's a short movie, maybe two and a half minutes long.  It was filmed in 1975.  This is a story of a man who takes a job at a farm. The job turns out to be a total nightmare.  He's a pretty good actor in his prime. He does a fine job and has a very good time with his work.  The farm is located in a valley. The sunsets are gorgeous and the sky is a beautiful blue. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Caveman" is a horrible film that would make a bad comic book look good.  It's bad in almost every sense, and that's a shame because it's pretty good. There are a lot of things that can go wrong here:  - The director of photography is bad.  And that's pretty much it for the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved the first Alien movie but I didn't love the sequel.  This movie, which takes place immediately after the events of the first film, is not as good.  The movie begins with a spaceship crashing on a planet, and a human being being sucked out into space.   That's the basic plot of Alien and it works well enough.  The problem is that the movie gets bogged down in a lot of the same plot devices as the first movie, and the movie has very little to do with the first.  While the first movies are quite fantastic, this movie is not.  It is much better in the way of being a prequel, and it gives us a little more about the characters and a little less about the alien. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie that doesn't have much going for it. It is one of those "so bad it's good" type movies that have nothing going for them. The acting is atrocious. The music is awful. The special effects are terrible. The story is pathetic. I would not recommend this movie to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing I can say about this movie is it's an absolute waste of time and money.   It seems to be a bad idea for Warner Brothers to release this movie at all.  I have to give credit where credit is due: the director, Peter Yates is a decent director who has been in a number of movies that I enjoyed.  He did a good job on this one though, he did an excellent job at using the set pieces that were built in the movie and the effects work by Peter Yates was very good.  The problem is that this is not a good movie at the very least and I have not been impressed with Peter Yates movies in the past, especially this one.  A very bad idea to release a movie like this in the summer of 2005, a year and a half from now is not something that is going to get many people interested in the world of film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As much as I loved The Princess Bride, I had to find something new to hate.   It's about a young boy who is born with a curse, a bad, horrible curse. He can't talk, can't walk, can barely breathe. But it doesn't matter because his only friends are the things that love him.  The Princess has a little brother named Jack, who loves the girl that The Princess is having an affair with.  And he is pretty much the opposite of The Princess, he's not bad, he just has a bad temper.  I've always been a huge fan of the book, and I loved this movie. It's a little silly, but it's very charming. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I just got back from the first screening of this and it was pretty bad. The film had the feel of a bad low budget horror film, complete with bad actors and the worst special effects ever to appear in a movie. The movie also had a pretty lame plot and a poor director. The special effects were so bad, and the actors were all bad. I'm sure it was a good movie to see, but it sure as hell wasn't worth seeing.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was a horrible movie that I could not take a part of. The acting was terrible and the characters were lame and pathetic. The plot was terrible, nothing to it. I mean the whole movie was just bad, there was no good to it and it was just awful. I could barely stand it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Wrecking Ball" is a bad film.  The movie is shot like a cheap low budget film and doesn't make sense at all.    The only good part of the movie is that there are many, many explosions.  "WRECKING BALL" (1977) was released in the U.S. in 1977 and starred Michael Caine, Peter Sellers, Alan Rickman, Christopher Lee and David Niven.    It is a remake of the classic film "Babylon A.D." in which a group of people go to Babylon to see if the people there are going to destroy Earth.  The film was written by Michael C. Williams and made by Paul Haggis. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It has a great story line, a wonderful character cast, and it is very entertaining. I would like to see it again. I also really enjoyed the music and the sound design.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is not a single redeeming quality to this movie. The script is a joke, and the characters are so over the top and over the dumb that they come off as a parody of what you would expect a comedy to be. There is no character development, and no character interaction. There are no jokes, just a bunch of people in a room doing silly things. It is a silly movie. It doesn't do much other than look silly. It's a shame that there is no originality here, because the movie is quite bad, but it is still a laugh.   It is one of those films where a guy in a hat and a girl in a dress do some funny stuff. The film isn't very good, but at least it is funny.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is horrible.  The story is about a group of kids who are all bullied by their friends who are into the occult and black magic.   They start off in the woods, where the black magic and occult stuff is done.  Then they go to the witch's house, where they start being chased by her little kids, who are very annoying.  After they get out of there, they meet the witches' kids who have an ugly little cat with them.  It is a little creepy but not that scary.  If you are looking for a movie that is good for kids, this is not it.  I really like this movie because of the characters and the music. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A film so poor that I thought I'd be the only one who would like it.   I don't like the direction it is taking, the characters are flat, and the story is boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a horrible movie. I had just finished watching this terrible movie and couldn't help but laugh my ass off. It was all so sad and awful, the main character's father was a horrible human being. He didn't have any friends and when he did he would just throw rocks at them.   The story itself was about a boy who was born blind who was raised by his grandmother.  He never really had a happy childhood and as a child he would do things like sit on a fence and wait for his dog to get out of the yard. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful movie and is one of those movies that you have to watch over and over again in order to forget about it.  The film is filled with bad dialogue, terrible acting, terrible directing and a stupid ending.  The plot is a big rip off of "Gone With The Wind" and it is not surprising since both are produced by the same company (Paramount)  This movie is filled to the brim with bad acting and bad writing.  One of the best scenes in the movie is when the mother and the father get on the plane and sit next to each other.  It is one hell of a movie.   "The Man with the Movie Camera" is another low budget film made by Paramount Pictures in the 1930's.  "The Man With the Movie Cameras" is based on a short story by Gertrude Stein titled "The Lonely Camera"   This is a very bad movie and should not be watched by any film fan. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm sure you've all seen it: a young girl named Julie runs into a bad guy named Chris who takes her to a house. They're inside and it looks like a normal house, but it's a bit like the house in The Blair Witch Project. Julie finds some weapons and makes a few nasty comments about the family. They end up in a basement and then they go upstairs. Julie is wearing a dress and a wig, and there's some kind of strange device that she's playing with. There's a big hole in the ceiling and then she gets a big metal bar and uses it to bash a hole through the ceiling. It's all pretty much a blur.   The film is all over the place, but the ending is really silly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This film is not bad, it's not even bad. I would even say that this film is in the top ten worst movies ever made. But if you love bad movies like I do, then you'll love this film. It's bad but it's still good. It also has a great soundtrack, and that's a must have. It may not be good but it sure is fun.   A bad movie is an old movie with a new name. This is the sequel to the film "Shoot to Thrill" which is a bad, bad movie. I mean, the acting, the story, the characters, everything is just so bad, even the music. You can't even hear the actors because they are all screaming and yelling. You'd be better off watching this bad movie on the tube or with a friend.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What I don't understand about this movie is why is it titled "Puppet Master"? It's like a puppet master who made the movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie about a man who gets killed and has to be revived by a woman. There are a lot of weird things about this movie. I'm sure that this is an homage to the classic film of the same name from the 1950s.   I'm glad to see that it's still relevant, despite the fact that I think it's pretty silly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I'm sorry, but I didn't really see the point in this. The story is all about the man who has a strange hobby - getting into strange situations and then running away. He eventually ends up in a creepy house with a little boy who looks just like him. Then he finds out that the man he's playing the part of has been dead for a while and is now haunting the house. The movie ends with the little boy trying to take the man's place by killing the woman who lives there. It's not very original or clever."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I would recommend this to all people who have no taste in movies. This is an average story of a boy who's father is in the army and he's an only child. He gets into a fight with a guy and his father gets shot in the back by the guy. The guy leaves the scene. The father then dies. This movie does not have much going for it. The acting is awful. The cinematography is terrible. The movie looks like a cheap copy of a movie from the 70's. I found it a bit boring and it was over in the second half. I can't think of any good scenes in the whole movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this with a friend and we both thought it was a bad idea. There is a lot of bad acting and I felt like they should have put the bad acting in a movie and not a tv show. Also the bad writing and acting really take you out of the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I did not care for this movie. It did not have any charm to it. There was no music, no jokes, no nothing. I didn't laugh once and I'm only 13. I'm not even going to get into the plot.   I was very disappointed with this movie and I can't wait for the next one to come out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that makes me wish I had never seen the movie in the first place. I had been looking forward to it for a while now. The story follows a man who was taken to the hospital when he was just a kid. His father is a surgeon and the doctor who did the operation said it was the most brutal thing he had ever seen. There is a girl in the hospital with a strange deformity and she has a doctor who is her friend. I can't say for sure if it is a good movie or not but there are things about it that are wrong. I didn't like how they did the girl's face. They did the surgery on her face by making it look like a monkey's. She is a very weird looking girl. I think they did it just for the shock value. I wouldn't mind if they made her face look normal. I'm not sure why the doctor is so interested in the girl. It is very strange to see a girl who is an expert on the subject of the face do something like that. There was a lot of swearing in this movie. They swear a lot in movies and I always think it is too much. There were a lot more references to drugs than I am used to seeing in a movie. I wonder why they didn't do more with drugs in the movie. The ending was a little too rushed. I was so interested when the doctor said he was going to do the surgery. I wanted him to do it and I wish he had. The movie had a few funny moments but I don't think they were funny enough to make up for the bad story.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was very bad. It was a cheap and cheesy movie that I don't know what to do with. I was laughing at the ridiculousness and silliness of the characters. They were all stupid and very silly. It just didn't make me feel any better. I'm sorry but this is a bad idea. I hope it gets better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A few months ago, I was at a film festival in New York City. The festival was being held at the New York Public Library. The event was being sponsored by the New Jersey Historical Society. There were several films being shown that evening. I was in the front row and I can say that it was a good time. However, a couple of hours after the first film had ended, I began to notice that the audience was starting to become restless. The films were beginning to run long. At the end of one of the films, there was a man who was being interviewed. The audience, which included many children, began to grow restless. After about ten minutes of this, a man came in. He had on a suit and tie. He came out and said, "You all saw the films. You all know that the people at the back of the theater were the ones who did the raping. The people who were at the front were the witnesses. You've been lied to, you've been cheated. I'm the only one who's been raped and I'm telling you it was the other way around." He got up from his seat and walked around the stage. Then he stood in front of the crowd. He pointed to the children who were sitting in front and said to them, "If you want to be free of these people who've done this to you, go back to school. Get a job. Don't have sex with men." He told the children that they would not go to prison, but he would go to hell. Then the man said to the audience, "The only way you're going to get your freedom is by not doing these things." He then went around the audience and told them the same thing. The entire audience started laughing. He then pointed to his own family and said that if they ever did something like that to him, they would be sorry. He walked away from the stage, and I never saw him again.   So, why am I saying all this? Because this man had a major influence on me. His words have stayed with me ever since I first heard them. I believe that his message was that we can't make peace with evil. There is no point in trying to reason with a psychopath. He will only say the same things again and again until you're sick of it. He was right about one thing. We cannot make peace. But, there is something we can do. We can
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've never seen a movie that was so awful in every way.   The only good thing about this movie is that it features a cameo from the original Spiderman. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of those films you only get to see once.   It's the one with a stupid idea: a young woman who, after being dumped by her boyfriend, decides to have sex with a snake.  It gets pretty gross pretty fast and there are some pretty gross sex scenes, especially the ones involving the woman with the snake.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is terrible. The story is lame. The main character is not funny at all. He is also annoying. The plot is also weak. I think that the studio was just bored at this point. The film is so bad that you can't laugh. I have seen a lot worse movies.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting something good from this movie, and it is pretty much just another bland action movie. I don't think they even tried to do anything new, but there are plenty of cool action sequences. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an epic movie. It is about a group of soldiers who are given the job of cleaning up the mess created by the British. They find a huge tunnel and are tasked with cleaning it up by getting to the bottom of a long list of mysteries. Some of these mysteries are quite interesting, and one of them is about an old man who has a huge garden, and a secret garden in the back of it. One day the man walks into the garden and sees the gardeners digging up his garden and putting his stuff in. The man thinks to himself, "that's a waste of my time and resources", so he gets out of the garden. He walks down the road and meets a lady who is waiting for him. They become friends, and the lady tells him of the old garden. The lady says that there is a secret room that she can enter when it is time for her to go into the old room and see the dead body. The next day the old man is back in his garden, ready to go to see his garden. There he sees the old lady standing in front of the entrance to his garden looking in at him. The old man walks in and tells the lady that he has forgotten something important, and he goes in. When he goes into the room he finds a room that he calls his 'haunted' room, and then the old woman comes in and she also calls the old chamber her 'haunt'. After this the old ladies gets a very good laugh out of making a lot of weird things happen, but it is all for show. They never get very far with the things they make happen, and as they are doing this the British start a war on them, and it is a terrible war, and there are many of them. The thing is, the lady's room is in the same place as the old mans room. The guy who does all the things with the old people is called the 'Old Man', and he has a garden that looks like his garden in it's original state. The only thing that doesn't look like it's garden in its original state is the garden itself, it has changed into a very strange looking garden. But then again that is how a lot things are changed into something else. I guess I am getting a little ahead of myself on what happened in the old place. I think the ending was a little weird, but I think it was a good ending. I thought the ending that the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is bad.   The film is a combination of cheesy campiness and a poor attempt at a comedy.  It features a variety of actors and is set during a baseball game, but it feels like a cheap, low budget, one-note sitcom. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I never thought I would see a film that was so bad I was afraid to watch it. But I did. A film that is so bad it is so sad it is funny it is a terrible film.    I have never seen a movie that so badly misrepresents a culture as this one does. It is a film about the American South. There is some funny parts but the main characters are a bunch of losers.  This is not a bad film by any means. I just never want to see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a disgrace to any genre that it is supposed to belong to.  The writing is terrible, the acting is terrible and the story line is bad.  It was a poor idea for a movie.  If I wanted to watch a bad film, I'd watch an episode of Star Trek.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know how I missed this movie when it came out. It has a good cast and a good story line. I liked it, but I thought the ending was just a bit abrupt.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film's a mess, which I can only assume was a budget constraint because the director's name is not the first one that comes to mind when thinking of action films.    I have not seen this film in years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not a bad film, but a bad one at that. The acting was bad. The cinematography was bad, and the story was poorly written and poorly acted. There was little action in the movie, but the actors really don't have the acting chops to carry the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie about a good girl who just can't catch a break. It's just a cheap knock off that is trying to make a buck off the popularity of a TV show that doesn't have any more value to it then it did in the 80's.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never liked a lot of comedy films. I just think that there is a lot wrong with this movie and I am not talking about the acting (which is great) I am talking about some of the ideas. A girl who is a cheerleader gets kidnapped by a bunch of school boys who have a very strange sense of humor and they have kidnapped her for a "game". The girls that have been captured are given a little red cape that is used to make them look like they are ready to go on a school trip. The school trip they are taken to is a theme park and this is where they meet the "little red dragon" that is the mascot for the park.  They are taken on a trip and are shown a lot about the theme park but they get into a fight with a bunch more kids and they all end up running away from this "dragon" because he is so scary. So the boys have been able to steal the little red dragon costume and the girls are able to get it back but they are then told by the little girl that if they have not been rescued by the time the clock strikes twelve they will be kidnapped again. The girls are so scared of the little dragon that they have to run away from the park and get away as fast as they can.  The boys decide that they need to do something about this little red haired girl and they go into the school and they kidnap her and then get the school principal to sign off on their plan. The principal says that they can only kidnap her for an hour and a half because the clock is ticking so quickly and then they can have their revenge on the school.   So the plan goes off like a runaway train. The little red hair girl is not having it and she decides to escape by going into the boys bathroom and jumping out of a window. They catch her and the boys chase after her through the halls and in the bathrooms. The only way they can catch her is to put a chain around her ankle and have her walk behind a big oak tree in the middle of the school grounds. The boys are so excited to finally get their revenge that they try to pull her out of the tree but they can't. So they leave her and run off.  I am sure that the movie was supposed to be funny but it was just a lot to watch and it made me feel very uncomfortable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "I was supposed to be on a bus for three hours and I didn't even get to see the last 30 seconds."  -I was going to go to the movies tonight but it was cancelled because of a flood. So I stayed home with my cat.I was expecting to see some good stuff in this movie, but I was wrong. The whole movie is a bad trip. There are a lot of bad people in this film, and a lot that are pretty bad as well. The ending of the movie is just so lame. I felt like I was watching some bad movie with a bunch of people that were supposed to look like they were real people. I mean, we all have that one friend who likes to dress up in drag and act like an old woman, right? So I thought the movie was supposed make us look at ourselves and see if we are all just as bad. It doesn't work that way at all. This movie is so bad it doesn't deserve to be called a movie at all, it is just bad. The worst part about it is that there are people in the movie that are supposed to resemble people that we actually know. I don't even know where to start. We have a bunch in this that are like really young, and then we have a couple that are old. We also have a little kid who can barely talk. The last one was supposed look like a girl but it is actually a man. Then there are a bunch that are really weird. Then we have some guy that looks like he is from the future that is also kind of ugly. Then some other people that look like robots. Then a couple of people who look like animals. Then the movie ends with a guy who looks like the president of a cult that just wants to eat people. This was just such a bad idea. It was a terrible idea.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a pretty lame movie, with a good cast and a terrible script.   I don't know what to say about this movie, other than it's not a very good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a bad film, but the characters are annoying and there's not much to do. It's just a bunch of actors who can't act well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is nothing bad about this movie.   It's a remake of the French film from 1959.  The plot is:  (view spoiler)   The film is about a couple who has to leave Paris and move to a small village in the countryside.  They don't have much time to get used to the village before they need to start the search for a missing girl.  It also deals with the relationship between the girl and her father.  A very cute film and I would recommend it to anyone who likes French films and love French characters.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like bad movies this is a very good movie.  The main character is a little boy who is being raised by his grandfather.  He is a nice guy but he is always being picked on and his grandfather wants to be the one to teach him how to be a good person.  This is a sad story of a little old man who has no friends and no good deeds to his name.  I would have enjoyed this more if it wasn't for the fact that it is so boring and uneventful.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am a fan of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show". This was one of the first movies I ever saw. I remember it was late at night. I got a little bit inebriated and started dancing and singing to the music. It was a great movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie with my dad and he said the movie was like a bad car movie with a few twists. He liked the acting of all the people but I didn't like the acting.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is just a terrible excuse for a western. The plot is pathetic, the actors are not at all good, the plot is just silly and cheesy and the acting is even worse than the movie itself.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a terrible film, in a sense that it is a movie about a terrible movie, which is a very good thing. The movie is made in the style of a horror movie and the movie takes place in a hospital and in a mental institution. It's a good film, but it doesn't stand up to the standards set by some of the horror movies that came out a few years earlier.  It's like a movie with a good story and bad acting, but bad acting is not that bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure what the deal is with these guys. They seem to be able to perform and do the stunts like the rest of the crowd, but the acting is terrible.    What a stupid movie! I'm so tired of all the lame, stupid, ridiculous, silly movies that have come out of Hollywood. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A low budget, low budget movie about a guy who is trying to make a living as a DJ by playing music to a mostly non-white audience, and his girlfriend.   It's not bad, but the story itself is very lame.  The plot:  After being cheated on by his girlfriend, a woman named Sarah (played by the great Susan Sarandon) tells him that he needs to make up with her, so he goes to the club and gets her to go along with him.  It goes wrong from the start.  Sarah wants to meet someone she calls "her man" (actually it's his best friend who is black).  Sarah, a huge racist, has a long list of racist jokes, racist attitudes and racist language, and at the end she is forced to leave by her boyfriend, and then we see the guy that she met earlier at the club, who is a white boy.  There is absolutely nothing redeeming about Sarah, or the black character in this movie.  What we see is a stereotypical black male who is constantly being called names and is constantly getting beaten up, even though it's a scene from a bad soap opera.  One scene I remember very clearly was when the black kid had to take the stairs while the white kid was on the first floor, and the white guy is on the second floor, the black guy is trying really hard to take a shortcut to get to the second storey but he keeps falling and he has to get back on the stair.  This scene is so bad that it's funny, but then I remember that this was a bad film.  And that's the way it goes.  Not bad, not good, not interesting.  If you were looking for a fun movie about black guys that you could take to your black friends' house to play video games and drink beer, this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that is so bad, it's actually pretty funny!  The movie has a very funny premise:    A woman named Susan is sent to a boarding school to prepare her for life as a wife and mother.   The movie is so ridiculous, it is hard to tell if it's real or not.  It has a ridiculous cast of characters, including a black woman who looks like she came out of a bad porno, a white woman who is always crying, and a guy who is a complete moron.  This guy makes no sense, but is really funny when he acts dumb.  I guess the funniest part of this movie is the "tournament" to find the "best" student.  In a competition, the school tries to figure out who is the best student, even though there is only one student. The film is so badly written that I have no idea who is going to win, let alone the "most beautiful" woman.  The story ends with an awkward scene where a kid shows up and tries to act like a school-girl.  There is also a little bit of nudity in this movie, but it is so ridiculously bad it is almost unnoticeable.  One of the main characters is named "Brunhilda", and she has the most annoying voice in the world.  My favorite thing about this movie was the ending.  You really can't tell who is winning until the final battle.  For all of its terrible jokes, the movie has one of the greatest endings of all time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those "you've seen this movie before" movies, so I'm sure the reviewer who watched it before is going to rave about it. This movie was a hit at the box office, and I'm glad it made it to the big screen. It's an entertaining flick that I didn't see coming. It is an "American" movie that feels very much like a Hollywood production. The actors play their parts well, the story is good, the cinematography is top-notch, and it all adds up to a very entertaining movie. It does not come across as a "bogus" movie in the slightest. This was not an attempt at making a "true" war movie, or a film that would "tell the real story of World War II." It is a fun movie that is definitely worth watching.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I hate this movie.   The story of this movie is just not interesting, I mean the whole movie is a bit too boring.  There are only 3 scenes that are really worth mentioning: - the first one is very, very long.  - the second one is a very boring sequence.  And the third one, what is it about?   Is it an adventure movie or a "What-The-Hell-Is-That-Mentality?" movie?  I can't really tell.  It seems like it's about a man who's trying to make money off the corpses of people who died.  I guess that's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the only film that has the audacity to be about anything at all, except that it has absolutely nothing to say. It is a "comedy" of a sort, a sort of "dramedy" in the way it is presented: a woman with a heart of gold who is about to be married to a man who is not. The wife is a terrible cook and the husband is a dreadful drunk. The whole thing is shot with a lot of charm and style, but there is no wit in it, and if it were a film that was made to be watched at home by people who wanted to watch a "drama" of the sort, it would be a film of which they would be glad to get off their couches. It would not have been worth the trouble, though I have to give credit to the director, who has a kind of skill with language which is very rare. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. The worst thing is the bad acting. It is so bad. It looks like an average movie with a great story but the acting is awful and it is very boring. The only thing that keeps me watching is the music. It keeps me entertained and I wish they would release the movie so we can see the acting again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I found the movie to be very dull. The script was written by an uneducated writer who had no idea how to write a story.   There is no humor in this movie.  This movie is all about the main character (Doris) who has a huge crush on a beautiful guy (Raymond). This guy is Raymond's best friend (David) and the two are very close.  Unfortunately, it is not until the end of the movie that the movie really gets interesting.  I could not take my eyes off of Raymond's beautiful face.  As a result, I couldn't get into this movie and I found myself bored by the end.  The movie had an interesting premise and was well made but I just couldn't enjoy it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was not a good movie. The acting was very bad, and the plot was a complete train wreck. The film was made by a guy who is not a director, and so he just gave up and took a dump.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only give this movie 3 out of 5 stars because the movie is so bad, the story is horrible, and the acting is horrible. The main character, Chris, is a little boy who has a big mouth, and his mom is an abusive woman who abuses him by hitting him in the face. This happens often, and he doesn't like it one bit. But it's okay, because in the end Chris is very happy. And that's about it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film. It's not even a bad-movie. It has a bad plot, bad acting, and a bad director. I have never been so annoyed in my life. It takes a long time for anything to happen in this movie, and we never get a real sense of how the bad guy is going to defeat the bad guys. In the end, they seem to be on the same side. It was just too much of a waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first few minutes of this film were absolutely wonderful. The setting was beautiful, the characters were all so interesting, and the actors were all amazing.   It was almost like a dream come true!   Sadly, the film ended up becoming one of those mediocre films that people are forced to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a pretty good horror movie with a good ending.   The story itself is very interesting and I really enjoyed watching it.  But the ending is pretty awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad remake of a good movie, it's very cheap and boring and I hate the director.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is nothing in this movie that isn't recycled from another horrible horror movie. The bad part is that it looks like this could have been a really good movie if the plot hadn't been completely screwed up.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. It has all the elements that make for a good comedy:    - The movie opens with a short story about a man who was a good soldier and then gets sent to the Pacific theater in World War II.   He gets there when the Japanese attack and all he can do is sit on a dock and look at all the dead bodies.  He's a bit traumatized and decides to go back to the States to find his family.  I would say the humor of this movie is very subtle.  - He meets a girl in a bar and they have a cute couple on screen.  But then they start a conversation about how men are like horses, and he says something to the effect of "women are like fish".   Then they decide to start a "horse and a woman" comedy show in the bar.  They get drunk and start bickering about how to make a joke.  It's really funny.  There is a lot of jokes in this movie but none of them seem to be about the war.  The movie has a lot more going on than the plot and the jokes are all about the guys having a good time and not really thinking about what's going on.  If this movie had the same budget as some of the recent "comedy" movies out there ( The Hangover, The Big Wedding, etc) I think it would have been really good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There's no way a movie like this could have been made by a kid. I can't even imagine how old this movie was.   I mean, what a crappy movie!   The dialogue is laughable, and the dialogue is not really funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie has some of the worst acting I've ever seen in a film, even more so than most of the "wacky" movies I've seen. I'm sure the director made the film just for the heck of it, to make some money, but there was just too much wrong with it.   The film opens with the main characters being shot and then the film jumps back to where they are at. They're all in a hospital room and a patient is there. They don't know why the doctor has shot the patient, but it seems to be an accident.  The next scene is them being put into a bed and they look to be doing okay.  I have a bad feeling about this movie, and I'm not sure why. I think the director wanted to make a quick buck, and he succeeded at it. It was a fun little film to watch, but at the same time, it was just awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you are a fan of films from the 1980s, you have probably seen the classic Star Wars: A New Hope.   I think this movie should be re-made.  Star Wars is such a fantastic and popular movie series that I have to wonder why people don't want to do it more often.  A New Dawn, in its original version, had all the ingredients: space battles, good characters, strong action scenes and a good story.  The film was very well made, with a beautiful score by John Williams, and the special effects were top notch.  This was also a great film to see with family members.  I remember seeing it in the theatre and wondering how I was going to get my parents to watch this.  But, as a parent myself, I'm happy to say they went to see it, and they have not watched it since.  In this movie, the Empire invades a planet, and then goes on to destroy several planets in the original film.  It's the first of many battles that will be filmed and put on film in a future film. I don't have much to say about the film itself.  There are a lot of good fight scenes, and an interesting story.    Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan, in contrast, is a complete disaster.  With its ridiculous plot, bizarre cast, and bad effects, it is one of the worst Star Trek films ever made.  If I had to choose between the two, I would probably choose Star Trek: A Different World, for a number of reasons:  First of all, it has a story that is interesting and not totally ridiculous.  Secondly, there are no CGI monsters, and all of the action scenes are filmed on film.   Finally, this is the movie that I saw as a child.  Yes, I was the same age as the cast of the Wrath of Kahn.  And I had no problems watching it.  To this day, I enjoy it, but I also remember it fondly.  Unfortunately, this was not the only bad Star Trek film. Star Trek III: The Search for Spock is a bit better.  While this film is not as bad as the previous two, it still has many flaws.  First off, I think the action sequences were a little better in the film than in the series.  Also, it was a lot easier to follow the plot in this movie than
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, a gangster is taken to the morgue for the autopsy of a murdered woman.  He is there for less than a minute before he begins talking.    He then goes on to say that he has a girlfriend, she doesn't like him, he's a bad guy and he is going to be murdered,  and when the police show up, he will give them a ride.  A lot of the people in this movie are trying to be funny, but most of them come off as annoying.    The acting is bad too, with the most notable actors being the young Bruce Willis and a young Marisa Tomei. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a film that will not make any money. It was made for a little over $100,000, and it is a disgrace. I did not like this movie at all, and I have been a fan of the show for over 25 years. The cast were not worth the cost, and the only good thing about this movie is the music. If you are interested in getting your kicks in the 80's, this is a great movie. If not, well, there are better ones out there.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are many terrible movies that I have seen, but this one, as I understand it, is the worst of the bunch.  The story is completely devoid of any sort of plot, and the movie never really gets going. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie that I've ever seen about a group of kids that go to a haunted house is a little bit too much like the Twilight Zone.  They do go there, and there are ghosts, but they also have a bunch of kids who get caught in the middle of all the madness. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The biggest issue with this movie is that it is the most generic of all bad movie bad movies.   It is so boring and stupid that the plot is so lame that you just want to skip to the credits. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am disappointed in this movie, it's an over the top fantasy movie where a bunch of people come together and try to save the world.   The acting is pretty bad, most of the time they act like they don't know what they are doing, which makes them all look like idiots.  It's not like they did a good job either, most scenes seem to be cut from other movies.  I guess you could say that I liked the concept of the movie but not the execution. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen many movies like this, and I hate them all. This movie is about a guy named Paul who is a car salesman and his ex-wife who was a prostitute. She gets involved with a cop and she's forced to have sex with him and he ends up making a mess of the whole thing. The only reason this is a bad film is because of how bad it is. There's a couple of good scenes, and one or two that are kind of funny, but that's all. I can't believe this was ever made. The actors were awful and the production company didn't even bother trying to be entertaining. I'm sure this is going to be seen by people who are fans of the original. I really hate this movie, and it's the reason why I don't think I'll ever go to see a movie again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The "E" is the most obnoxious movie ever made.   It is full of stupid jokes, stupid plot and stupid acting.  The story starts off like a bad horror film. The story takes place in a hotel where a man has killed himself.  When the hotel manager (who happens to be a girl) discovers this she decides to find out what happened.  This is where the story takes a turn.  After several days of investigation she decides that the man who committed suicide was a man called "The Beast".  He had been a guest at the hotel before and apparently died in a freak accident.  But then the manager discovers a book in the guest's room which contains the name "The Prince of Terror"  The manager decides to follow the book.  Eventually she finds herself in a forest and is forced to confront a huge monster.  Once again she is forced into a fight against the monster and once again she loses.  However, at the end of the film she decides not to kill the monster because she wants to save her life.  I am not sure what the plot was supposed to be here.  It was a waste of everyone's time.  Even the monsters are annoying.  If you like horror films this is a must see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are some really nice moments in this movie.   The first scene with the naked lady and the horse is great.  It looks like a scene out of a porno movie.     It's a scene with a naked woman and a horse.  It really has a lot of potential to be a really good movie. It's really a shame that this movie was never made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this movie is very slow, and even after it slows down it's still boring. I was expecting to get to the part where the boy gets a penis, but that part was really boring too. This movie isn't funny at all.  So what a waste of a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a bad film. It has nothing to do with the book, and everything to do about the book. It's the worst book I have ever read. It is bad enough that I would not recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to review this movie because I can't really give a shit.  It was a bad idea, and the actors are terrible.   I was really hoping for a movie that could make me laugh a little and make me feel bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think that the first act of this movie is bad, it's just that the movie doesn't make sense and never does.  We are first introduced to the protagonist, an older man (not sure how old he is).  He's married and has four kids, but seems to be a good man who loves his family and is not a bad guy, in fact he seems like he could be an alright father and husband.  As we are introduced to him, the plot begins to take shape and we are soon introduced to all the members of the family: a little boy, a little girl, an old man, an ugly old man (yes, he's ugly and the story has no redeeming qualities but hey, he does have a name), and a dog.  The plot revolves around this family and their relationship with each other.    The story itself is pretty boring.  One can see that the director has a fascination with dogs (and the dog family is quite large) and yet somehow that doesn't really translate into the movie.  What you end up with is an animated film that doesn"t even seem to have any idea what it's doing.  It's like someone watched "The Simpsons" and then tried to make an animated cartoon out of it.  But, hey, there's nothing wrong with a bad animated film.  I suppose the best thing about this film is that I didn't mind it much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I give this a negative rating is because there is a scene that I found really odd. The main character, a teenager who wants to have a girlfriend, is on his way to see his girlfriend's aunt, where he wants to meet a girl named Katie. Katie is very attractive and there are several guys who are interested in her. They all want to go to the same party. The scene where this scene takes place is actually quite funny. But the real comedy comes when the main character has to make a decision. Katie's aunt has a small farmhouse on a river and the main characters decide to spend the evening in the field. He is standing in the middle of the field, talking to Katie. When he starts to feel a little shy, Katie decides to go and sit on his knee. He's obviously scared, so Katie tells him she's afraid too. This scene ends with the main guy standing in a field of wheat, watching Katie in the distance.  The End of the Movie 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie I have seen in a long time. I am a fan of bad movies and this is definitely one of them. The acting is terrible and the writing is terrible. The story is not funny at all and the acting is not good either. It's not a bad film but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "I don't believe this movie can be good, or fun. It's a terrible mess, and I'm not sure why I watched it." - The Guardian   It is a good thing that this movie is not made in China, where they would never have a movie like this. If you want to see a movie where a group of people are playing a game that involves a lot of jumping, a lot drinking and lots of sex, this is the movie for you.   There are a lot more things wrong with this movie than there are good things. I have not seen the movie yet, so I can't say how well or poorly it is edited. I will say, it looks bad, the characters look stupid and the dialogue is unoriginal. If anyone knows Chinese, and can point out where the movie got its dialog from, please let me know.  , 3 stars is not enough to give this a positive review.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a film with a very simple premise. A girl named Alice has to get her revenge on a monster that is trying to kill her. The film takes place in the year 2010. It stars Sarah Michelle Gellar and she has the most annoying voice ever. She is voiced by Sarah Michelle, and that's pretty much all I need to say about her. And of course, the monster looks like a little green monster. This film takes a lot of liberties with the source material, such as the fact that the monster is actually the same creature that was killed by Alice in the original. It doesn't help that the characters are very dull. The acting is awful. The monster never speaks a word, so Alice doesn't even get to have a reason to have revenge. It's also quite a bit of a letdown, because the source book is actually very good, even if the film doesn't care to acknowledge it. It would have been much better if this film was adapted into a book, because at least the author could have taken the time to develop the characters a bit more. This is a pretty bad movie, and it has a lot to do with the fact I was expecting a much better film. I wish I could give this a lower rating, but the fact is that I was disappointed with this movie. I'm not sure why I thought that it was any good at all, but I guess I expected much better from a movie that was released 20 years ago. It just doesn't do anything new for the series, and I doubt I'll be watching it again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this in a multiplex when I was in high school. It is really a sad film. I don't think it was the director's intent to make a serious movie about drugs and alcohol abuse, but it is a film that just kind of drags.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love the movie but the ending is ridiculous and lame. I feel like it was made by someone who was trying to be a star but never did anything good so the only reason to watch it is for the star and the great looking cast and the music. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The bad:      There is an over-the-top action sequence where the protagonist is dragged along by his horse.   What?   This was not a horse dragging scene.  This scene was done as a way to highlight the fact that this film is not "funny."   In fact, it is extremely unfunny.  It has a couple of funny moments, but the main joke is a punch line.  The dialogue is extremely hammy, and the plot seems to follow some sort of convoluted logic.  I could not believe that I had watched a movie that was so awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was a good action film. The action scenes were good. The movie had great special effects. The story was good. I give this movie a 5 stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was an interesting film, I had no idea it would be so bad. The plot is not that great and the acting is not good either. This movie could be good, it could be very good. But I would not recommend it.   If I were to rate it as a movie, it would have a D-.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a movie about a bunch of people that get together for a dinner party and have a lot of fun. The movie starts off by telling a good story about the history of the Chinese people and the Chinese-Americans.   There are lots of laughs and a few moments of drama, but nothing too spectacular. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I haven't been impressed by this one. It's a film about a woman (played by Linda Blair) who is being forced to work in a brothel.  She tries to get out of the job by killing the owner and getting away.  I have to say that the brothel is a pretty small one.   The sex scenes are very graphic, and the gore scenes are more graphic than the rest of the movie.  There is not much of a story to this film, which I think is why I haven't seen it.  The one thing I have found interesting is that a few of the girls in the brothels have a problem with their husbands.  They believe that they are getting a better deal than their husbands and this is why they want to get away from their husbands, but they can't escape because their husbands are so hard to kill.  This is all done so quickly and with such ease that it really has no impact.  It has a couple of really good action sequences and a couple that are kind of just weird. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a really bad movie and one that doesn't work at all. The film is just bad. I mean, how can you get a laugh out of a bad joke? I mean come on, this movie has nothing to do with comedy, just bad jokes. The movie has no real characters, but there is a really annoying woman in the movie, and that's all.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I liked this movie. I enjoyed it. I didn't like it.   The story is good, but the acting was horrible. I have a hard time with acting in films.  I thought it was a fun little movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half of this movie is nothing special, but the second half is very good. The actors are decent, the story is not bad, and the acting is very funny.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I liked this movie.   Unfortunately the ending was pretty bad, I don't even remember why it was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love the movie, but I don't think I'll ever love it.   It's a fun little romp with a lot of good laughs, but it's just a lot to take in.  I think I've had a lot worse in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am giving this movie a 0 because the acting is so bad. If you're going to have a movie with actors who can't act like normal people then this is the movie for you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that really interested me was the characters and the movie itself.  There are so many problems with this movie that the plot is not worth mentioning at all. _________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't get this movie. It's basically a remake of the movie that never was. And the same with the original. And it's not a bad remake, it's just not very good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this in a cafe and this happened. I mean, the story was ridiculous, the ending was ridiculous and the movie was ridiculous.  It had a plot about a couple that goes on vacation to a beach where they end up being eaten by a huge sea creature.    This movie is terrible, I hate this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot was ridiculous.   It's basically a story of a guy who, for some reason, has a crush on a little girl who lives in a trailer park.  The problem is, the little girl (the main character, in the movie) is a spoiled, entitled, selfish little shit who hates everyone and everything.  It was a very annoying film.  And the movie didn't even last long enough for me to finish it.  I have a feeling that the people who make this kind of movies are very bad at their jobs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't say enough about the acting in this movie.  All the acting was excellent, and this was probably the first movie I've seen where I can say that I'm really surprised at the amount of talent in a movie like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was a bit disappointed with this movie.   The action scenes are pretty much all about the hero's "heroism" and his quest for "heroics" which is a bit annoying since the movie is all about what happens to him.  The hero's motivation and goals seem to be the only thing in this movie that makes sense.  I think there were a lot of cool looking things in this film but they were all about being a hero and killing things.  In my opinion there was a pretty good story behind the film but the execution is so bad that it really just made me sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a very bad movie.  The acting is so terrible it's laughable.  The only redeeming quality is the ending, which was a shock. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate to say this, but if you don't like bad movies, you will probably hate this one too.  This is not a good movie, it's a bad flick.    I was very disappointed in this film.  I would give it a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie doesn't need to be made at all.  This is a bad, dumb movie.  The movie has a plot and characters, but it doesn't make a damn bit of sense.    Why was a baby born at night?   I know that's a bad joke, but I'm serious.  The movie is about a girl who goes to sleep with her boyfriend and wakes up to find that she's pregnant.  It's a really weird movie and it's hard to figure out what it's about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was boring. The characters are not that interesting and the story is very predictable and predictable at that.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story:  The movie starts with an extremely over-the-top action sequence in a city called Nihonbashi, the main city in Japan. It has all the things a Japanese movie would have: people wearing uniforms, cars driving at high speeds, the city filled with people all dressed the same, a large building that looks like a prison but is actually a high-class hotel. Then we get our first appearance of the bad guy, a big guy with a big hat. He takes out a gun and takes a hostage. The hostage is the boss of a Japanese crime boss who is trying to steal a huge diamond that is hidden in the building.    He goes to the police and tells them that he knows where the diamond is and he is going to kill everyone who knows where it is. The police are very worried about the situation and decide to put a small team together to find it.  They find the diamond, which turns out to be a very large diamond and they find the bad guys. They end up getting killed by the badguy, which results in the police getting all of their money back.  The problem is that this is only the beginning of the movie.  For the rest of the story, the bad part is going on all around the city.  The bad guy:  It is a bad guy with two faces.  I don't think I have ever seen such a bad-ass mask in a movie. It is so big that it actually covers his entire face, and it is made out of a plastic substance that looks a lot like rubber. It looks like it is a rubber mask that was wrapped around a head. The bad guy has a lot of tattoos on his face and his head. He also has a big sword that he uses to stab people and kill them.  This guy is awesome.  What really makes him so bad-assed is that he is completely bald. He has a bald head, but he doesn't shave his head because he doesn t want to look like a bald guy.  Even his clothes are terrible. He wears some kind of weird metal underwear and some kind a dress with a long skirt. I really wish I could go into detail about the bad parts of this movie, but I will leave it at that.  So what is the story?  This movie is about a man named Daigo who has been given a mission by his boss to find the big diamond.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you don't like bad movies, then I don't know what you're looking for. It's like watching someone eat a sandwich while standing on a toilet, and then throwing it back up in the air like it's a balloon. If you were a little less self-obsessed you might enjoy this, but I think it's about as bad as a movie can get.  Did you like this movie? If you did, why not leave a comment?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're into horror, there is no better movie to watch than this. The only thing that is missing is the blood.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know what to think about this movie, I just didn't like it at all.   This movie seems like it was made for a cheap laugh and nothing else.  It's just one long story line of what I guess it's supposed to be.  The acting is just awful.  I can't see a single good thing about it.  If you like bad films, or movies that have little to no story, this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure what the point of this movie is.  The film has a lot of dialogue, but a lot less character.  It's like a very long interview where the interviewer asks a lot, but the answers are mostly useless and uninteresting.  I don't think it's very interesting to be interviewing a guy who has been in prison for 12 years.  There are a few good bits of dialogue in this movie, but it's all just boring and repetitive.   The film is based on a novel by Stephen King, and it's one of his best.  King is an excellent writer and his characters are very well developed.  In fact, I'd say that this movie could be one of the best King adaptations ever made.  This movie does have some very good acting, and I think that it's the director's fault that they used so many actors.  You can't have one of your actors in the same scene with a guy he has never met before.  The film is also a bit confusing, especially for people who haven't seen a lot King.  But for me, this is one of those films that King is better than anyone else.  You can get this movie on DVD from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I found the movie "The Devil in Miss Jones" to be an insult to the good Christian character.   It is a bad idea to get into the occult world.    I was shocked to see the way the director put together the film.  I am sure that the director, when he started to shoot, thought he had done a decent job.  But it was not to be.  His poor craftsmanship is evident.  It was an embarrassing film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not an exciting movie at all, and it's not really a "bad movie" at all. It's an excuse to get out of the house, see some movies and maybe, just maybe, find some joy in life. That's the only thing it's good for.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why I bothered to see this movie.  The acting is awful, and the cinematography is bad.   The only good thing is the music.  I guess it's alright?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is a scene in this movie that should not be missed.   I'm not sure if this is intentional or not, but this is an absolute masterpiece.  This is one of the most beautiful, emotional, and thought-provoking movies I've ever seen.  I highly recommend it to anyone who loves art, cinema, or a good story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So this movie is a rip off of the same movie "The Matrix".   The first thing I can say is that this movie doesn't seem to be a rip-off at all. It is really well written and is really a movie that you can really relate to. You have the same problems that we all have but it is done in a way that is so very relatable.   As you can see, it is a movie about a young man who is having a lot of trouble with his parents. After getting a job as a cashier at a grocery store he has a big fight with his mother and she tells him to stop talking to the cashier. He then starts talking to other people who are not there and this leads to him having a fight with a woman in a movie theater and then a fight in a grocery. The movie is so dark and depressing, I just couldn't watch it. It was just too depressing to watch and it was hard to watch the movie because it was so depressing. I can't think of anything else to say about it except that it is just depressing.  , I give it a 3.5/5 stars, it would have been a 4 if the characters weren't so unlikable and I don't want to see any more of these characters in movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was looking for a movie that would take the plot of an old western and make it into a thriller.   It didn't really work,   but I did like the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story of the movie is a little bit too obvious and predictable. This is a typical 'bad guy' movie where he is the 'bad' guy and it is a very predictable story. The characters are not very original either. The movie was made on a low budget. The story is just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would never have guessed that this movie would be so awful. The actors all seemed to be bored, and the movie was a complete disaster. A few scenes are actually funny, but the rest is just lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have nothing to say about this movie, other than to note that it is a truly terrible movie.  If you've never seen it, I wouldn't recommend it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a mediocre movie from the beginning to the end. It started out with a really boring story about a little boy and his dog, but the movie is nothing but boring. It's about the boy's grandfather who is sick and dying. The boy, however, finds a "magic" stick that can cure him of his illness. When he is leaving for the funeral, he sees his grandfather's coffin being pulled out by a funeral party. The party has a little girl who says, "I wonder if your grandfather is coming home?" The boy says, "...he's going to die. I wish I could do something about it." The next scene is the grandfather's house and there is a little baby with a doll's head and eyes. He says, in his dying words, "If you could cure me, I would really be happy." The movie doesn't end until the little boy has left, leaving his grandfather with a terrible, sad, sad feeling. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this on a friend's birthday and we all went out to see it. We were very impressed with the visuals, but the story just wasn't very good.   The only way I could describe it is a train ride with the characters from a movie in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie ever made.   It's a terrible movie and a waste of time.  There are lots of problems with this movie: 1. The story is a terrible mess. It has been done before, but never by a director this bad. 2. It's about a guy who has a magical sword that can make him invisible. It makes him invisible to the world but he still sees people, even when he's invisible. The movie has the following problems: 3. The only interesting thing about the movie is the magical sword. It just doesn't have any effects whatsoever. It looks like it was thrown together in a day. It also has some really bad acting (even by a bad director). 4. It doesn't really do anything new with the idea of invisibility. It only uses it to explain the plot of the movie. 5. The magic sword is boring.  It doesn the magic sword.  I could have watched this for 15 minutes and thought it was a decent movie.  If I had seen this movie when I was younger, I would have loved it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not a big fan of these movies and they're pretty bad but this is one of the worst of them.   1/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a very good movie with a nice plot and a good story line. But there is just so much wrong with it that it just gets worse and worse and then it just goes downhill. I mean, there is this woman who is a lesbian and she is just totally in love with her woman and it doesn't matter if he is a man or a woman and she can't stop herself from calling him by the wrong pronoun and calling him her boyfriend and then she is the only one that actually cares about him, even though he is just a poor man and it is like she has nothing to live for and she just sits around doing nothing all the time and there is no point to it, it is just all just too stupid. And it is all too stupid for me, I mean this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, I'm a big fan of the Twilight Zone (TV series), and I have to say that this is not much better than the old version of the series.   There's not much to talk about here.  It's a bit like a remake of the movie The Man Who Fell to Earth.  And, I must say, I've always thought that the movie was actually much better and more interesting than the TV version. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's like a horror movie from the 70's, and even the title sounds like it's going to be some kind of horror movie. What they ended up making was a horrible, nasty movie, and I don't even think the acting is up to par.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really enjoyed this movie and I think it has a great story to tell.   There's a lot of humor in this movie, but it never gets too out of hand.  I did find it funny that the movie ends with a really cheesy ending and it was kind of sad that the end didn't feel like a "twist".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really liked the first "R.L. Stine" film. This is not one of those. The acting was good, but I found the writing to be lacking. St. John the Baptist's voice was good. But, I felt the story was lacking. The "toys" that the characters got from St. Jude were not toys that we really want to get. We need something else to play with. I also felt the movie was too long. But it was very good, and I enjoyed it a lot.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a bad film.   A boring one.  It's not bad, just a bad one. I really don't like this movie.  A couple of days before I saw it, I heard about this movie from a friend who told me it was bad.  I don't really know how to describe it.  If it's not boring, it's just a boring movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a good old fashioned ghost story with a very strong central performance by a truly great actor in the tradition of Alfred Hitchcock, and a few decent special effects.   This was a movie that was made in the 1930's for the sake of the stars, and it would have been better served with a little more production value. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really liked this movie. The story and the characters were all well done and the acting was decent too. It was a bit slow but overall a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have never seen a movie quite like this.   This is a bad film, I think the actors have to be paid more than the $1.00 they are being paid.  The characters were all very one dimensional and the story was very boring.  My only real disappointment with this movie was the ending, I just hope it is not too long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this movie in a small theater at the local college. It was really fun to watch!   It has some cheesy dialog, but it wasn't a bad film.   A couple of kids are getting their driver's license, so they go to a park and watch a little dinosaur movie, with dinosaurs in the background and the dinosaur talking.   One of my favorites!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only movie I've seen where the audience never changes.   They keep on laughing through the entire thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A low budget movie from 1986. The plot is that a group of friends go to a party and get lost. In a nearby forest, they meet a beautiful girl named Lorna. The friends become obsessed with her and try to get her to marry them. Unfortunately, the girl is the sister of a rich man who has just come from a business trip to England. After the first few dates, they break up and try again. Eventually they fall in love and plan to marry each other.   I would never have thought that a movie about a bunch of teenage boys, in a forest, getting lost would be good. I guess it is good for them because they are getting a little older, and they have all gotten a little wilder. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a fun little film. There are some interesting characters and it was fun to see them do their silly little antics. I don't remember much else from the movie. It is about a couple who have a new baby girl and are trying to make their new home a bit more comfortable for her. The couple have a big new house to decorate but, the house is not big enough for all the people that want to live there. The only problem is that they don't have enough room for the dog. They go to the pet store to buy a dog but, they don'...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I hate this movie.   This is the worst movie I've ever seen.  This movie is just a bad rip off of another movie called " The Wicker Man ".   The whole movie is based on a fairy tale about a young boy who finds a strange stone.  He takes it home and he gets into a big fight with his father.  The next day he goes to school and is attacked by a monster.  Once again he gets in a fight with him and this time the monster is real.  Then a fairy comes in and tells him he can use his magic to get rid of the monster. So he uses it and the monster gets destroyed.  I'm not sure what the point of this movie was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie sucks.  I just wish it was better, so that I could enjoy it more.    This is the second time in a row that a writer has given me the chills with a script.  I'm not sure if he's being more clever or less clever, but it's very hard to watch a movie that I would have preferred was better.  It is very hard not to laugh.  In my opinion, this is a very funny movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story starts with the characters talking about a big snow storm, and it's a very typical story of snowmen. The snowmen are all bad and are all the same. One of the snowmen even says he can't find his wife because she's in a tree. Well, this is a story of a big bad snowman, and I think that the writers did a bad job of it. The acting in this movie is very bad and very cheesy. The voice acting is very awful, and there is only one thing that is good in this film. The music in this is bad as well. The story itself is a big disappointment as well, and the ending is not really a surprise.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I just don't get how they managed to sell a movie with an 80's look, a 70's style, a low budget, and a bad ending.   It was so poorly made I would have felt sorry for the poor kid who had to put up with the terrible acting and the cheesy music. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As far as I am concerned, this movie is the lowest point in the entire movie-story line. It is one of the most pointless movies I have ever seen. The characters are all boring, the movie itself is very boring, and the story line is just boring. The movie is very stupid, and I thought it was a parody of the classic movie-comedy-horror-etc. The only redeeming factor of this movie are the scenes with the monsters. The monster designs are excellent. The acting is pretty bad, and a lot of times they were not even acting, it was like they were talking to themselves.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am in love with the new Ghostbusters film.   It is just so funny.  And a great cast.  I just love it.  I am a fan of the movie.  It looks great, it has a good cast, and I like the idea of ghosts and the new Ghostbuster.  A nice cast too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie with a bad premise.  The premise of the movie is that a group of kids find a dead body of a guy who was shot by a sniper in a train.    The guy who shot the guy is a sniper.    The kids then go off to the train to find out what happened.  When they get there they see that the sniper is still alive and shooting at people.  This is pretty much all you need to know about this movie.  I'm not a big fan of the idea of a kid being a sniper and I can see why some people would like it.  There are some interesting moments in the movie that I liked.  The plot is pretty bad and I felt like the whole thing was just a lame excuse to get the kids to go out to shoot people.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of this film is as follows:  Dr. Molloy (played by John Ritter) is a brilliant medical man, who has worked in hospitals all over the world, treating everything from brain-damaged soldiers to people with AIDS. One day, he is called by his boss, Dr. Prentiss (played in the film by Peter Falk), to work with a patient (played, I kid you not, by John Hurt).  They are on the way to a hospital, which they have been invited to see by the hospital president.  In a very nice touch, the president says that if the patient is not able to go with the doctor, the patient will have to stay at the hospital.    The patient, a woman, has a tumor on the back of her neck, which she has to be sedated in order to be treated.  The doctors are worried that the tumor will spread and destroy her brain.  Dr. M. is worried too, and tries to find a way to remove the tumor without damaging the brain. The problem is, she cannot remove the entire tumor.  To do this, she needs a scalpel.  She goes to a doctor in the hospital, who is an expert at removing tumors using a scalpell, but he is not a surgeon.  He also is not very good at the surgery.  Instead, he tries to sedate the patient using something that will also sedate her: an ice cube.  However, the ice cube makes the patient's head feel cold.  When she asks the doctor why the ice causes the head to feel cold, he explains that he doesn't know.  As Dr. Ritter's patient goes into anaphylactic shock, she begins screaming, and Dr. D. (played as an incompetent incompetent idiot by Peter O'Toole) attempts to remove her head using the ice.  At this point, a nurse (played with the same ineptitude by Anne Bancroft) shows up and drags him off.  While Dr. O'Driscoll is out of the way, Drs. M and Prentess decide to do the surgery on the patient.  They start with removing the tumor and a large piece of her skull.  But when they remove her brain, it turns out that the brain has been eaten by the tumor.   After this horrific discovery, the two doctors begin to panic
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think the director is one of the best of our time. I have been seeing movies for over 25 years and have seen everything, so I was amazed at the originality and talent of this film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this to be a very uninspired movie.  A bunch of random people are all in a bar and a man is about to give a speech about how much he hates gay people when the owner of the bar starts to make out with one of the guys.  I don't really know what to say about this.  It's not even funny.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to this movie, but it is very bad and a waste of money. The actors are good, the director is a genius, but this movie is a total disappointment.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have to admit that I am a little annoyed with this movie. I'm sure it's going to get an Oscar nomination for "best comedy" but that doesn't mean I have any faith that it will be good. The acting is good and it's got a good story and plot but it just seems to me that it's just a bad, bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is bad. The script is terrible and it has one good scene. The actors in this film were all pretty good, but that is all they are good at.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm sure it's not a surprise to anyone to say that this movie is a pretty mediocre, forgettable, poorly acted, poorly directed, and poorly acted. I have been looking forward to seeing it since I heard about it and the hype that surrounds it (it is a big movie) has not been worth it. I can't say anything good about this movie. It is not even bad. It just isn't that good. There is nothing particularly wrong with it, but it's pretty mediocre and it doesn't stand out that much. There are a few moments where you can see a bit of talent in the actors, but most of the time it is just kind of dull. I was looking forward too see a remake of a movie I really like, but this one just doesn't hold a candle to the original. It's just not worth it, not even for $2.50 a pop. I've seen this movie three times and I will not be seeing it again. It has been a few years since I saw it, and I don't remember much of it. Maybe I'll watch it again, but I think I'll stick to the classic horror movies that I still love to this day.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie does nothing to advance the plot or character development. It's about a bunch of criminals who decide to steal a van full of jewelry from a jewelry store and then go rob it. The film is full of bad acting, poor plot, and the film is so long that it's hard to see a damn thing that happens for a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was never a big fan of the "Cocktail Hour" films, but this one had a lot of charm and a very original premise: The film is set in the early 1900s and is set at a time when people are starting to take a little more interest in their food and drink.  This film was filmed in the 1920s and it's one of those times when a lot is going on.  This film is full of so many fascinating elements that I don't even know where to begin:  The music is very catchy, with some nice horns and a beautiful melody.  It's a bit of a slow film but the music is so good that I never got tired of it.    There are a lot more fascinating scenes to look at in this film:   The movie is a lot like a "pantomime" or a "fairy tale" because you get a lot to look and listen at.      I like the idea of the film.  If you like films with a good sense of humor and a good story, then you should give this a try. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was excited to see this movie because I'm a huge fan of the original trilogy and this is one of the best remakes ever made. This is a film about an aging actor who decides to do a movie where he gets to act like an 80-year-old man and does some old-timey things with the ladies. It was kind of a mess. The acting is very good, and it's not a bad remake at all. It has a few problems, but there's no question it was a great movie, and if you like that movie, this is a good movie to see. It's funny, it's charming, and its just a fun time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is really stupid, the acting is bad and the plot is stupid as well.  What is really funny is how the two protagonists are so similar in personality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie has been called a sequel to the film that inspired it:  It does not look like it is trying to be a sequel but I think it is more of a follow-up.   I don't know if I would call it a remake.  I think this is a good movie with great acting.  If you like the first one, you should give this a try. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "We should all be grateful for a good movie." - Roger Ebert   I don't think that's how it's meant to be.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie.   It is a very bad movie with a horrible story.  A man and his two friends who are on their way to a party get stopped by some people and they steal their cars.  The man is caught, he is beaten, his friends are beaten.  In the end, the man is beaten again and killed.  It's a bad film with bad acting, bad acting and bad acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure how this movie was ever made.  The story was a bad one, about a woman who is the victim of a horrible crime.    A woman's body is found in a ditch in the woods, and is missing an arm. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very bad movie and I have never seen a worse one.   I'm not sure how they did it but they made a horrible film that is devoid of humor and charm.  The actors were good but the story and the acting are very bad.  I have seen worse but this was way beyond the limit.  They just made a movie that is full of stupidity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie sucks! The acting is terrible and the plot is retarded. I don't understand what is going on in this movie, why are there giant snakes that kill people? Why do the snakes go out at night? What is with the giant snakes? What did they do to the people? What was the snake's name?  The main characters are stupid and boring. I wish they would have made this movie more like the original, like they did with the movie about the giant snake.  If you haven't seen this movie yet, you might as well skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a "Wizard of Oz" of a movie. It is a total mess of an idea. The first 30 minutes are boring and uneventful. The movie then starts to focus more and more on the characters and it really gets interesting at around the halfway mark. This movie has a lot of interesting ideas, but it is a mess of a film. There are a lot wrong things happening that are not funny at all. The ending is really cheesy and is just a horrible way to end a movie that is already so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie about a guy that doesn't like the same old thing, especially if it involves a girl.   It's a bad flick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line is predictable. The protagonist has an argument with his ex and the wife and the ex has a gun. The girlfriend is on the phone with the husband saying he is leaving for work and the husband replies he will call her when he gets home.  They then talk about how she will be home soon and the boyfriend gets a phone call.   The girlfriend says they are going to meet the wife at home and the guy says he is going to buy them some food.    The girlfriend leaves the house to get some food for them.  She says the guy is going in his car.  The boyfriend says he needs to go.  When she gets home the girlfriend tells her about what happened.  She goes to the house and says the wife is there.  They are having an argument.  Now the girlfriend says she doesn't want to see her at work.  Then she tells her she is going on a business trip to Chicago.  At this point the girlfriend wants to leave but the wife won't let her go. The guy comes in and the girlfriend is crying.  After a while the boyfriend comes in the house.  He apologizes for the fight and says he was out of control and the woman was in the way.  It is a horrible movie that is based on a bad novel.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's pretty much all over the place with this one.  There's a story about a young boy and his dog who go on a safari to save a group of animals from a pack of wolves.    The story is all pretty silly.  There's a bit about a guy who eats his own organs (it's a pretty gross scene) and a bit where the young boy takes off the top of a giant animal's head, and then the top comes off the animal's stomach, and there's a scene where a kid is attacked by a dog, but he is able to escape.  The kids go back to the safari and then are attacked by the wolves, but they escape. And that's pretty good.  It's kind of like a mix between Jurassic Park and The Smurfs.  I have to say, it's a little weird seeing this movie, but I guess I was expecting a bit more from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, the premise of this movie is pretty cool:  You are at a gas station at the end of the road in the middle of nowhere, and there is a dude, probably a guy, sitting by himself at a small table in a corner. He is probably just getting some alone time.  There is a couple, probably both men, sitting at a table nearby.  The girl looks pretty hot, but she has no personality, she doesn't even have a boyfriend.  Anyway, she and her guy are having a very pleasant conversation, talking about everything: her boyfriend, the weather, the people in town, the food, the movies...  They are just hanging out, just relaxing.  But it turns out that the girl is cheating on her boyfriend!  This makes the guy a bit suspicious.  He goes into the gas station to confront the girl, and she just kind of gives up.  At the end, the guy has a big confrontation with her.  So far, so good.  It is a nice, quiet movie.  I was thinking this would be a movie about two men who hang out at a diner together, but it is more about the girl.  In fact, the movie is more of a love story.  She has a lot of problems, not least of which is a lot on her plate, which she has to clean up (by burning the place down), which takes up a lot more of her time than she'd like.  And there is this girl who seems to be a very nice person, and maybe she would be the perfect girlfriend.  This is the movie's weak point.  That is to say, it is very simple, and not very interesting.  Even if it were interesting, there is not a whole lot of development, and even though I enjoyed it, it didn't really get me thinking.   It was pretty obvious that this guy was a bit more of an ass than a gentleman.  And you know, if you are a guy who just hangs out with other guys, you might find this movie a bit boring, but if you like to get into a fight with other people, or if you want to see people get in fights, this movie will be fun!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a film about a man who can't get a date and a woman who wants a man for a friend.   The only redeeming feature of this movie is the fact that it's a little too long, but it's also really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is like a cross between the Twilight Zone and the Twilight Saga, where you can have fun watching a character's "fairy tale" come true. But that's not all the movie is about. A good movie, but I can't give it 5 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is one of the worst ever made.  It has bad acting, bad music, and terrible writing.  I thought this was a comedy, but it turned out to be a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very old fashioned comedy about a pair of thieves (who were, of course, a couple) who try to rob a bank in order to pay off their old gambling debts. But when they steal the money, they have a change of heart and decide to steal the bank's biggest vault instead, as the money in there would be worth a fortune if they could get it out. But before they get very far, the cops show up and they're arrested, and the police chief decides that the police should be very strict in these matters. They're tried and convicted, but the chief is convinced that they're not really guilty, because they have such a good plan. But the other side is determined to show that they did something wrong. They decide to escape the jail and get back to their own hideout. But, just as they get back there, they find that they have been tricked by the chief's son, who has been working for them all along. The police are very angry and the chief decides to let the two go, but not before giving the two a chance to give him a nice little present. He gives them a new car and a new name, and gives them their freedom. But in the end, they end up back at the old hideout with the money still in the vault. The cops are still after them and, after another failed escape attempt, they get caught by the cops and are executed by a hanging. But they've already done something that the cops are not very happy about. The two of them have stolen the most valuable thing in the world. And they'll probably do it again, because that's what they do.   The movie itself is kind of funny and it has a certain charm to it. The acting is pretty good, especially when the two of the thieves have their little talk in jail. I think it's also nice that the director, Paul McGuigan, is a fan of "The Three Stooges".   I give this movie a 2/5, not a bad comedy, but it's not really a very good one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is a mess and the story is also the only reason I will watch this movie. The actors are all pretty bad and the special effects are mediocre at best.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had me in tears at the end.  It's the only reason I saw the movie.    There were a few times that I thought that the movie might end at the very end. But then it just ended.  I was expecting something more but I guess I was hoping for something better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just finished watching a bad and stupid movie. I can't even begin to describe how stupid this movie is.  The movie starts with a beautiful young woman (who's name I cannot remember, but the name of the movie is not pretty) running around in her underwear while singing a song about a man named Mr. G.    This is about the time the story of a man called "The G", a giant man with the head of a pig.  This G is a man that has a giant penis.  I guess it's just a bad story, but I don't understand why it's so bad.  It's very hard to get through the movie, and even harder to watch.  If you like bad movies, then this is the one to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love this movie and I love it so much that I don't even need to review it.  The plot is simple.   The girl who wants to be a lawyer wants to marry the lawyer's son, but her father doesn't like that idea.  The girl, a very pretty girl named Sally, is a real estate agent.  She's married to a lawyer named John who she met at a bar in New York.  Sally is a very nice person and a very good friend to John.  After a few weeks of being together, she gets pregnant.  John is so excited about the birth of his baby, that he's not even thinking about the wedding.  At the wedding, the bride is given a present by the groom: a little red toy airplane that she is supposed to ride into the sunset.  So they get ready to fly away and Sally is excited, until John notices something wrong with the plane and pulls it out of the ground.  This causes the plane to crash and kill John. Sally then starts to freak out.  The only way she can cope with the death of her husband is to get a divorce.  But her new husband is also very much into airplanes, so it's not going to be easy.  As she struggles to come to terms with the loss of her son, John comes to visit her and helps her get over the loss.  He doesn't tell her how he's feeling about it, though.  It's pretty much just a little love story.  Unfortunately, when she starts to go out and find a new lawyer, her old one turns out to be an asshole.  His real name is David, and he's a jerk.  David is also married and has a wife.  I don't know how he came to be married, but it's really sad that he got married to someone who is so mean to Sally.  They both want Sally to stay married, though, and so David's attitude doesn't really help.  Eventually, David tries to kill Sally.   This causes John to come into the picture, and John is very protective of Sally. He's a really nice guy, though!  He's very sweet, and tries to help Sally and John through their problems.  What I love about the movie is how it's just such a sweet love story that never really gets mean or cruel.  There's also a good amount
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "craziest" movie I've seen in a long time.  I have seen a few movies that were not bad, but not this.    If you can't be nice to your friends, don't be a friend to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story was very weak and the plot is just lame and the acting is really bad. It doesn't make sense, and it's just so cheesy, it makes me want to punch someone in the face. I mean, if it wasn't for the weirdness of the movie, I would have just watched a clip of the "Sharknado" on the Internet. I just can't stand it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are a lot of problems with this movie. One of them is that they don't bother showing you how much damage the shark has done to the beach (where the shark comes ashore). So you think that the shark is going to be able to swim through the surf and get out. Then you look down and realize that there are holes in the beach and the beach is covered with water. Then the shark goes up and up through the water and gets out of the water. But the film doesn't explain how he got out of it. It doesn't tell you how he came ashore. It just says he came and went and went. The film also has a bad soundtrack. I can't believe that they used a bad film to promote a bad product. It was so bad that even the bad sound effects were too good to be true.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is an overblown mess of a movie.  A big movie, a little movie, but a movie nonetheless.    The movie's not very good, but that's a good thing, and it's an enjoyable mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is a very interesting, but short, story that is being played in the background.       It is called The Last Man on Earth.   In this story the story of a man who can't be found, and who has lost all the money in his bank.  And in this movie there is a group of people who have come to search for him.  There is a movie called Man in the Mirror.  This movie is very good and interesting.  I wish I could find a copy of this movie.  It looks like a story that was written by John Hughes.  You should check it out if you haven't seen it.  Here is a short review: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this for the first time at the screening at the new Cinemagic Theater, on the Coney Island boardwalk. It is the same old "slick" comedy with the same predictable, hackneyed plot.   The film is a bit slow at times, and the plot is a little confusing at times.  I found it hard to watch, because it is too predictable, and I do not like the overuse of the word "slack".   As a kid, I liked the short films by Buster Keaton, and it looks like the first one from that collection is a sequel to this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very poor, very cheap, and very short movie that is so bad that it would make your head spin. The story is very cliche, it involves a woman with a strange way of getting back at her ex-boyfriend. She has to use her beauty and the power of love to seduce her ex's best friend. Unfortunately, it is the best friend who is the most useless. This is only made worse by the fact that this is only the beginning of the movie. I don't think I could go through it again and again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a film where a kid tries to go to a funeral by motorcycle. What does he do? He rides the motorcycle, runs over the guy with the urn and then runs over a horse.   The worst part of this movie is that this guy doesn't get a medal. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I know this movie has been done and done again.   It is one of those "what was it like when the Russians invaded Poland in 1939" movies.  It takes place in the early years of the Cold War and is about a Polish soldier who meets his Russian counterpart in the woods and is quickly caught by them.  I am a little disappointed in this movie as it is a little too simplistic.  The Russians are a lot more advanced than the Poles and have superior equipment.  They have tanks, trucks and airplanes and have captured Polish soldiers who they use for target practice.  Their technology is advanced enough that they don't need to use Poles to practice.     The Poles have some very impressive gear and equipment is pretty impressive, especially if you have never seen a real Polish soldier before.  However, they have little training and no proper combat experience.  In fact, they are not even able to keep up with the Russian equipment.   I think the movie could have used a little more focus in some scenes and more time in others.  But, it is still a good film with a good cast and the good acting of the cast is enough to make this film worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie that tries to be all things to all people, including all of its own fans, and yet, it fails. The script is so bad, the acting so bad it makes me want to cry. The movie was directed by the same guy who made that other terrible "porno-porn" movie (a remake of "Tropic Thunder"), so I guess this one isn't as bad as that one, but still, the writing, the directing, the dialogue, the direction, the cinematography, the musical score - all of it is so, so, horrible. It is like a bad version of "Mulholland Dr.", except instead of being set in a desert, this one is set in an abandoned warehouse in New York. It's just a complete mess.   The story is really bad, and that's before you get into the horrible acting and the awful plot. The premise is that an alien spaceship lands on earth and crashes right next to the family of an obnoxious rich guy. The guy has a son who he believes is the reincarnation of his dead son, who had been shot in a freak accident. The alien then comes out and tells them the story of his life, and then the father takes him to the desert, where he believes the alien's son is still alive. The dad then tries to convince his son to become an astronaut, and he does, in fact, get his shot at being a space hero, but it all goes horribly wrong.   a lot of people would just leave the movie, but the son stays with his dad and goes on a trip to the alien planet, and it all seems like a good idea at first, but then it goes to hell. He goes to the home planet, finds that it's full of angry monsters, and fights them off with the help of some alien helpers. At this point, you should be thinking "why is the alien helping him fight the monsters?" Because, why not? It's not like he's some kind of alien-invader-spy-in-the-making. He's just trying to protect his son, and the monsters are a nuisance, so he just lets them run wild and then runs back to the spaceship. But then, he finds out the aliens can control the spaceship, so instead of going back to save his son and his spaceship, he decides to go back to earth and destroy it. But it's too
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good, fun, well-written movie about a group of college kids who visit a town that's plagued by the ghost of a famous musician.   Well, there's nothing else I can say except to give it 4 stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a terrible movie.   I watched it to see what all the fuss was about, so I would know what to expect.  I had high hopes for this movie. I thought it would be the first time I saw a good horror movie. Instead I was just aghast at how bad it is.  The acting was awful.  It was horrible to watch the actors go off the rails.  You would think they had been watching too many movies and just came up with a good idea to scare the viewer.  And the story was terrible.  There was no real logic to it at all.  This movie could have been a lot worse, but I can't imagine the film making any money at the box office. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love this movie, and the actors are great, but it is a very bad movie. It is about an alcoholic who is about to go to prison. He is sent to a special mental institution. He gets along well with the other patients, and they all seem to be having a great time. He tries to convince his friends that the people they are hanging around are the same people they know from the bar. He tells them about the man he met that night at the bar, and how he got a job working at the prison. When he gets there he meets a woman who is the head of security. He falls for her immediately. But she thinks he is a stalker, and won't let him near the woman who has an important job. He goes out on his own to try to find her. The movie is fun to watch. I love how the inmates act like the inmates at the mental institution in real life. It was funny watching the prisoners at the jail laugh and joke with the inmates in the mental hospital. The scene where they all go to a dance club is great, especially the song about the bar scene. This movie is a great comedy, but its not funny at all. I am sure that a good director could make a much better movie than this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is bad, the plot is the whole plot.  It takes place in the late 1800's and the plot consists of the main character (a man) and his friend (a woman) who have to make their way to the border.   It is a little bit odd since the characters are not very likable.  They are a couple who are separated after a tragic accident, which they think is the result of a murder.  I don't want to spoil it for you but I can't help but think that this was the most obvious film that you could ever imagine.  It makes you wonder what could have happened if these two people got married.  So if you ever thought that the movie "Borat" was about a man and his girlfriend getting divorced, then you would have a lot to be glad about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story of this movie is not that good. The main character is very dull, I have to say. I'm sure this movie would have been much better if the director had tried to create a better plot. I guess they had to show a little bit of the violence and I suppose it could have been a little better if they had used more violence. I did not like this movie at all.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would have loved to see the end of this movie.   It is boring, tedious, and very overplayed.  There is a whole bunch of stuff going on, it would be a lot better to cut it down to a nice little movie, like a good action movie, or a good comedy.  I think that it would have been even better if it was a different kind of a movie, not the typical, boring, overplayed action movies like The Matrix or The Expendables.  A lot of the time the movie is just going on and on, then there is some stuff that just takes a backseat and doesn't seem to matter at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not so bad. I like the premise and I like how the story is told in a series of vignettes. The writing is okay, the actors are good and the movie is entertaining. The story is not all that interesting, and it would be more interesting if it had some more interesting scenes. It's a short movie, so I don't think it will get into many people's minds. But I like it and I hope they can make another one someday.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't recommend this film enough. It is a good, fun time filled with funny lines, an amusing cast, and a good old fashioned plot. It's a movie that you can laugh at and watch, but I can't get over the fact that it is so incredibly boring. I don't see why they would spend all that time on this. I guess it's because there is no humor or wit. It has no depth at all, and all the jokes are obvious, which is fine for a kids movie, but not a good movie for adults. I would have liked to see some actual character development, and maybe a little less of the "kid gets in a fight" type stuff. It really just gets old after a while.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is not great, but there are at least a couple of interesting scenes.  It is a very bad film and if you are into movies that are bad, this is one you will not want to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has a great plot.  You want to see how a real person can deal with a bad situation.    There is nothing in this movie to make it worth a second viewing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a good story about a little girl, who gets lost in a forest, and ends up in a strange place with strange people, and a mysterious man who knows her. The movie is not as good as the title, but it has a few good ideas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie that is absolutely terrible. I will say that I am not a huge fan of horror, but this is so bad that it is worth seeing for the sake of a laugh. The film is a remake of the film The Devil's Rejects and the movie was so bad I had to watch it again. It is a poor adaptation, with horrible acting, terrible acting, horrible writing, and terrible acting. The only good thing about the movie is that the actors do their jobs well, and that is about all I can say.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is just so dull and boring. The acting is bad and the plot is not even interesting at all. The only character that does not seem to have much to do is the woman who is being stalked by a serial killer and she is just there to look pretty.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies ever made, not just a bad film, but a bad concept. You are told to watch it at a movie theater, but there are no movies in the theater, and there is no reason to see this movie, except to be reminded that there are bad movies in movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I was saying, this movie is not good. I really don't think that I can do it justice, so I'm not going to bother. It was not bad, but it was not great. It really is a bad time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know this isn't the best movie I've seen, but the first 30 minutes are absolutely terrifying.  This movie, from start to finish, was designed to scare people.  And it works.  There are no laughs in this movie.  It is more than that.   I've never seen anything like this.  You don't want to go to this movie unless you want to be scared the rest of your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film is a terrible, and yet I like to watch it!    In this movie we get to see a woman called Mary Jane, who looks like a child.   Her father is a man, who is very abusive.  He's got the face of a clown, and he doesn't seem to have a sense of humour at all.  She is in the wrong place at the wrong time.  I have never seen a movie that made me want to vomit!  And this film was not made to make money, it was made to look good, and to show that the old masters like Marlene Dietrich were not all evil!  What really got me was the film's use of colour, the red and blue, as well as the white and black, look fantastic!  A film that really makes me think! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an extremely bad movie.   The story is stupid.  And the acting is so bad.  They have all the equipment of a movie made by someone who knows nothing about acting.  The film starts with a long shot of a room, with people sitting around a table. Then it cuts to another long shot. And the same thing happens. The same scene is repeated over and over again. This movie is not funny. It is only boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very poor movie that has nothing going for it. I mean, it's about a bunch of kids who are in a car crash, and they end up in a forest, and the movie basically ends there.   The story is so silly.  There are no real problems here.  I've already heard the reviews of this movie: "Why is it called 'Tale of the Unusual Twins'? It sounds like it was made by people who didn't have any idea what they were doing."   I'm not sure why this is called "Tale Of The Unusual Twin", it doesn't sound at all unusual.  The acting is awful.  The music is terrible, and I mean terrible.  It's just awful. You would have to be crazy to think it's good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not a bad film, not a bad horror movie, but it's the first film I've seen that made me feel really, really sad.  It was a film that made the viewer feel very alone and alonely, it made me want to cry.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total dud. The acting is awful. The story is just awful. It's just a poorly done comedy that tries to be a little more than it is.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've heard it's the best movie of the year, and that's pretty good considering how much of it I hate.  I'm surprised that it's not rated higher, but it was an interesting take on the supernatural, and I liked it a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very excited to watch this movie because I had heard that it would be the best movie of the year. But alas, I didn't really like it. It was kind of like a watered down version of "The Lion King". I have never seen "The Great Escape" so I have no idea what it is about. I guess they wanted to use it for a children's movie. There were a lot of animals in the movie, but they all looked like they had been made by the same person.  There was no "G-Spot" in the film.    This is probably the worst movie of all time. I wouldn't even bother watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not a huge fan of the movie, I thought it was just a bad excuse for an action movie and it wasn't that good either.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts with a little girl being kidnapped by a bunch of kids. They steal her car, and then she is put in a trailer with three boys who are in a car together. It's a bad little movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to be blunt and say this movie is a complete train wreck, a train wreck that's been going on for years and years and is still going on. It's just a pile of crap, with the usual low-budgeted, poorly-written, over-the-top bad acting, bad direction, and bad CGI effects. The only reason it's not in a million other movies is because it's a good movie. I'd recommend it to any one who likes a good train wreck. But don't buy it and don't watch it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not a bad film.  It's just that a lot of the characters are a bit odd and there are a lot less of them than one might hope for.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film. Not a bad bad film, just a bad one. I was so disgusted that I couldn't even finish it. I thought it was a joke that this would ever get made and then it got made and it is the worst thing I have ever seen.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. The characters are the worst, the plot is nonsensical, and the acting is bad. I wouldn't even recommend this movie to people who are interested in watching a bad film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was so bad that it could only be rated 3 stars. The film is so bad in so many ways, it's unbelievable. The only good thing I can say about this film is that it was produced by a director who was apparently an old man.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was not expecting this movie to be so bad, I was really hoping it was not going to be a horrible film, but it was. The movie starts out pretty much the same way you would expect a zombie film to start out, a group of people get caught in a zombie apocalypse and are hunted down by the zombies. The zombie attack is a little less graphic this time as the zombies are not as large as in the first movie. This time it is more of a zombie/human conflict as the humans try to get away and the zombies keep chasing them. The main problem I have with this movie is that the director is not a great director and is clearly not very good at his job. It is a shame because there are a lot of good zombie movies out there. I can't say that this one is a bad film, I just found it to be really bad and very dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What I don't like about this movie is the fact that there are several scenes in which people are seen on the edge of the cliff, some are shot through the head or the chest.  One man is also shown falling from the cliff to his death.  I've heard of a lot of other films about the infamous "Rape of Nanking", but this movie, if it is even based on a true story, has nothing to do with the "Rapes of Nankin".    In a review about The Day the Earth Stood Still, I stated that the film was "a sadistic exploitation of a historical tragedy", and that it was not a "documentary" but a "fantasy", and then I cited the scene with the men being shot and the woman being killed by the Chinese.   It's not a good movie, but it is based on fact.  I have also read that the director made a sequel to this film, but I can't find a listing of it anywhere on the Internet, so I doubt that it exists. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are two things you need to know about this movie: 1. It is not a good movie, and there is not much of a plot either. The plot seems to be that the main character, who has an "alternative lifestyle" is trying to find someone who can get her away from her "alternate lifestyle." 2. It seems that the film's producers didn't bother to make the film look good. The camera is always moving and sometimes the actors are in a bad scene.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of those movies where I thought it was going to be better than it turned out to be. I liked the concept and the way the director went about doing it. I also liked the fact that the director was very talented and had a nice sense of humor. I do not think that it should be in a good movie collection and that the film could have been better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last 20 minutes of this movie are very bad, I found it to be the worst movie I have ever seen.   It is not funny, there is nothing funny about it. It is boring, there are no funny lines, there isn't any suspense. It's a bad, boring movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an amazing movie about a guy who goes to a very strange place and then gets very angry. The movie is about the protagonist, a man named Peter Munk. He lives in a small town with his brother. When he was a child, he saw a weird and very strange looking man named "The Man". The man is a big bald man with a very bad voice, and a huge scar on his face. He is always on the lookout for the "Man", and he is always in a bad mood. The "Man" seems to be following him around, watching him and watching him. He makes Peter Mok go crazy. I found it very creepy, and I am not sure if this movie is scary. It has some great ideas, but it's too short to be truly scary. I would give this movie a 2.5/5, but I would say that it's a very good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping for a good, original, fun sci-fi action film and this movie doesn't deliver.  Instead, it falls flat.    I found the story to be unoriginal and the actors to be not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie that I'm not really sure why I saw it. I've seen many "dive" movies (not really true to the genre but it was good) that were actually very good and this one is no different. It has a very good story line that does not deviate from the main character's life in the real world. The character was believable and I liked how the character's relationship with each other developed and developed. I liked the ending and I was hoping for a more intense ending.   I'm sure that most people who saw this movie will probably like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot:    The story of the movie is that it takes place in a town called  Waltham   (where the film was made).   This town is the center of the film, and most of the characters are based in this town.   A guy named Frank (played by David Warner) is a high school football player.  He is very popular, but he has a girlfriend named   Mary (played By Jennifer Grey).  He has a sister named   Elizabeth (played  by Elizabeth Montgomery).  The townspeople are a bit odd, but they are friendly and like Frank and Mary.  The only character that is interesting is a girl named    Jane (played  by Anne Hathaway).  She is a rich girl who has a boyfriend named  George (played in the film by Gary Oldman).  George is a playboy, and his life is very much like Frank's.  George has a beautiful wife, and a beautiful baby boy named  Robert (played   by William Hootkins).  There are a few people who are also like Frank, but the main characters are not really like Frank.  I really don't know much about the movie, but I do know that it was not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I would like to thank my husband, who has a huge crush on her.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie I didn't even want to see. It was terrible. I was so frustrated with it, it felt like I had to see it in order to understand why people did bad things to each other.   I am not even sure I want to watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a lot wrong with this movie: bad acting, terrible plot, awful CGI, bad CGI, stupid, bad dialogue, bad music, bad acting. But what really sucks is how it turns the best aspects of Star Wars into this dumb movie that's all about a guy who has to find out what happened to his wife who is gone for 3 years. It's like George Lucas took all the cool moments of the Star Wars movies and threw them into this stupid movie.  I didn't know I'd ever like Star Wars: The Force Awakens so much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like the movie, I like that it's about a man who lives a very lonely life, but the fact is he's got a bad attitude and that doesn't help.  I was expecting a little more, but I'll be seeing it again for the laughs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film that makes you sick to your stomach.  It is a disgusting film that contains scenes that make me sick to my stomach. The movie opens in a dark room where the girl is on her knees and begging the man to kill her.   She tells him that her father will come back and take her away.  Then the girl asks if her father is dead.  The man replies yes but his wife is not.  As she talks he comes in the room and sees the girl's father and he is in tears.  He tells the girl to get up and go to bed.  When she says she is tired of her father she grabs a knife and goes after him.  In the meantime the girl has already killed two people.  This girl does not seem to care about the blood she has shed or the fact that she has hurt innocent people.      It is time to kill again!   This time it is the father's brother who is stabbed and killed.  It does not stop there as another brother is killed.   The man runs out of the house and finds his wife and son with the girl.  She is very upset about what has happened to her family and runs away.   In a moment of anger the woman stabs herself in the stomach and dies.   As the man watches in horror his son has been killed.       A woman comes to the man who has just killed his family.  Her name is Dora.  There are several other women in the film.  I was not able to find out their names.  They all seem to have no connection with the story and are just there to be raped and have their bodies dismembered.  This is just the first half of the film and is about three or four hours long.  If you are not sick of the filth in this film then you will be sick of it in the second half.  My guess is that this was a short lived cult movie because it only lasted about ten years and is not very well known.  What is sad is that the film was made in Poland.  Even the title is Polish.  But the Polish people do not seem all that into this film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I did not expect to like this film, it's just that my expectations were pretty low, as it is a remake of a film which was very bad, and I think it is better than that original.   The film is about a bunch of weirdos who get caught up in the events that happened to a guy in the woods who has a very odd ability to make people do things that they don't want to do, for no reason.  I'm not really sure if it was the actors, or the directors, or whatever the reason was for this to happen, but the result was a weird mess.  The story line is just silly and the acting is so bad it makes me question if they are even in the same country. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie where you don't get to see anything.   It's all one big, boring, uninspired, repetitive, tedious slog. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film was very bad, it was very poorly made, there is no dialogue, there are no plot and most of the characters are uninteresting.   - 2.5 out of 5 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I had to be there for the first time, but I can't remember much about it. Maybe I've just been under the spell of the first movie. It was like seeing a ghost." 3/5 stars, "A film that is not just fun and frolicsome, but is actually very well made. I wish there were more to it."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is an absolute waste of everyone's time. It has the worst actors I have ever seen in a movie. This movie should not be made, but rather burned.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a bad horror film but this was really disappointing. It has some good acting and some good horror moments but I was really expecting something much better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The script of this movie is so badly written. It is a mess of a movie. The director makes this movie look like a classic western film. There is some fun in this movie, but it doesn't last long. I wish I had seen this movie before it was released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge Star Wars fan and I was thrilled to see this movie.  The story is the usual one, and the special effects were not bad at all.    And I was also delighted to see that this movie was made before The Phantom Menace. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping that this would be a more serious movie but it was the same old same old, and the script was not much better.  The cast were all pretty much forgettable, especially the guy playing the kid and the kid himself.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As much as I enjoyed the movie it is pretty bad.   This is one of those movies where the movie makers got together to have a party and everyone started to act crazy.  For example when a guy is playing the guitar and singing, the rest of the people start acting crazy. I guess they were all trying to have fun and had fun at this party.  It is a very long movie so it would take a long time to finish.  The movie makers had lots of fun making the movie and I think they had fun doing it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's hard to hate a movie that has been on the air for seven years.   If you've been following the show then you'll remember that it's an episode where Sam and Dean come up with a plan to kill the demons.  But, they don't succeed and end up back in Hell, only to get the hell beaten out of them by Crowley.  After the show, I remember thinking that this was one of the best episodes of the show.  The way that they had a real supernatural element to the episode was amazing.  It was very dark and dramatic, with the usual supernatural element.  I remember it being a good episode, but I think that it could have been a better episode, if they had used a more believable character.  Sam and Dean are in Hell.  This was one hell of an episode. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you are going to be a good actor, why not act like a good one? This movie is about a "prostitute", an actual prostitute. She does not appear to be doing any "work" and her job consists of simply to take off her clothes and take a walk. When a fellow prostitute comes over to ask her if she would like to make a few bucks, she refuses and the guy leaves. When the guy comes back later, he has a little "conversation" with her, and then they decide to meet at a local club where a lot of other people are also gathered. But that's not all! She is also going to get some money for some of the other prostitutes. They all want to know what happened to the other guy and they all get into a brawl, with a lot hitting each other. After the club, the girls decide to go to a bar. The bar girl is going to take her back to her apartment and she can pay her. The guy decides to go with her to her house and she asks him to leave. He refuses and she says, "You better come back tonight, or I will kill you." Well, he does, and they go back together.   The only thing that is really interesting about this movie is that it takes place in a very bad part of town. I guess this is supposed to be the "haunted" house, but it really doesn't feel that way. This is a pretty uninteresting movie and there are some good scenes in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not much of a horror movie buff, but this is one of the worst I've seen. There's a scene where one of our characters is standing in a hospital waiting room, waiting to go into surgery, when a man enters the room and sits down next to him.   He's got a nice, mellow voice and I'm guessing he's a doctor.  I can't imagine what it's like to have your heart broken. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A really lame movie, and I know that sounds like I'm giving this a negative rating, but I have to. The plot is laughable. The only thing the characters have in common is that they're all dead. This movie is so bad it's funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you can take a little "what the hell is going on here" while a bunch of actors get into a barfight and then a lot of them get shot, you are good, and if you can't then you need to step outside.   The acting is bad as is the directing. The only way to salvage the movie is to watch it again and see if you missed something, but then you would be watching a lot more "Cannibal! The Musical" and "Grim Reaper" than you should be.   in summary: A terrible movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was a movie with a lot of promise. It had an amazing cast, a great soundtrack, and a good ending.   Unfortunately, that ending was the best part. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is one of a bunch of bad movies with a little hope. A bad movie where a bad guy with bad intentions is trying to destroy a good guy with good intentions. The bad guy wants to get into the good guy's car and drive it off a cliff. It is all well and good to tell a story about a good person being in a bad situation and to have a good ending.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has so many problems: 1.  I'm not a fan of long, drawn out scenes of the people watching the movie.  I also hate the fact that there is no real reason for the people to be watching the film.   In other words, it's just an excuse to get the audience's attention.  2.  This is the first movie in a series of sequels that are supposed to be a sequel to the first film. I really don't care for this movie. I don't know why this was made.  3.  I really hope the director is punished for this terrible movie. It's a waste of everyone's time.  4.  A sequel to a movie about people watching other people's movies! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm glad I found this movie on DVD, it's very entertaining. The story is a bit convoluted and there are several characters you don't know very much about. But if you're into this type of film, it will make for a fun time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So, I really wanted to like this movie, and I thought it was gonna be a fun ride. I was expecting to see a bunch of different types of vampires, a little humor, and a few jokes, but it was all very dull. This is a film about a vampire who has to find a new family, because his old family has all turned into vampires. He meets a young girl, and he falls in love with her. It's like this is the only thing he's ever done. He can't even find a job that doesn't involve being a vampire. I feel bad for him. He's probably a very lonely guy. He might get some new friends in his life in the future, but that's about it. I really don't think I could enjoy this movie.   Oh, and this movie is made by the same company that made the first two Vampire Chronicles. They obviously don't care about this franchise any more, because the third movie is nothing more than a rehash of the first three. There is not a whole lot of new vampires in this movie that are interesting or new. It is a rehashing of the plot of the other two movies, so there is nothing new here. This movie has just about nothing going for it, except for a few funny lines and a little romance between the lead vampire and the young girl. It doesn't really help that the director of this movie has a really bad reputation for his work. He directed the first and second movie, so this would have been a nice way to end his career.   of the two movies he directed, this was my least favorite. There was not much going for the story or the characters. I didn't think this was as bad as I thought. I don't have a strong opinion of this director, but I don.t think he has a very high profile anymore, so he probably doesn't have much money to make a good movie anymore. He didn't really have a choice though. The first movie was a huge success, so it would have made more sense to just make the second movie right after the first. It would have taken about three years to make, and it would probably have been even more boring. I still like the first movie though. It has a lot of promise, and has a pretty good cast. It was a good start for the franchise.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really liked this movie, and thought it was an amusing little film with some good jokes.  It is not a bad comedy, but it is not exactly an enjoyable one either.    I would recommend this to anyone who has not seen it yet.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have been to the movies a lot over the years, and this one is the worst one I have seen.   The actors are so bad it is painful to watch.  This movie is filled with one-liners, one-shot lines, and scenes that take place in a swimming pool.  I do not know how these actors managed to keep their voices in a film that is filled so much with one shot lines, one scene after another that take a while to happen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be a mess.  The pacing is off and the dialogue is terrible.       It is a sad day when you can only find a bad film in the box office. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful movie. I can't stand this movie. It's bad. The acting is terrible. The plot is bad. Everything in this movie is bad, even the ending. This is just plain horrible.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are few films that have had a larger impact on me than the film "Star Wars" (1977). I grew up with it and watched it every Saturday night in the 1970s and 80s. It's a great adventure story of a small group of young Jedi Knights who are on a quest to stop the evil Emperor Palpatine from gaining control of the Galactic Empire. The film is visually stunning and features a fantastic soundtrack. It is, in my opinion, one of the greatest science fiction films ever made. It also had one of its more bizarre endings.   But... there are problems. There are things that really make me want to rip the movie apart. It has a scene where an alien is sent back to his home planet and the aliens are told that he has died. The alien then goes to the house of his dead wife and is horrified to find his wife with another man. Then the other man's wife appears and is surprised to find the alien is her husband. So it appears to be a common problem with science fiction that some aliens end up with human wives or husbands.   is also a film about a group of Jedi Knights and it ends with the Jedi Knights having a big confrontation with the Emperor Palpate. But the Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn has an almost comical tendency to use his lightsaber as a fishing rod. QuiGon is constantly caught in a fishy trap. I also had a problem with the ending.   a lot of people have criticized the ending as a "slap in the face" to those who like Star Wars and to people who dislike the prequels. I think the ending is a bit ambiguous but the ending in my mind is really in the middle of the story. I like the story and the ending but I don't think it is really a "swap" for the prequel trilogy. I would have preferred to see Quigon take off his lightsaber and let Obi Wan's son (who is clearly Qui Gon's son) take it. Quimby's son could be his son or a clone of him.  , July 29, 2006
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just stupid. The only good thing about this is that there's a pretty good song, but that's all it has going for it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a terrible film, and one that you should only watch if you have already seen a bad film. The film has nothing to offer in the way of plot, characters, or anything else. It is just a movie, and there's nothing else to it. The acting is terrible. Everyone is just walking around doing nothing but looking bored and annoyed. This is one of the worst films I've ever seen. I am so embarrassed to have watched it.   If you don't know what a "pork chop" is:   http://www.the-movie.net/forum/index.php?showtopic=93793
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pretty good movie.  It's not a very good movie, but it's pretty good for a bad one.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've seen in a while, with some of the worst acting, writing, and acting in the history of film. I'm sure the producer and actors are really proud of themselves and that the movie is a great hit.     Cancer - Not Cancer.  A film about a cancer that kills everyone who gets close to it.  I guess it would be better called "Not Cancer."  I am sure that a person who is sick would be able to see this movie and say that it was a good idea to make a movie about a sick person.  It is hard to think about a movie that is so bad. I can only think about the movie I saw in the movie theater in 1977.  The movie was very, very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an incredibly boring movie that was supposed to be a "science fiction" movie about a group of people in space.  But what was really going on was the boring old man's obsession with a woman he meets on the way.  I found myself getting a little bored with this movie, but I really did not see a way to make a bad science fiction movie good.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is pretty bad, and the direction of the movie is terrible. The whole movie is based on the premise that all the girls in the school are getting married.  The movie takes place in a school, and there's one particular scene where the teacher gives a speech about how the school is the best school for girls, but they all end up getting married in a day or two. I don't think that's true, because in the movie there's a school counselor (I think his name is Dr. T) who makes a little girl cry, and then it turns out that she's been having a sex-change operation. So now, the school counselor is a man who can make girls cry. Then there's another scene where some other guy has sex with the same girl, and when he leaves the scene, the girl says, "I'm a boy!"  Then it turns into a scene where a girl comes home and tells her mother that she is a boy. The mother tells her daughter to call a doctor. Then the daughter calls the doctor.  After that, the daughter is given a dress and told that she has to wear it every day.    I guess the only other thing worth saying about the movie would be that I really hated the character of Dr. Thorson, and I think he was supposed to be a good guy.  He didn't seem like a bad guy at all.  So what did I think about the film?   The girl who's been in a sex change operation and has become a boy is played by the pretty girl from the first movie, and she was probably a much better actress than her counterpart in the second movie.  The acting is very bad, but I guess the budget for the film was a lot higher than for the second one.  I really didn't like the movie at all, and it's very difficult to recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a movie that has very little to offer and is very forgettable. The movie does have a couple good moments, though. It's really hard to believe that a movie like this was made in the 1950's. The film has the same plot as The Man With The Golden Gun. A young man wants to kill the man who killed his father. The first act is kind of boring and predictable. The second act is much better. The story has a few interesting twists, including a scene that is almost identical to the one in The Man with the Golden Gun where Bond sneaks into a restaurant and kills the man there. It is a shame that the movie was made before The Man Who Knew Too Much and The Man Without a Face.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible movie that made me hate the English language and English people in general.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of time and a waste to a decent director. This is a film that will make you want to go to the doctor because it's so over the top, and you'll be thinking "well this is just the same old crap. This was a film about a bunch of kids that get a monster to eat them. It was a bad idea from the get go, and this movie just keeps getting worse and worse, with nothing new to see. The monsters are really only interesting as the kids try to kill them, so I guess they were a lot of fun to make, but as I said they are not really scary. The special effects were bad, and the music was bad, which is a problem because the movie's main theme was so bad it didn't even have a theme. There is a lot that could have been done to make this better, but this movie doesn't even make it out of the trailer, and I don't recommend it to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the worst films I have ever seen. The film was shot in black and white and has some fantastic visual effects. It's a bit long but the actors are great and the scenes are good. It is quite a ride but the film is so bad it is impossible to enjoy it. I would recommend this to anyone who hates black and whites.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think it is a good movie, but it is just so bad that it is truly depressing.   There is just too much crap that has to happen for the bad guy to win. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found it to be a horrible, tedious, and utterly dull movie.  This is not a movie that should have been made.   It takes so long to get to the action and most of the time it seems like a bad joke.  The story is lame,   and the acting is bad.  It seems like the filmmakers were just trying to get a good laugh.  This review is for:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was my first movie, and I liked it a lot. I don't think it's any good, and a waste of my time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just plain stupid, and you will see that it gets even dumber as it goes on. First off, we have a guy who has the biggest balls in the entire world. Not only does he get a great job at a company called Dixwell's, he also gets a great car! This guy is DixWell's, and this is his car! Now this is a car that can be driven at a ridiculous pace. You can easily get into a situation that has this car doing the impossible. Now, let's get back to the story, and we are going to get a little weird, because this movie has a strange plot that I am not sure if I will get. It involves a guy named Ben who gets sent to the future to work for the good guys. The bad guys are called the "Tower of Babel". The movie is a very old timey type of story, but it is very well done, and is one of the most entertaining movies ever made. I will tell you what I found interesting about this movie, the main character Ben is very handsome and smart. He gets into a very weird situation that involves the Tower of Babel, and it is just a wild ride. You will see what I mean about this film, the plot is very confusing at times, and the character development is not very good, but all in all, it is a fun movie, and if you like old time films, you will probably like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was boring. There is no suspense, no tension, no surprise, no twists, no plot, no character development.   It's not bad, but it's nothing great either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Day the Clown Cried" is a pathetic piece of nonsense that is not only a waste of time but a disgrace to the film industry. It is a comedy of errors, as the clown is a moron who can't tell the difference between clowns and real people. I guess this clown was supposed to be a man who was dressed like a clown, but it's clear that he has never seen a clown. He gets in a fight with a man, which is not funny at all. He is also a moronic clown, who is trying to sell us some sort of comedy routine, and doesn't even have a routine. The story of the clown has him trying to make some money by dressing up as a clown and trying to pick up women. His routine is pathetic, he is dressed in a clown suit, wears a clown nose, and has a clown mouth. He then tries to pick the women up, but they always turn out to be women with bad personalities. I don't understand why he was put in this movie. I would have quit watching it right then and there, if I didn't find out it was an old film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love this movie.   It is really hard to get a movie like this made these days, but that is just how bad it is.  There are so many things wrong with this movie, and it is just so much more fun than anything else on the box.  It has so much to offer.  First off, the music is really great.  In my opinion the best music from any movie. It is good enough to be an action movie, but it is really good enough for a comedy.  Second, the movie is so much better than the book.  The characterizations are all so well done.  All the people are so likable, and they have some funny moments too.  And last but not least, the acting is good.  I liked the movie a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really terrible film about an ugly man who gets a new girlfriend.  The girl is an absolute bitch.  I hate her so much.   She has a mean-looking mouth, a flat stomach, and a large head.  This bitch is the least attractive person I have ever seen.  The guy in the movie has to put on a big show in order to get the girl to like him.  There are so many scenes where he is getting dressed, and he is walking around the house in a very creepy manner.  It is all a fake thing, just like the movie.  What a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a bad film this is!  It's a terrible movie about a terrible dog who doesn't know what to do with himself.  And you're not even supposed to like the dog.    He's just a dumb dog.   The dog is so dumb that he doesn't recognize the lady in the mirror, even though he's seen her several times before.  And the lady's name is Miss B.  And, like all the other dumb dogs in the movie, the dog can't get a job because the dumb dogs can't even get a room in the house, and they're all stuck in the yard.  That's the only reason the dumb dog is able to live here at all.  This movie is a real disaster.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this is the first of a series of films I can see going the way of "I Was A Teenage Witch".  If they wanted to go down that route, this could have been it.  They should have stuck with the source material.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The best thing about the movie is the cast," says Kevin Smith, the star of this film.  That's quite a claim to fame for an actor who has made many low-rent movies, such as The Jerk, and I think he could do a lot better than this.   The story follows a man (Dane Cook) who has been given a choice between two jobs by his mother: he can either live at home and work for his father's family, or he can come back to his family and work in a lumber mill.  In other words, he has to make a living.  He works at the lumber mill, but he's not happy there.  The people there are mean and ungrateful and he can't stand the way they treat the animals.  So, he decides to leave.  However, he's in a hurry.  His father is dead and he needs money fast.  But then he meets a man who gives him a job and a way out of the lumber town.  This is a movie made by someone who is clearly bored with life and wants to make it interesting.  Smith is clearly trying to make the same kind of movies that he made a few years ago: "Swingin' with John Wayne."  The plot is dull, the actors are all pretty much uninteresting, and the writing is weak.  I guess I just wanted to be entertained and this was not it.  It's a movie that will make you feel like watching a bad television series or something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an interesting story, but it has one serious flaw. There are only two major characters, and the story is told entirely from the perspective of one of them. This is not bad per se, but the two characters are never allowed to interact with each other in any meaningful way. I mean, the woman is obsessed with her lover and tries to keep him in a constant state of terror and misery (while also taking great pleasure in being an excellent mistress), and the man spends the whole movie trying to get out of his marriage and make some money. The movie also has one of the more blatant love-triangles ever seen in a movie. In my opinion, this is the only flaw that this movie has, and it is a big one. It's a shame that a movie this good could have so little personality, because there are a lot of other good aspects to it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a great movie, but for me it's a disappointment. I was hoping that the film would be good, but unfortunately it's not. I'm a big fan of horror films, so I can't say I'm shocked by the lack of any good action scenes or any scares. It seems like they spent most of the time focusing on the relationship between the two guys. It doesn't make a lot of sense, it doesn't hold up, it's just a really bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a movie that doesn't have a lot to it.   The plot has a lot of problems, from an opening shot that has us wondering what is going on, to a terrible acting performance from the lead, to an ending that leaves no room for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's the end of the world.   This is just the end to the story.  It has to end and it's over.  I'd rather just watch an episode of "Xena the Warrior Princess" and then watch this bad movie.  FINAL VERDICT:  What a shame that the original "XENA" can't get a sequel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was so bad it was hard to watch.  What happened was that some people who were in the business of smuggling drugs (for sale in this country) found out that the drug they were importing was not what they were sold as and were looking for a way to get out of it.   They met with a certain Dr. Stromberg and a certain Colonel (who had also just been caught smuggling drugs) and the two men agreed that they would have a deal.  This deal involved the two guys bringing drugs back to America and getting paid for doing so.  What the deal actually involved was the two dealers having sex with one another and then selling the drugs to the other guy who was on the other side of the border.  In the end they were able to get away with it because they did not have enough money to pay for the drugs they had imported and they were forced to go back to Mexico and do the same thing over again.  The only problem is that a couple of days later the smugglers found out they had a big problem.  They had to pay the Mexican army to stop them and to this day I have not been able to find out what happened to the two poor guys. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was just awful! I mean just terrible! The movie was not even funny at all. I don't know why anyone would waste their time watching this film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie and it is not that bad.  The story line was a little corny and the acting was good, but the story line and acting weren't great.    If you like bad movies like this, you will enjoy it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst of the worst.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing that I liked about this movie was the ending. I don't think I'd have any other ending.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is the most horrible thing I've ever seen! I didn't care for the ending or the ending of the movie. I have no idea why a young girl would want to be married to an old man! I was thinking, he was so old that he probably has dementia! I also thought the movie was terrible, and I couldn't believe how much of a pervert this movie is! I'm really disappointed with this movie!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is the absolute worst thing I have ever seen. This movie does not have any charm at all.   The story of this movie is a total rip-off of "Ghostbusters", but this movie was produced and directed by a man named David C. Jones.  I am amazed at how he has managed to write such a terrible movie.  It seems like Jones was looking for a cheap laugh at the expense of all his colleagues.  This is not a movie I would ever recommend to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a year full of bad movies, this one isn't one to be missed.  For those who don't know, the film is a remake of the film,  Jaws, which is about a shark that has killed many people, but is still hungry.  It's a very short film with only four scenes and I found it to be very short and not very scary.   I didn't like the shark at all and I'm sure you won't either.  This is a bad film that will only make you sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have any desire to see the end of the world, this is the film for you.  I found myself thinking this film would be the perfect ending to a good movie, as the ending is so fitting and I felt like the film was going to wrap it all up at the end.    I really enjoyed this film, it was well made and very funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A poor-quality movie that is not worth a second of your time.    This is a bad sequel to a terrible movie.  There is no story. The actors don't look their best.  The story is not interesting.  It's just a boring movie that has nothing to do with anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm really happy with this movie.  It is not a bad film, it's a good movie. I love the idea of the story, I love how it starts off so innocently and how it gradually builds up. I also love how there is not too much violence in this movie and how there are no deaths, just an interesting storyline.  The characters in this are also great and I really like how they relate to each other, there is also an interesting character named The Man who is the first and only victim of the whole thing.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I like to see bad movies, and this is one of them.   This movie is just a bunch of people trying to get the attention of the guy who is a local celebrity.  He has some crazy stuff to do in a very short period of time.  I liked it when it first came out, and it is fun to see people get a little over the top. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I just watched this movie with my wife. I think it is a great story. We saw it at a movie theater and had a good time. I just hope the makers of this movie don't try to take over the world.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movies I've seen this year. I hate the idea of a movie about a bunch of zombies.   I don't think I'd like it if it was directed by a guy who knew how to direct. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is pretty terrible.  I don't really know what to say.    It was a movie that had to be made.  The original title was the movie of the year.  A story about a man who is cursed by a monster that's trapped in his house and wants to kill all his neighbors.  This movie has a lot of potential.  It's not bad but it's not great either.  I don't think it was a good idea to use this guy.  He seems like a little too "evil" to be good.  But that's only because he's played by a guy with bad teeth.  As for the movie itself, it's okay.  There's a lot that could be improved but it was all done well.  In the end, it was just an old man trying to kill his neighbors with a hammer.  And it wasn't any better than The Monster from Outer Space. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like these films very much, although I have seen a few of them. This one has a couple of decent jokes, but it really isn't very funny at all. The writing is also pretty bad. I think the idea of it is pretty funny, but I just don't get it. It is really weird, I really like the idea, but the movie just doesn't work very well.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good movie about a good story. The director and writer of the book on which this movie is based, Joseph Heller, wrote a book called "Moral Tales" that is now available for sale. This movie was based on that book and was filmed with a lot of the same people. It is a fun movie, but I think that it was over-rated. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The script is a bad mess, with an almost non-existent story, and the characters are nothing but stereotypes.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, this is probably the worst movie I have ever seen. The dialogue is bad, the acting is bad and the plot is just stupid. The only redeeming quality is the fact that it has a good ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was a good movie, but there was a scene where a lady was having an orgasm in the middle of the road.   This is the first time that I've ever seen a woman ejaculate on the road like that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie.  The acting is awful.  It's not even funny.  I could barely watch it, but it's the worst movie I have ever seen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first "Star Trek" movie is just a cheap rip off of the original "Star Wars" movies. I'm not sure why "Star War" has a more devoted fan base than "Star Contemporary", but this movie certainly isn't the greatest, but it sure is a blast! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete train wreck and there is nothing that makes me want to see another bad movie. It starts off by showing the entire film as a news story but once that ends and you realize what is going on there is not much left. It has a very long scene where an old lady is walking through a small village. She stops at a house where a little boy is playing with a toy train. The old lady goes in the house and tells the mother of the child that she has been in the village for many years and she never noticed anything different. The mother asks the old lady how long she has lived there and she says for many, many years. The next thing we know is that the mother has a stroke and passes away in the middle of the night. When she is dead, the little boy runs around the house screaming for his mother. It is at this point that the old woman, who is a "doctor" and knows a lot about medicine, has a vision. She sees the little train and decides to run after it. It takes her a long time to catch up to the train but she does eventually. When the old doctor finds her, she is unconscious and has a strange seizure. When it ends, the old man thinks she is not going to recover and he leaves the house. When he goes to the house to see if he can find her mother he finds that she is gone. The little boy then tells the doctor about his vision and says that his mother is in the same place as the old women. The doctor is a bit skeptical about the vision and decides that he must go after the old doctors house to find out if it is real. He finds the house but when he goes inside the old ladies house it is closed and locked. He calls the police and tells them that the house is locked and he will give them a key to open it. The police go inside the house with the key and are met with the sight of the old madam dead on the bed and the doctor lying dead on his back. The cops then take the doctor and the old witch to the hospital. When they get there the doctor asks the nurses to let him out of the room because he doesn't know what to do with him. He then leaves the room. The nurse tries to calm him down but when they leave she sees him leave and the nurses screams and runs into the room and sees him on the ground unconscious. She then runs to the doctor who is
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I like this movie a lot. I like that it has a good plot and a good story. I don't like the ending of the movie. I can't help but wonder what is going to happen in the next movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie I have ever seen. It's not bad because of the music or the acting, it's bad because it has no story, and it's not even a good movie. There is one scene in the movie where the main character is being chased by the police, and he is driving an old car. It seems that this is a pretty important scene in this movie. But then the movie goes on to tell us that there is an old school bus nearby and it is probably faster than the police car. This is an obvious lie. The police car is about 30 miles per hour faster than an old bus, it only takes a few seconds to reach the school bus, and if there is anything going on in this neighborhood it's the police being chased around by a bunch of teenagers, and the old school buses can get there a lot faster than they can be driven. The movie tries to get away with this by making the police cars slow down to the bus's speed, but the police just run right over them.   I have never seen such a bad car chase scene. It is very poorly made and looks like the director had to throw the money he made from this movie at the cameraman's expense. The rest of the movie is filled with scenes of the characters talking about what's going on and what the plot is about. It never explains why they are all so angry, why they have all got knives, why all the characters are so angry. The only thing that is explained is that they have to fight the bad guys. It doesn't explain why they got angry in the first place. All the characters in this film are so annoying, I just couldn't care less about any of them. This movie is so bad, it doesn't even make any sense. There are so many people talking in it, it makes me think they are trying to say something important, but it never seems to come out. There was one point in the story where I thought the characters were supposed to be talking about how much better life was back then. I had no idea why they would all be so angry about something they had nothing to do with, and I didn't care. The characters are completely uninteresting and they make no sense.   "All we need is a little money and we can be happy again." "No! I want the old cars back, and a job to pay for our food. That's all we need! I don't
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was going to give it a 4 star, but after watching the sequel, I'm thinking of giving it a 1.5. This movie was bad, but there are worse.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just can't get into this movie. I really hate the characters. They are all just stupid. The movie doesn't even make sense. Why do the aliens hate humans? What did the aliens do to make them hate us? They didn't even show any signs of hatred at all. I would have hated to be a person who watched this. I don't know why I watched this movie either. The plot is boring and doesn't have any originality at all! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie.  The acting is terrible.    The film is not funny at all.      I have never seen a worse movie.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie does a pretty good job of creating the feeling of a small community being surrounded by a massive storm.  There is a lot of action, a good mix of humour and tragedy, and a few surprises.  However, the story itself is so bad that it is hard to believe it is supposed to be anything but a cheap exploitation flick.  The movie starts with a man being chased by a group of armed men in the middle of a town.  As the man flees into the woods, his pursuers fire at him and he is knocked out.  He awakens, and he discovers that he is wearing a strange mask and is not quite himself.  This is the first of many instances of a man who doesn't know his own face.  In the woods are several townsfolk who have been afflicted by a strange disease and they are trying to hunt down the mysterious mask man.  At this point we are introduced to a few new characters:  an evil witch, a little girl who is in the midst of a bad dream, and two men who are in the same boat as the masked man. The first thing that strikes you is the way that this movie is set.  It feels like a bunch of people got together and decided that they needed a bad horror film, so they set about making it.  Even the townspeople are played by the actors from other movies.  One of the people from the town is played by a guy who played a small role in a few films a few years ago.  Other townsfolk are played in various ways:  a drunk guy is played a little too obviously and a guy with a beard who is playing a man with a mask who is also in a bad mood.  They are all played in a way that makes it impossible to believe they are real.  All the other characters seem to be there for comic relief.  If you look up the actors you will see that they all have a few film credits to their name.  And, like any good horror film these days, the script is a bunch more clichés that would be funny if they weren't so obvious.  We have a woman who has had an abortion and she is convinced that her child is the spawn of Satan.  A group of people who are having a bad night go out to the woods to find a place to hide.  Two men meet them and are killed.  Then the masked guy arrives and kills one
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate to be the one to break it to you, but the original version of the movie was just a bit too boring and had little to no originality. I still haven't found any other movies like this that really get a little closer to the original than the movie did.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie many times. I really hate the acting and writing of these people. It makes no sense at all and the ending was a very sad one. This movie really is a waste of your time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot is a little slow and the ending is rather lame.   "I'm not sure why, but the man with the glasses is always a bit of a dick.  He's like the guy at the dentist who always comes with a new set of teeth, and he always has a new toothbrush. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The main thing about this movie is that it's the same old story:  It's a remake of the French comedy "Pierrot le fou" about a woman who decides to get a divorce after a year of marriage. The story is about a divorced woman and her ex-husband.   She goes on a shopping trip with her ex and his friend, who is a man. They go shopping and meet a girl who looks like her. She is really the girl's sister.  She has the name of a prostitute.  They are all happy until she shows her sister's picture to them.  It seems that the girl and the ex are trying to get revenge for their lost love and get back at the girl for being too ugly.  But they all know that they are not going to get any money.  There are a lot of sex scenes.  The girl is not too good looking and she is too ugly to be able to get rich.  After this, they decide to go on a "date" in a park.      This is a bad one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping for a good horror film but I was very disappointed.  It was too slow paced and boring to be anything more than a boring and generic horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very mediocre film that features a lot of clichés, one-liners, bad acting, and one bad ending. This is the worst movie of 2012 so far, and it's the worst film I've seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is very bad. The movie is about a small town in a bad part of the country. It is not very long but it gets long enough to bore you out. It has a lot of good dialogue and a good story. The characters are all kind of boring and annoying. The only good thing is the song that plays during the closing credits. I think it is just one of the better movie songs that I have heard in a while. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The worst movie I have seen in a long time. I had to force myself to watch it.   I'm not going to review the movie in its entirety.  The movie starts out good.  We see a nice family.  There is a lot of laughter and good feelings.  It's all about a man who wants to get a promotion at work and the wife of his boss is really ticked at him.  He starts getting in trouble at work for some very petty reasons.  His wife wants him to go back to school and work hard to get his job back.  This is a movie that will be remembered for being ridiculous and stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is one of those movies that you want to see again and again but never does. It was good at first, but it gets worse and worse.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a fun movie, but the story is very simple. There are a lot of bad jokes, but they are funny and they are so bad.   I thought the movie was supposed to be a "comedy" but this movie is just bad. The ending is horrible, I wish I had seen this movie before I was in the military. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm a fan of the original movie, I love that the movie has some of the best music ever in a movie. It's a really good movie, but the ending is so out of left field. I had to see it again to make sure I wasn't crazy.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was disappointed to find out that this movie was based on the novel by Stephen King and the movie is a complete and utter mess. It's like the writers had a little too much fun and the actors don't even seem to be trying. It takes place at the school in the small town of Derry, Maine, where the kids are learning to survive and to survive with their supernatural powers. They are also learning about the dangers of the outside world. The problem with this movie is that the kids who are supposed to be in this movie are actually in another movie called Nightmare, which has nothing to do with the story. It is a horror movie that happens in a school, so I don't think it makes sense to have kids in two different movies. They really need to stop making such bad movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only good thing about this movie is the end credits.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Beverly Hills Cop" remake is not worth the time of day.  You have two cops who are playing cop on a small town, and there is nothing in this movie to make me want to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a bit hard to find an English-language film that is not in the middle of a terrible film trilogy:  -   The most successful of the trilogy, The Magnificent Seven, is a good film, but its plot is not as good as the first one. -  In this movie, the "good guys" are bad guys, and the "bad guys" get good scenes.   There is a plot that is supposed to have a good ending, but it doesn't.  - The Magnificient Seven is a "bad guy" movie, and it has a lot of plot holes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was just a boring and boring movie, that was about a boring old man. It's really not even worth mentioning.   It was a very dull movie, I think this movie would be great if it had a little more plot, a little bit more action and a little less boring.  .
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In fact, there are so many terrible movies in the last 15 years that you would think that the movie industry was dying out. I guess that was never the case. Nowadays, Hollywood is producing a slew of movies that are nothing more than a bunch of poorly written, poorly acted, and poorly edited b-movies that don't stand a chance against the great works of the past.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have never seen such a bad film.   The bad part is that I had to wait so long for the movie to be released and it is really a bad one.  It is one of the worst horror movies ever made.  If I had not seen the trailer I would have said it was a comedy.  The acting is terrible.  I was laughing my head off.  Not only is the acting bad but the plot is so lame.  A young girl who is home alone after being divorced meets a man who is dressed in a white suit and white tie.  He says he wants to buy her a book but she does not want to go.  After he leaves she sees a man dressed in black and he scares her so bad that she wakes up in the middle of the night.  Apparently he is going to kill her.  So she goes to a bookstore to get a copy of the book.  What does the movie end up with?  The girl is dressed up like a nurse and she goes into the bookstore and it starts off as a normal bookstore.  She is trying to find a book on a particular subject and she sees something in the window.  At first she thinks it is a dog and then she sees the man dressed as a doctor.  But he is not a doctor and she is still very frightened.  Eventually she goes back to her room and looks at the book and it says:  "It's not about how you look or how much you weigh, it's about the people in your life. It's about who you really are."  What is this movie about?  I think it is about a young girl in her bedroom and she finds a book.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie ever!   In the beginning we have the main character, an ex-con who has been released from prison. The police were looking for him for some crimes he committed a long time ago. He comes back to the city to find that he can't find a job because he was never in jail. The movie is supposed to show how hard life is when you have no money. He's got a job but it's very bad. One day, his boss goes on vacation and leaves him with all the responsibility for the company. Well, the company is very corrupt and they're going to go broke. So he has to go on a road trip to find a new job. His boss takes him to a place called "The Road of Death" which is just a horrible place. I'm not kidding. The road there is full of rocks and it's just the most disgusting thing you could ever imagine.   He ends up on the road again and it seems like every place he goes there's more horrible things.  The only thing that made this movie worth watching was the music!  So the road is filled with rocks, which are so thick that you can't see where they are and there are rocks everywhere! The movie had such a bad sound that I thought it was going to be a documentary! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't like this one. I liked the movie before I saw this one but this one is a total dud.  The actors did a bad job of acting.  One of the more memorable characters from the movie,   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to describe the experience of watching this. It's a little weird.  The acting is pretty bad.   I'm not sure what they were thinking with all the special effects.  They have to get a good look at the actress's face to get her to say anything, even though she has no lines.  The movie doesn't seem to have much of a plot.  It's about a girl who lives in a weird world.  She has to solve problems.  That's it.  I found the movie boring.  There is no sense of urgency.  As for the story, it was really just too weird to make it interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is all about how the world's  evil government has been working for a few years now on an attempt to create a perfect world. This is not a very good film and the story does not get very far into it. There are some good special effects in the movie but they are all pretty lame. The plot, though not very good, is more about the power struggle between the world government and the "Free People of Earth" (people who do not believe in any government or any God) and how they have to get rid of one another. There is nothing much in the way of originality about this movie and it is just a little more of the same, except that there are some very bad special effects and no real plot. I don't really care much for the movie and I have already seen it on video more than a hundred times.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The bad: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been waiting to see this movie since the beginning of time, it just didn't disappoint. The story was boring, it was like a boring episode of a TV show, except the actors didn't even have any real personalities. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you are looking for a really good horror movie, then you've found it. I really didn't like this movie at all, I had no clue what was going on, the special effects were bad and the acting was bad, I think that the writer did a poor job writing a movie, I don't know why he thought that it would work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The bad guy who played the bad guy was supposed to be the villain of the movie but in the end it turned out to be a boring and repetitive movie. The movie is not a bad one at all. The cinematography is good and the music is nice. The bad guys are really bad. If you have a taste of bad guys who do bad things then you will like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you haven't seen this movie yet, stop reading now.   It is bad.  The main character, Jeff, is a typical teenager.  He is a virgin.  That's it.  Jeff has a friend who works at a store that sells video games and is also a virgin and he has a girlfriend.  In the beginning of the movie Jeff is seen having sex with a friend's girlfriend and then later having sex in a movie theatre.  It's all very innocent, but then the movie takes a turn for the worse.  As the movie progresses Jeff goes to his parents house.  This is a good idea on the part of the makers, as it gives Jeff an excuse to spend more time with his parents.  However, when Jeff comes home his parents are not home.  They are out.  I find this to be a very bad idea.  What if Jeff's parents have something to do with the murders that have been occurring?  I know, I know...it's a movie.  But, in a real life situation I can't think of a way this could have happened.  There's no reason for Jeff to be at his parents place when he's not there.  And, if the murders are really happening, Jeff would have noticed it by now.     So what does Jeff do?  Well, he takes a little trip to the local movie theatre and ends up killing a bunch of people.  All I can say is this movie is not funny.  Even if the makers of this movie are laughing out loud as they are making it, they need to go back and rethink what they are doing.  If this movie was about a bunch a teenagers getting drunk and getting into fights then it would be good.  Otherwise it's a terrible mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate this movie. It has everything wrong with it:   the story, the characters, the acting, the dialog, the editing, the special effects, the direction, the production, the sound, the writing, the music, the cinematography, the marketing, the soundtrack, the wardrobe, the makeup, the hair, the voiceover, the directing, the script, the visual effects, and the music. The special effects are terrible, but not as bad as the music and direction. I can't stand it, and I don't think that I will ever watch this movie again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it's the same old song.  This is just a bunch of people hanging out, and having fun.    The guy who played the part of the "drunken" barkeep is a good one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like it.  It's not that bad, but it's not good either.   If you've seen the remake, you'd know the same story, only with different actors and a different story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pretty good movie that I'm surprised nobody else has made yet.  The plot is really dumb and doesn't really work that well, but it's fun to watch the kids try to do something that doesn't work, and it's not even the first time they have tried to do this, and they haven't gotten a very good result. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a bad sequel to a bad film. The movie is an overblown retelling of a fairy tale with a few modern-day additions to the story. The main character, a fairy-tale character (who's also a fairy) named Alice, is given a new role. Her new role involves rescuing a prince who is trapped in a tower with a princess.   As it turns out, the princess is actually a fairy who was banished by her father and turned into a princess to be married to the prince.  It is only after she's been transformed into a fairy that she gets into a little bit of trouble, only to get rescued by Alice.  After rescuing her, Alice decides that she should be married, but the prince wants to marry the princess instead.  Alice decides to help the princess get the prince's attention by doing a series of tasks.  In the first task, Alice has to find the prince, then get him to fall in love with her.  Then she has to get the princess to fall for the prince too.  Finally, Alice must convince the princess and the prince to have a "marriage ceremony" to make it all happen.  This is the sort of story that would be fun to watch as a kid.  Unfortunately, it's a poorly-made movie, which means it's not fun to sit through.  "If you love fairy tales, this is the movie for you!"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad! There is no story line at all, and it is all pretty generic sci fi, with a big ol' space ship, lots of alien and robot robots, and lots of space junk floating around. There is nothing new or creative about this film.   The acting is pretty bad as well.   If you're looking for a bad film, this is it!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I hadn't already been to the movies in LA, I would have gone to see this.  It was an overproduced film, with a few good bits, but the plot didn't work and the script was just awful.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am not a fan of "cinematic noir". The plot is rather silly and the movie is so short that it is hard to believe it was filmed in this country. There are no great performances, no great special effects and the only real scene is a quick one between a couple at the beach, so much like "The Long Good Friday". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing you see is the bad movie, and it is a bad film.  First of all, the acting in the movie is very poor.    This movie is a "how to get into the movie business" type of thing.  One of the bad guys is a little "man" and he says "you want a little man to come with you into a big world, you got to give him a good head start"   He gets the girl, but it is all too short and he gets out of the movie before the bad guy.  The other bad guy is a very bad looking "woman", and she says "You think you can beat me?   I don't think I'm the toughest woman on the planet, I'm just very good at what I do"      The first time I saw this movie I was shocked at the bad acting.  I've seen worse, but this is the worst.  It is all bad acting and the bad special effects.  This is a poor attempt to get a movie off the ground, and is only a "movie" because of the special effects and the voice acting.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I can't even describe how bad this is. There are some scenes that are absolutely disgusting. I'm sure a lot of you have seen this before, but for those who don't, let me explain: This movie is about a woman who has a very large penis and has to have sex with a lot more men than most women.  This movie has the worst actors, the worst script, and the worst directing.  The plot of this movie is really bad.  I really can't think of anything else that could be worse than this.  It's a terrible film, and I can only hope that someone in Hollywood makes a better version.  It's a real shame that this movie isn't better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you like your movie violent and bad, then you'll like this movie.   It starts out with the usual cliches: a family is going to visit the house of their long lost grandpa.  As it goes on, the old man gets sick and the family has to stay at the house, as his health is declining.  One of the family members gets the idea of making a movie of the old guy's adventures, and so, it's done.  The plot is predictable and the acting is awful, but it's an entertaining watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie I have ever seen. It is a very uninteresting story about a couple who are trying to raise a child who has a severe disability, and in this movie the child is never heard from again.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an entertaining but somewhat disappointing movie.  I was expecting some good story, but instead, we get a bunch of bad jokes and a bad ending.    I guess I can't really complain about the story because it was interesting enough.  The movie is about a family who lives in a house and they try to raise their children.  The kids are mean and mean to the adults and the family is in constant fear of the kids.  There are some pretty dark moments in the movie and it doesn't get any better.  I didn't enjoy it much but I guess there are worse movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie I've ever seen. I think I could watch this movie all day. I wish it was on the History Channel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are several problems with this movie:   1. The actors are not funny, but the bad movie makers make up for that by making the movie seem like a bad comedy. I can't see a laugh coming out of it, and the dialog is so cliched.   2. I am tired of seeing these cheap, cheap, and stupid movies that are just designed to get a laugh. I just wish that there were more decent ones out there!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so much like the original, but worse, that I could only see it as a parody, or a cheap, cheap rip-off. The film's story has been done many times, and in many different ways, but the story of "The Curse of the Amazons" is one of the worst in the history of bad movies. It has all the ingredients of a cheap movie: lots of comedy, and the kind of "swag" that Hollywood has come to rely on. The best part of the movie is the ending. The hero, who is an amateur historian, is finally able to convince a professor that the real story is a lot more exciting than the film that he has seen. The professor is amazed by the film and starts studying it. The end of the film is also good, with some funny dialog. There is not much else to say. It's just another cheap Hollywood picture. I have seen it three times and the third time I saw it I was embarrassed for my children to watch it with me.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie over and over again. It is a terrible movie and it shows no respect for anything.  This movie is a blatant attempt to cash in on a terrible book.  The only reason why the book is a horrible one is because the author wrote it.  It is written like an awful high school romance novel.   It has the same horrible plot twists, the same stupid characters, and the same characters from all of the other movies that are out there.  I would have rather had the director of this movie write a terrible novel.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A little bit of a "re-enactment" of the Battle of Waterloo: a young Frenchman is a soldier, a very brave, but not very clever soldier. The first time he is ordered to be a soldier. He is a clever, but very foolish one. He sees a cannonball, shoots it, and gets shot himself. Then he gets better. I never was in a war where I saw so many dead bodies. The French were so numerous that it was hard to know what was dead and what wasn't. Some men were half dead; some were still alive. I think they were trying to get a shot off with a musket or some such thing. The dead were everywhere; the dead bodies of a whole regiment of men; dead men lying on the ground, the wounded, the dying; it was horrible to look at it. But a man is not always a coward. The poor little Frenchman was brave, very brave. But he was not clever. He did not see the cannonball; he did not know the way to shoot it; he thought he would just get lucky; and he did just get luck. He shot the cannon ball, and missed the man. The Frenchman was a good man, but a bad shot. The English were good at their fighting; they had many more cannonballs than the French had men to use them. It was a great victory for the English.   It was all very funny and very well acted. It wasn't a good picture; it wasn't very good acting; it didn't really do anything but show a little bit about the Battle. The only good thing about it was that it had a happy ending. It is all very sad.   the story of "The General" was a reenactments of the events of the Waterloo battle, and was supposed to show the good side of the French, but I can't imagine that it did. I am afraid that the story did not show anything of the real story. I wish I had not been there to see it, but that is just the way it is. I hope you had fun.   The general was a pretty bad actor. It took me a long time to figure out that he was actually a good actor, but there was not much to figure it out about. The film did not do a very good job of telling the story. The real Waterloo was an awful thing.  .
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't expect this film to be good, so I didn the best I could with it. It has a nice story about an old man who wants to build a bridge over a river that is full of crocodiles. The crocodiles are actually called "Noodles" (a name for the type of crocodile), and they are not very friendly. The old man tries to keep them away from the bridge, and the crocodiles don't like that at all. Eventually, the old man gets a friend who comes along on the journey with him. The friend, who is named Mr. P, is a kind of a comedian, who tries to make fun of the situation. Mr. A is a nice man who, despite his age, knows a little about crocodiles and uses them as a weapon. Unfortunately, crocodiles aren't the only creatures Mr. E has to contend with. The story is a little bit slow at times, and I found it difficult to follow the story at times. There is also a scene where Mr. H is trying to make a movie about the story. It is a movie that I didn´t watch, so the dialogue is not very clear. The main characters are also a little slow, but it is still a good movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I really don't know why it's taken so long for this to come out. I don't care for the first and third films. The story isn't much different from the others. You're not going to find much of a plot. The third film is just the same old story with some new dialogue and some new characters. I'm sure this will be a hit at the box office and I don a lot of it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a waste of a bad film.   This is a film made for a laugh and it doesn't deliver.  It's very badly made.  The film is a mix of two things;  1) The two leads are bad actors.  2) The director tries to make a comedy out of a tragedy.  I am surprised that they bothered to cast a decent actor to play the lead role.  Even though it's a horror film, it's not really horror.  They take the "bad things" that they see on the news, and make them funny.  This film is full of poor jokes, and I'm not sure if the film was made for people who enjoy watching horror movies.  At the end of the day, I think the film made me laugh, but not in a good way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this and it was a total train wreck, but that's not a bad thing, because it's a movie that takes itself too seriously and is completely forgettable.  It's just bad, bad, terrible, bad.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There's not a lot to say about this movie. It's a pretty generic action movie, with a few interesting set pieces here and there. The action scenes are pretty much all the same, just with different characters and some more special effects. The movie is pretty forgettable, but it's at least not a bad film by any means. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I want to be a fucking astronaut. This movie is so bad, it's better to watch it in slow motion."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really wanted to like this movie and I was hoping that it would have more character development and more interesting story line. The bad thing about this movie is that the plot is stupid. We are led to believe that the hero and heroine are being followed by the bad guys and we have to do all of the running around and jumping over stuff to save the day. There are some interesting plot twists here and there but none of them really get us excited about the movie. I guess I was expecting a more interesting movie and not a bunch of stupid running around but still a decent movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie had a lot of good ideas but nothing interesting about it.  It was also rather boring.   I am not sure why the makers of the movie wanted to do a "Winnie the Pooh" style movie about an orphan who has no idea what is going on.  It did not work out that way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's all the same old crap: The hero and his buddy find themselves stranded in a mysterious castle and get into all sorts of trouble.  One of the many things I find amusing about this movie is how the cast of characters seem to be the only people who are interested in any of the adventure.    The whole thing has a cheesy feel about it.   And it just goes on and on and it just gets boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a disaster from beginning to end. It is not an entertaining movie. The plot consists of a woman being raped by a group of men, but she is rescued by a woman who has a big mouth, a fake tan, and a very big penis. The women in this movie are all too much like the women in the previous two Twilight movies:     What's worse is that the female lead is not even a virgin. I mean, she's not, but there are so many other reasons why this movie is terrible: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The best of the worst of the best: A bunch of characters who never stop acting like they're on some kind of bad TV show.      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can't recommend this movie enough. It's got a nice story with a good cast. The acting is pretty decent. The badness is mostly in the animation. I can only recommend this for people who like good movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a very bad time watching this movie. The actors, especially the two leads, don't have a thing to say. I mean, they act like they have nothing to say for a very long time and it is boring. The film is not very good. It is not bad, it is just really bad. I would like to see a movie that has the same level of bad acting and bad dialogue as this one did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a very lame and poorly acted movie.  The plot is nothing new, except that the villain is played by a pretty girl, who does an awful job.    This is the second time I've seen this film and it's pretty poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen, I'd give it 1 star if I could, the movie looks like it was made in the 70s, the acting is horrendous, and the acting director, who has an uncanny resemblance to the movie's producer, is really terrible, I don't think the movie would have had the same impact if it was directed by someone else. The film starts off like a good horror movie should: a little boy comes home from school to find his mother has disappeared. The little boy tries to get to the bottom of what happened by investigating his home which seems to be a real home. Soon he discovers a strange secret room with an old man and a creepy monster lurking in the shadows. I could go on about how horrible the movie is but I'm sure that would spoil the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is about the love affair between a girl who works as a prostitute and a high school student who lives in the neighborhood. It's about them having a passionate relationship which is interrupted when the girl falls in love with a boy. This movie isn't very good. There is nothing good to say about it. The story is very confusing and there is very little in the way of plot. There's a lot of sex, nudity, and drugs. The sex scenes are pretty lame. I don't think that most of the sex scenes were good enough to make me go see this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last 15 minutes of the film were a joke.   If you ever watched a stupid movie like this, you know the plot:  A guy named Bill (Bill Paxton) is a truck driver, who is killed in a horrific accident on his way to work.  His son, who goes to live with his mom in an abandoned house, tells him about a strange ghost.  The ghost lives in the woods, which is why Bill keeps calling it "the woods".  Bill thinks the ghost is a "possessed" old lady, and so he gets a couple of buddies to take her out on a road trip.  What happens is...well, if you're a movie buff, this is a good movie:     We start off with Bill Paxton, a trucker, who gets killed in an automobile accident.  It turns out he's not dead after all.  He's actually possessed by a witch who's trying to get rid of him.  This is a very stupid movie.  There's a ton of stuff that happens, but it all comes off as a cheap attempt to sell people on a film that is nothing more than an old lady possessed by an evil spirit.  I don't like this movie at all. It's a waste of a good cast and crew, and it's a shame it never got the success it deserved.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a pretty standard horror movie with an old lady, a creepy house, and a guy that looks like Michael Myers in a mask.   There is also some gore in this one, but not enough to make it a good one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing that bothers me about this movie is the dialogue:  I love the dialogue, but it was just plain silly.   When a character is in a cave and is being chased by snakes, the narrator says:  " The first thing the snakes do is to jump out of the ground, in such a way that you would think it was an earthquake.  " It's like a kid has been given a really bad movie, and then the snakes come out of nowhere and jump up and down, which is the way the snake-chasers do it!   So I guess we can't complain too much about the dialogue being silly, because I was enjoying the movie more or less anyway.  The plot was so much more interesting than this!  This movie was the first "horror" movie I've ever seen, and it's been one of the few horror movies I've seen.  I didn't have a real problem with it at all, but I didn.t care for the actors that much, so it didn't work for me.  This was probably the most successful film of the late 1930s, and is the only movie to ever make over a million dollars at the box office. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not a great movie.  No, really.    It is not the worst movie ever, but it is not great either.  It tries to make you feel bad for the characters, but fails miserably.  The plot is not that original, the characters are not that interesting, and the acting is a bit too cheesy for this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a very long movie. There is some action and a bit of comedy and a few moments of suspense. The story is not very original and is just a story of a man and a woman trying to find a man who is missing. It is not the best movie but it does the job it was given.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm sure the whole world is laughing at us because we're all in on the joke.   But we're still watching the movie, with the same laugh at all the wrong jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The best "action movie" is an action movie:  "Gangsters in Paradise" is a movie that has been made in Hollywood. But it is also an action film:  It is a good action movie. But the movie is a failure.  It has a great plot.  A good script.  The actors are good:  The movie starts off with a scene that has a "bad guy" standing in the middle of a field, shooting a gun.  He is seen for a few seconds and then the gun goes off and the bad guy falls down dead.  Now the movie follows a "good guy" who gets involved with a gang called "The Bad Guys" who are all wearing green outfits.  When a gang member is shot in the head the bad guys have to leave the scene and the "good guys" have to take over the scene.  And then the bad people start shooting at the "bad guys" with guns.   It is a really good movie: The Bad guys are bad: But it is a bad action movie that doesn't have enough blood and gore.  This movie has a story that isn't very good.  I didn't like it.      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's one of those films that is so obvious that it makes no sense to watch it. There is a scene in the middle of the film in which a woman is being raped by a gang of thugs. The gang rapes her so many times that the poor woman can't even keep up. Her cries for help are ignored and she is beaten with a stick until she is unconscious.  This is obviously an attempt to "prove" that the rape of a woman can be just as bad as rape of men. The whole thing is just a bad idea and I'm not sure why they even thought of it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie is terrible. I am not going to go into a lot of detail, but let me say that the movie is so bad it is hilarious. It is one of those movies that is so poorly made that the film can be seen as the creation of a very talented and ambitious person. In the movie, the main character, James, is an ex-marine who has been discharged from the military for being mentally unfit. As a result of this, James is on his own and is forced to work as a janitor at a small office building. He is constantly having to clean up the messes left by the employees, and his coworkers are not exactly kind. He constantly gets the impression that he is being watched by a group of guys who are watching him and who have some sort of vendetta against him. The movie has a lot going for it, but none of it holds up. The acting is pretty bad, the plot is ridiculous, the cinematography is poor, and the special effects are terrible.  It is not until the movie ends that you realize that it is an awful movie, because by that time you have already seen everything that could possibly be bad about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's one of those movies that is not good. The script is a mess, the actors are terrible, and the special effects are bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  this movie has the makings of a great movie. The cast is wonderful, the sets are good, and the story is good. But it is so boring. The movie is filled with the usual, "he-she-they-he-they."  I could care less about the movie and the characters. I just want to see the end of the movie so I can watch it again.  I don't know why this is rated so high, it was boring, over the top, and totally pointless. I don' t want to be bothered by this movie anymore.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is not a bad film at all, its not a good film at least, its just an old tired joke from the old movies of yore. This is a very poor effort from a low budget production company.   I did like this movie a little bit, the first time I saw it it had a certain old movie charm about it. The other bad parts are that it has a terrible plot, the acting is bad, the story is lame, the action is boring, the music is terrible, and the acting was just terrible, even the actresses looked like they were trying to imitate the bad actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible movie, it made me cringe. It was not fun at all. The plot was stupid and I have never understood why it was made, why not make a movie about a real person or something.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most common criticism I have heard about this film is that it is not very funny. I don't really know why, since it is a comedy. I have to say though, that the movie is actually pretty funny. It's funny because the main character is an obnoxious douchebag who can't stop talking about his wife. It is also funny because, despite what he says, his wife really is his best friend.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love this movie but i am disappointed.   This movie is the perfect blend of horror and comedy.  It has a good story that is done in a way that is just perfect for the time.  This is a fun movie to watch with a good time. I recommend this movie for all ages.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst I have ever seen. There are absolutely no redeeming features about this movie. It is just a bunch of people walking around in a field. The people in this movie are all over the place, some walking like they are on their way to a funeral, some looking very unhappy, and some looking like they just want to be left alone. I will not watch this movie again. I wish I could give it a negative rating. I don't know what else to say.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm a sucker for the little movies and this one was a nice one.   It was a small cast of characters and they were all funny, and it was a real story of a man who had a heart attack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was so excited for this movie because of the great acting, the great storyline and the amazing special effects.   But I just couldn't like it.  The acting was pretty bad and the acting was done by one of the most forgettable actors in the history of film.  Even if they did a good job of the special effects, I just didn't care.  I also thought that the plot was a mess.  It was all about a guy who had to kill his evil uncle because he's evil and he's been murdering people for years.  But the story didn't get anywhere because the uncle was never even mentioned and there were no real plot twists.  Also, there were several scenes that I found to be a little cheesy and unnecessary.  If you're looking for an entertaining movie that doesn't get very far, then this might be for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had no expectations going in to this film. I had heard the name and was looking forward to it but had no idea what to expect. The film itself is the worst kind of movie. The characters are just flat and uninteresting. It's like watching a terrible movie on tape. It just doesn't work. There is a couple of decent sequences but not enough to make up for all the awfulness that's in this movie. I would have given up watching this movie had it not been for the fact that it has a beautiful ending. This film is the epitome of bad filmmaking. I have never seen a worse film and I have seen more bad movies. I think I will go watch the original Star Wars now.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this on a dare. I really wanted to like this movie, it had a great premise, and was good at being a camp movie.   The only problem with this movie is that the campiness of the premise wears off pretty fast, and you just end up with a campy movie.        The cast is great.  Katherine Heigl is good as the daughter, and I'm not saying she has a great role, but she's pretty cute.  And what the heck is with that girl in the black dress?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this film, a girl's mother is a prostitute. The mother's pimp is the leader of a gang that attacks the house of the daughter's grandfather. It's an interesting concept that works well on the screen, but it doesn't do much for me. The movie starts off promising, and the main character is played by a very talented actor. He's very charismatic, and he has a very convincing physical performance. But as the movie goes on, it becomes less interesting, and less believable. I found myself thinking that I was watching a bad soap opera more than a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first movie I've ever seen is a disaster.   It was so bad it was like a bad drug addict watching his bad habits get worse and worse until he overdosed on drugs and got murdered by his own father.  The film stars David Ogden Stiers, who had been on the big screen for a while, but has now been in over a hundred bad movies.  His character, a man who lives in a small town and who makes his living by shooting things with a shotgun, seems to be just another of the town's "goons," but it's not.  He is a good guy who is a gun nut and doesn't really understand why the bad guys want to kill him, or why he has to kill them.  This is a film that should never have been made, and it does not deserve a second viewing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm sure it was a lot of fun. It's not. I had the most fun with this movie. I loved every minute of it, the story, the action, the characters, the music. It was a very cool movie, I loved it. I would have bought it.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that has not been well received, at least not in the US. It's an okay movie and has some decent action sequences but it's a long movie and the writing just doesn't seem to be as sharp as it should be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am not even going to bother to review the movie, as I don't care for the premise of the movie. The main characters are all characters from my favorite children's book: The Little Prince. It's a good book.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I haven't seen this movie in a long time and still can't stand it.  It's one of those films that is so bad, so bad it is actually a little bit funny.    It's like watching a train wreck on your own front lawn.        I was once told by a friend that the first movie was his favorite, and the second was the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very, very bad movie.  There's nothing good about it.    A very boring movie about a poor man who goes into a bar and tries to find a prostitute to prostitute his daughter, and he ends up being murdered for it. The girl's name is Erika and she's an 18-year-old who has a boyfriend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not sure what the problem is.  The movie is very funny and the actors are great.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What's the point of this movie? What is this movie trying to say? The plot seems to consist entirely of two things:  1) An uneducated young man, a total wimp, who is living on a welfare check and is constantly drinking beer from a can to stay awake.  2) A prostitute.   And, oh yes, I do remember that one.  .  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not a bad flick, but a boring one.  The director has made a movie out of a series of short stories, some of them really funny, some really stupid, and some really dumb.    I guess the producers of this movie decided to capitalize on all the "hits" of the TV show and made a "movie" out of the "duds."   This movie is so bad that I think the studio is trying to capitalize off the fact that the TV series was very successful, and now they're trying to repeat the same mistakes.  The story is a rehash of the show, but it's all rehashes.  I mean, this is a film with the same set-up, but I'm pretty sure it's the same story being told.  This is a very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very stupid movie, which I can only describe as 'the worst movie ever made'. It is based on a very good book, which has nothing to do with the movie, and is a complete waste of your time. I watched it twice, and both times I laughed my ass off. If you want a comedy movie, this is not it, but if you want something to laugh at and get your adrenaline pumping, this may be the movie for you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an awful film with terrible acting. It's a shame because I loved the book so much. I think that it would have been better as a graphic novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was a complete waste of time. The film was filled with terrible acting and terrible acting is what makes a bad film bad. The actors had no character and their characters are the most boring characters ever made. The story itself was a mess, and the ending was so predictable that I was sure the whole film was made up. I will never see a sequel to this movie, and will be sorry to hear that they are still making them.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved this movie, it's just too bad the cast of actors were so bad.  There is a scene where we are watching the main character, he's at a party and all of a sudden he goes over to a cute girl.    Then the guy that was talking to her comes over to her and says "let me have a kiss, you like to kiss, I don't know why."      He kisses her and then says "what a nice kisser."    I'm sure she doesn't like it but she does it anyway.    They start to kiss more and more and then one of them turns around and says something to the other one and then both of them say "we should do this more often"   and then they start kissing again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I just read the first book, and am still in love with the idea and story line, but it is a terrible movie and it is hard to watch.   The acting is terrible.  The writing is terrible and it was just a terrible idea.  It is like a bad comic book, with an over-the-top special effects.  I think the idea was a good one, and there was a lot of fun to be had in the idea, but I would rather see a film made out of a story that is not so much a comic book as a graphic novel, with a bit of a different story line. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was expecting a better movie than this. The acting was weak and there was nothing to the story.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst film I have seen all year. I don't know why the director felt he had to make this movie.  He did not even try to make a film out of the first few minutes of the film.   I have heard that the original title of this film was "The Big Bang Theory" but no one can remember it.  The ending is stupid.  They have to play a game of chess and they lose.  What happened in the past is a big mystery and it is all over before it even starts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a big fan of the original (and the remake) Star Wars films.  They're very well done, with a good cast.  The new movie  is a disappointment.    This is not a good movie.  In fact it is a terrible one.  I don't like the new Star Wars movies.  First, the new actors are all really bad.  George Lucas doesn't seem to know what he is doing.  He made an old film and gave it a new and improved look.  They also added the new droids (the ones that can talk) that are not as funny as they used to be.  Then they added the annoying Jar Jar.  This movie is also a bad example of a special effects movie.   They used the old cantina set, but the interior is completely different.  There is not even a cantina to hang out in.  It's all just a big hall with lots of chairs and tables.  Even the lights are different. The old ones are way too bright.  A little dark is better.  Finally, the special effects are terrible.  As a Star Wars fan I can't help but be disappointed by this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this a couple years ago. I thought the ending was lame. And it's the same story that has been done dozens of times before.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a good old fashioned black comedy about two guys who get stuck in a swamp.   There is some pretty good comedic work here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the more poorly made films I have ever seen. It starts out with a man, his girlfriend and his two friends, going on a weekend camping trip in the woods. He has an argument with his girlfriend, and gets into a fight with a guy, who later turns out to be a guy he met on a dating website. They end up at the cabin, where they get into a drunken brawl, during which one of them gets a bite taken out of him. He is taken to a hospital, and there is a scene where the doctors perform an operation on his wound, but there is no sign of blood on the body, and he looks to be in the clear. The next scene shows a couple of guys, who look like they could be in a western, sitting in a bar. This gets interrupted by a guy with a gun who shoots the bartender dead, and then the bartender's corpse walks in, dressed as a woman.   The movie does not have a great deal of plot. I can see why they made this one, but it is hard to follow. It is just a mess of plot, character interactions, and a lot of talking that does not make any sense. There is a lot going on in this movie. There are lots of guys talking, lots of gun fights, lots and lots of action, lots, lots more talking, a lot more action, and it all happens in a forest. And when there is action, the action is pretty bad. It has a very slow pace. I don't know how they made it so that the action was slow, but they did.  -The actors are good. The main character, who looks like he could be a cowboy, is played by Paul Newman. There was an actress who played the wife, who is a big beauty, and played a character that was a man. There were other actors who played other characters, but I don.t remember them. The rest of the cast is pretty weak. The film seems to have been made on a very low budget. The acting was bad, and the story was awful. I found it hard to believe that anyone would like this movie, and I didn't.     I would not recommend this movie to anyone. I really don't. I think that if you can get over the bad acting, and if you like westerns, then you could enjoy this movie a little bit. It does have a nice soundtrack
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story was so lame I felt sick just reading it. The movie had a very low budget and even the best of Hollywood could not create a story as pathetic as this.   I do not know how much money was spent on this film.  It was a big let down and a sad one to watch.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a truly terrible movie. It is not just a terrible movie, it is a horrible, bad movie. And it's a stupid, bad, terrible movie about a dumb girl who thinks she can beat up a bad guy because he has a moustache. And she does, and it's horrible, horrible, terrible, horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful movie. There are a few things about it that are kind of nice, especially the music. The acting is terrible, and the directing is so bad that it's hard to find any redeeming quality. The movie is really bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In all honesty I would not have minded the remake of this film, but I think it would have made a better movie than the original.  It was very bad, there were a few good moments, but the rest was just a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been watching this film for quite some time now and have never been a big fan of horror films. I have seen a couple of the films from the late 70s which I thought were pretty good. The first one I saw was a classic. I was at a family gathering one day and we were watching this movie. A young boy is having a nightmare about his dad. He is going to get into a truck with a truck driver and then get into an accident and die. As the nightmare comes to life, the driver tells the boy that he is not the man he is pretending to be. It's actually his real father. I loved this movie and was very sad when it ended. The next film I saw I had to look it up. I must say I'm a little disappointed in this one. The whole plot was about a woman who had been kidnapped by a family and had to work in a haunted house. As she is working in the house, the woman gets a phone call from her kidnapper who threatens her to tell him who the killer is. After that, it was a case of who was in that house? I didn't like this movie very much. I like the story but I was not a fan of the execution of the film. There were a few creepy moments in there but the movie didn't really have a good end to it. I don't remember how the movie ended. I did like the ending though.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a movie that has been seen and hated by many a moviegoer. There are no laughs in this movie and there are very few heart beating moments. The only good thing that came out of this is the ending when the guy gets his bike back from the cops and then goes to the bar to find out what happened to his friends.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say this movie was so bad it's almost worth the wait for the first part of the movie, the second half of the film is the same bad movie, so bad that I actually gave up watching this movie and just took a break from it.  It is like some kind of horror movie with a zombie apocalypse, the zombies have the same head shape as in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a film that has no redeeming value and is a complete disappointment.   The characters are all stupid, the plot is terrible, and the ending is a disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have a bad feeling about this film, and I don't want to be alone in it.  It is one of those films where the characters all have the same voice, and when it comes down to it, they all do the same thing.    This is a film where the director has no clue what to do.  The script doesn't even make sense.  It seems like they tried to do a western, but didn't know what to put in it to get the feel of it, so they made it a western about two women who have the dream of being a rock band.  So they do that, and they meet up with the guy who runs the club, and the rest of the film is a montage of them being in the studio, playing instruments, drinking, dancing, and getting high, and then the dream comes true.  But, it doesn't make sense, and it's hard to figure out where the plot is going.  One of the most annoying things about this is the fact that there is no music at all, and you're watching this, and there's nothing, and all you hear is the two people talking.  What the hell is the point of the movie?  I think this film could have been a lot better, but I didn't really enjoy it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a very stupid movie. It is so stupid that it is stupid. This movie has two different stories. The first one is about a man who is stuck in a bad motel room. This is when the main character enters and discovers that the room is a bad one, too. The second story is about the guy who runs the motel, a very strange guy who talks like a robot and is really mean to everyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was born in 1974 and grew up on a farm in the middle of nowhere. The closest town was two hours away. I can still remember the sound of a big black helicopter circling overhead while we all sat in the car watching it. The only thing that has ever really brought me back from my days as a kid is the memories of my grandfather's old silverado and his crew of horses. The last time I went there, I remember standing in a field of hay with the sun setting on the horizon. I watched a herd of horses gallop away and I knew they would not come back again. I think the next time I see them, it will be a long time before they come back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was so bad I would have to be deaf and dumb to see it. It is like a terrible Disney movie made by a Disney-haters.   I don't understand how a director with a history of making bad movies can make one worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really don't know how to review this movie. The movie is so bad that I could not understand the plot. I don't even remember why I am watching this movie but I did.    What are your thoughts on this movie? Did you like this movie or did you not like it? Share your thoughts with us!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a pretty boring movie, with one really cool scene in the second act.   A very cool scene from a very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film is pretty much un-inspired. There's nothing here for me to take home.   It's an excuse for the actors to go around playing the same character over and over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There's a lot to like about this movie, but it's also a bit of a trainwreck from start to finish. The script is so bad and so stupid, it's hard to even understand what the characters are saying. The movie tries to be a "serious" drama with some pretty funny moments and some great acting by Michael Douglas. The plot involves a group of students that go to a "funny school" that teaches them about life. One of the kids gets "sucked in" to the wrong crowd and eventually ends up on the wrong side of the law.   The acting is pretty bad and the story is basically a mess. There's so many characters to get lost in and so many different scenes to watch. This is a very bad movie that makes no sense and tries to make it look like it's a big "story" about the "good guys".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that I enjoyed this movie a little. It was ok. It just doesn't hold a candle to "The Room". I guess it would be a pretty good horror movie if the acting were a little better and it was a little shorter. But I guess I just don't care to watch it anymore.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're a horror fan then this is not the movie for you. But if you're looking for a good movie that's pretty damn funny, then this should be the one. The movie opens with a man and a woman who are being followed by a mysterious killer. The man is killed and the woman is left to die on a beach. When she awakes in a hospital, she has no recollection of how she got there or how she killed her attacker. The only clue is a note left on her bed by a woman in a white blouse and skirt. It is a long shot but you get a glimpse of the woman's body. The woman's name is Mary and she is a "normal" girl. The scene where she is getting ready for a date with a guy she doesn't like is funny. I laughed out loud when I saw it.   In the next scene a man arrives at the house to do a background check on the couple. The husband doesn't want to do the background check because he wants to go outside. When he is told to go out by the husband he says he doesn't have to go. He gets into the car with the woman who tells him to get back in the car and they will drive out of there. The guy says he has a friend with him who is a cop. The wife asks who he is and he says a police officer. The police officer tells him that the guy doesn't live at the address he gave. So the husband drives off, but he sees the officer's car going up the road behind them. When the car stops, the officer tells the husband to get out. He does and the guy who was in the passenger seat runs off.  .The husband drives down the street and the cop pulls up behind him. The cop tells the wife to get down on the ground and the husband asks what he's doing. The officer tells her that he's there to do an inspection. The girl, Mary, gets up and the officer says "You better get out of the car." The wife says "Are you crazy? It's not that bad. I just got shot." The cop says "No, you got shot. I'm not going to go to jail for this." The girl who is sitting in the back seat says "It's your fault. I told you not to go inside. You were supposed to stay outside."   The officer tells Mary to get in the police
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was bad, really bad.  The story was stupid, the characters were annoying, the dialogue was annoying, and the plot was boring.   It was all over the place, from the beginning to the end.  I have seen it three times in the theaters and each time it was worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that this is one of those movies that will always make me think of my dad who loved this movie so much. If this movie had been made by someone who had no idea about comedy or was trying to make a comedy out of it, I might have enjoyed it more. However, it is a good comedy with a good script and the music is excellent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie so bad it makes the original "Beverly Hills Cop" look like "Ace Ventura: Pet Detective".   -  - A movie that is so bad, that I will not waste a moment on its description, just see the movie and see if you don't think it is an absolute nightmare.   This movie is the most despicable thing I have ever seen.  It is the ultimate nightmare. You can never get a grip on what is happening, not to mention the horrible sound effects, the terrible acting, the cheesy plot line, the unreadable script, the horrible music and the complete lack of originality.  What a nightmare.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to go into great detail about how terrible this movie is. You have to be familiar with this genre to be able to enjoy it, and the fact that this is so poorly done is what makes it so terrible. I had to turn it off and watch it in the middle of the night when I didn't want to, and I would have to recommend it to no one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This was a pretty boring movie that was very poorly made, with terrible acting and awful writing. I was not entertained, I was just annoyed.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst film I've ever seen in my life. It is an incredibly bad movie. It looks like a cheap production made by a bad director. This is not the type of movie I would watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a poor movie. There are so many different plot elements and so much plot holes, I just couldn't figure out what was going on. I thought the plot holes were obvious at first, but then again, I don't know a whole lot about filmmaking. I can tell you that there are way too many times when the camera pans over a character's arm and there is a shadow on the arm and the arm isn't really there. Then the shadow just vanishes. It's not even close to close enough to make it look like a shadow. And then you get a flashback sequence that is so contrived and stupid, I almost didn't notice it when I first saw it. It was almost like the director was showing off. I'm guessing it was so contrivant and stupid because there were plenty of times where it was obvious what the camera was doing. It wasn't like the camera just was moving and that was the only thing going on in the scene. It seemed like the whole movie was being shown from the perspective of the people who were actually in the movie. I was also surprised that no one was wearing a condom. And, in general, it seemed like there was just too much going on that I was unable to follow.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't really believe this movie exists, but it did. The title makes it sound like an insane story, but that's just because this movie doesn't really have much to do with it. It's about a woman who has a bad back and who wants to have an abortion. She goes to a doctor who gives her some pills to induce a miscarriage. She doesn't take them, and it causes her to miscarry anyway. The doctor tries to help her and tells her to take the pills again and that's when she discovers that the woman who gave her the pills is actually a serial killer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this movie for a party and after about 5 minutes I knew I had made a bad decision. I loved the first movie so much but I just don't know what to think of this one. It's very slow and you'll be thinking about it for the rest of the night.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge Star Wars fan and I've seen this one too many times, it's the worst movie ever made. I'm a HUGE fan of the Star Wars films and this is one of the worst Star Wars movies ever made... It's the least entertaining movie I've ever seen. I mean it has bad effects, bad dialogue, bad acting and bad special effects... It has nothing to do with Star Wars... This is a complete waste of time. I can't believe how much money is wasted on this movie, it doesn't even make sense...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The "The Legend of Zelda" is a very entertaining adventure movie. I'm glad it is so good!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is just a bunch of stupid stereotypes about a bunch  of stupid characters.    In the first place,   the movie starts with a pretty big fat woman talking about how she's in love with a man who lives in a big house and who can't cook.  Then she goes on to talk about   her favorite thing about him:  " he's very gentle, and he never makes a fuss.  "   She's very happy, she's very proud, she doesn't have any   friends, and she has a husband who doesn't do   any work.  When   he was in a fight with another man and died, she went and buried him in the   garden, and it was then she decided she wanted   to get married.  And that's the way she ends up with   a guy who lives alone in a small house, cooks by himself, has no   wife, no kids, and no money.  It's just a whole bunch of   stupid stereotypes that   can only be viewed as a bunch bad jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I thought the first half of this movie was horrible and then, just as bad as the first two thirds. The movie is about an alien who's trapped on Earth and has no idea how to get out of his situation. The first part of the movie is basically a very long version of "Aliens" with a guy getting shot in the head, then being carried around by a woman, who's about to be killed by a car. This part of this film is so long that I would be willing to believe the movie would actually be better if it were shorter. The second part of "The Death Race" starts with the alien running around and trying to get away from the bad guys.   The bad guys in this film are basically a bunch of crazy people who have decided to kill all the people who live in the city that they live in. The aliens get in a fight with one of the bad dudes and then the bad guy's girlfriend tries to get him to surrender. After a while, she gets shot and then another guy gets shot, so they shoot him too. They also shoot a few other people in the crowd. The bad guy, who is a very good shot, gets shot in one of his legs and he collapses. The alien is then forced to watch this happen while he is still running. The next time he sees the aliens is when they are running and he starts running toward them. The people in this movie are so stupid that they don't notice the alien until they see him and run.  Posted by John at 12:33 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well I am glad I made the mistake of spending a few minutes of my life watching this trash.   A very, very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm glad that I can see the light at the end of the tunnel. I'm just so sick of all the bad movies I see on a weekly basis. I hope it doesn't get too bad. I'd be better off seeing a different movie every time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film follows the "The Man From Earth" story and a little twist is thrown in there too. I don't think it works as a horror movie but as a silly comedy. The characters are all a bunch of idiots and one of the dumbest characters is "Axe".   This movie is funny but not good at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have only seen this movie twice, once in the cinema and once on TV. The cinema version has been remade several times and is now the favourite of film fans in the world. It is a great fun and is very entertaining, it has some great laughs, and some great drama. The music is very good, especially when the "bad guy" is introduced. I'm sure I will go to see this again and again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So, let's get one thing out of the way: it is hard to like this movie.   It's a movie that tries to be funny at times, but at other times it feels like the writer was just playing a game of "what can I get away with."   As a result, the movie's tone is pretty consistently maudlin. There are a lot of scenes that don't really fit into any kind of storyline. And, it is a movie about a guy who has been to hell and back and then gets rescued by a woman who has a gun and is determined to shoot anyone who tries to take her guns away.   the plot:               
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible movie!  Don't get me wrong, the actors are good, the movie is well made, the music is good, and the movie has good effects, but it's still a terrible movie.  There are a lot of cheap gags throughout the movie that don't even make any sense.    The main character is stupid and acts like a complete idiot.  He talks to a guy who is on his motorcycle and gives him directions.  I was expecting him to tell the guy how to get home, but instead he tells the guy where he is going.  When the guy asks what time it is he replies, "It's 11:30 PM, the lights are out, and I don't have any lights on my bike!"  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A little bit like a video game, only without the challenge.   I think I will never get over how bad this movie is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I found this to be a disappointing and lame movie. I mean, it was pretty bad, but then again, most of the time the movie just doesn't feel like a movie at all. The writing is just a bunch of nonsense with little to no depth. Even the actors are poorly portrayed as nothing more than generic movie characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved this movie and I would recommend it to everyone. This movie is very realistic in its portrayal of what it's like to be a teenager. The actors are all very good and the movie doesn't overstay its welcome. The music is great and the acting is great.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love the idea of the story, and that it is set in an alternate world. I also love the characters, especially the lead, who is such a cool character. I'm not really sure what I was expecting from the story. I think it would have been a good idea to add a few more scenes, as it felt like it was just going in circles. I can only hope that they keep on the good work.   Read this if you like sci-fi action, sci-fiction space adventure, or sci-fantasy comedy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I haven't seen this movie yet, but I'm sure it will be an utter failure.  The film stars the guy from "Pleasantville" and he's still in the role.    This guy is really good at playing the "moustachioed gentleman" who has to be taken care of by his wife.  I can see why this is the "best" movie about a good guy who's a bad guy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an extremely stupid movie with no story or plot, it's just the stupidest, stupidest movie I've ever seen.   I was so sick of seeing this film over and over again, it has a bad cast and is boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The worst of the worst  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is one of the worst films ever made. It is so bad it is impossible to get through it. The movie has the worst story ever told. The story is told by a woman named Dolly (played by Meryl Streep) who goes to a party where she meets a man (played (s) by Billy Zane) who seems very nice and intelligent.   But then the movie turns into a horror movie and the guy turns out to be a very nasty, nasty, horrible person.  It's not surprising that this film was banned in England in 1967 because it was too scary for a young boy (who was about 5 at the time) to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie that tries too hard to be original. The script and characters are so generic, so out of place, so uninspired that it feels like a bad imitation of a good movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have seen this movie, I really liked it but it didn't do it for me at all.   This is a very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have a serious problem with this movie. I had to stop watching it after the second half because the movie was getting really repetitive. I didn't want to put the movie down but I really can't see how any one could enjoy this movie without giving it a negative rating.   A man, who is in love with a beautiful woman, is in his 30's when he meets her again at a dinner party. This time she is in her 30's.  He becomes a better man by marrying her and having a child.  I really thought the movie would be about a successful marriage and a happy life for the husband and child. But it was not. It was about an uneducated man who has a bad job and a wife who is not as bright as him.  It was a sad movie and it reminded me of all those movies that were made in the 50's and 60's about the life of an un-educated man.  There was not a single good thing about this movie:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those "I'm bored and I'm bored" movies. I was hoping to find some action, but there's just a bunch of people standing around doing nothing. They also don't really say anything in this movie, which is a shame because I was really hoping for some character development. It's a fairly standard film that I'd probably watch over and over again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movies ever made.   A group of people who don't even look like people have to survive on a small island.  I'm sorry, but that's no way to live.  A bunch of kids who don�t have names are supposed to be cute.  The movie is a lot of fun.  But it's just not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is pretty bad. There are no action scenes and the plot is not very interesting.   I have seen other bad movies but this one is the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie which has no idea of what to do with its time. It tries to do a lot of things and fails at all of them. There is nothing special about this movie, and its only redeeming feature is that it has a pretty good cast. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a bad film. It is very good. It has the potential to be a great film.  I hope they make a sequel.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie that was filmed with the intention of being a bad comedy. It was actually an awful, boring, and pointless movie. It features the same old jokes and the same tired story about a man who has a car accident. He spends a long time in the hospital, and finally he gets to drive a car.  What can I say about this movie? It's just bad.    It's bad in every possible way, from the bad acting, to the bad editing, to bad jokes, and worst of all, bad plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has the worst writing ever seen on the big screen.  It has bad acting, bad plot, and worse character development.    The acting was horrible.    All the characters were just awful.  One of them was named "The Dopey", which really makes me wonder how he found a job in the first place.  I'm glad the film didn't have any children.  It had to be at least three, but that's just not good enough.  The characters are not funny, and none of them seem to have any kind of personality.  Even the bad guy, the "The Bully", was just plain annoying.  He was annoying, yet he was just so darn annoying.     I just don't get how a director who could write a decent screenplay for a movie could come up with such a poor script for a horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am in love with the first movie of the series, but this sequel has no heart at all. I had a friend who wanted to do a remake of "The Big Lebowski" when he was 16, but he died before he could get the rights to the script. When I heard that "Lebowski 2" was coming out, I said to myself, "You'd better be ready to go through with this!" And I have to say I'm not at all surprised that it was even better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I like to see the "old school" approach to the action genre.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "What I am about to say about the movie I don't understand, but it is just so much to unpack: it is a movie that takes itself so seriously that even a dog doesn't like it. The acting is horrible, but I am not sure I want to be making fun of a movie like this. It is really sad, really sad."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete failure. I thought it would be interesting to have a black and white movie in the same style of the old black and whites. I'm sure a lot of the people who like this film will be disappointed. There is no real story here. Just a bunch of black and blue pictures.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this movie for the first time at the old movie theater in the movie palace. I was impressed by the acting, by the story, and by the production value. But I found the acting to be somewhat amateurish. At least the two leads were well-acted and they could really work in a movie. The film is about two brothers who live on a small island. They are the owners of a small shop and their father has died and they run the store with their sister. One day, a stranger comes to their house. He wants to buy a boat. His name is Billy. It is a short, but I thought it was a very short film. The story of the film is very short. It seems that the strangers are a couple. He seems to be in a hurry to get out of town and leave Billy alone. I have no idea who the guy is and I think he could be a parody of a lot of people I know. The movie was very good. It was not that bad. It could have been better. But it was fine. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't enjoy this movie a bit. The acting is pretty poor, the plot is lame, and the dialogue is very silly. The story itself is a complete joke. I don't know if this movie will do well with audiences who like a good old fashioned "bad" movie. I'm going to skip the "good" part, and hope for the best.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The best thing about this film is the amazing voice work by Christopher Lloyd, who plays the great character of Dr. Fred Bell.   He's an arrogant doctor who loves his wife, who is always late and doesn't know how to put a toe in the water.  Unfortunately, Fred's wife dies and Fred decides to travel to Africa to get the money to make up for the death of his wife.  The story is actually a retelling of a true story.  Dr. Bell has traveled to Africa before and is always being treated rudely by natives.  Fred decides that the best way to get back at these natives is to find the mythical Fountain of Youth and bring it back to his wife so she can get a little older.  It's not too long into the film that we are introduced to a group of children who all have one thing in common:  they are all in a coma.  In order to get them out of this coma they have to be awakened by a doctor.  This is the part of the film where the characters start to get bad acting.  We have the doctor, Dr.Bell, who seems to have a bit of a temper and a dislike for the natives.  He treats them like the kids he has in his clinic.  He has the children awake so he can give them a drug that will wake them up.  That's right, the children are in a drug induced coma and when they are finally woken up the first thing they do is ask for a dollar to buy a soda.  There is some tension between Fred and the doctor.  Fred wants to find a way to wake up the children in order to keep them from being brain damaged.  I do like the fact that he does have some kind of authority over the kids.  When he tries to wake the children he is rebuffed by the natives and they attack him.  After this the doctor gets himself killed trying to stop the natives from attacking the doctor and the natives are able to kill Fred.  At the end of the movie the kids wake up from their coma and they are angry at Fred for ruining their childhood.  You know what?  I think this movie is really funny.  With the good acting and the great music it's really hard to not laugh at the fact these children are all brain damaged by drugs and are now in a comatose state.  But it's also a very sad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've been looking forward to seeing this movie since I heard about it. It's a good story about a man who has to fight to keep his wife. She's a bitch to the bone, and I couldn't believe it when she got into a fight with a guy she had a crush on.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie, and I am not sure why anyone would waste their time watching it.  The story is a poor attempt at a horror story, as the camera pans around a hospital, showing the various horrors and deaths that occur to people who have gone through this facility.   The movie tries to be scary by using the sounds of children playing, and then showing some of the horrible things that happen to them.  This is the only time I have ever seen a movie like this, and that is why I have never seen it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've heard about this movie before from other reviews and have seen it a few times.  It has that cheesy, corny feel to it that you would expect out of a cheesy, late 80s film.  The characters are pretty much just as corny and the plot is pretty much a copy of a TV show.   Overall this is a pretty lame movie, nothing special. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I really wanted to like this movie, and I'm going to say that I liked it a lot. It had a lot of heart, but it also had a great deal of stupidity. I loved the ending, but that's about it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There was a time when I could enjoy a movie, but not this movie.   I've never seen a movie like this.  It was like watching a movie where they had a kid with a magic gun and he used it on the bad guys to kill them.  They didn't kill them, but they did take the kid away and they didn't care about anything except killing the bad people.  There were just so many bad things that happened in this movie that you would think it was made in the 70's or maybe it was like a bad 80's movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is an unmitigated disaster. The acting is abysmal. The direction is so horrible it makes you wonder if the script was written by a four-year-old with a penknife and a box of crayons. There are scenes where a character screams for a man to "take a good look at" him. There's a scene where the main character's sister and brother are having a fight. She is wearing a black robe and her brother is wearing what appears to be a long black cloak. There is a shot where one of the brother's arms is dangling by a single thread, which in the film is a "straw". The scene is shown in slow motion. Then, when the brothers finally get into a fight, one of them throws a stone. The stone lands on the brother who is still holding the string of the robe. He gets up and pulls out the robe and it falls to the ground with the string attached. It is a sad moment, but in all fairness, it is not a very long movie, and the ending is just a bunch of random shots of the brothers fighting.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a waste of a few minutes of my life. I was watching it at work. My coworkers were watching it and commenting on how terrible it is. It has a bad acting, the camera angles are bad, the special effects are bad. It is really not a good movie. I can't wait for it to get a DVD release.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You are supposed to be able to see the humor in all this.  But you can't see the funny side of this at all.  A great little romp about a dog with a bone.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a good movie, and that's not necessarily a bad thing. The film is set in a hospital that specializes in treating the mentally ill, and it seems like every patient gets a different doctor. They are all rather incompetent, and they don't do much to help the patients. The hospital is run by a rather uncharismatic and uninteresting man named Paul, who is actually a pretty good actor. He's good at what he does, and he seems like a nice guy, which makes it difficult to hate him. There's a couple of good gags, and I found myself laughing a bit at the end. The movie has its moments, but it is ultimately pretty boring, and very, very un-satisfying. The only reason to see it is if you're really, really bored.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character was a typical character type.  The "I'll never forget it" character was just a lame attempt to show the audience how bad the movie is. The "Wanted" character is just a typical psychopath that tries to take over the world by force. The ending was a horrible mess and made no sense.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There's just not a whole lot of plot to this one.   It's basically just a bunch of men and women going around trying to kill a guy who's a vampire and who turns people into vampires.   The vampires are bad-looking, and the action is bad.  There are some really bad special effects, including some of the more hideous vampires you'll ever see.  They're made to look like the kind of monsters you'd find in the Twilight Zone.  This is the kind where the vampires just walk around in the rain, looking like a bunch o' zombies.  The only other thing I can say is that this movie is really, really bad. It's so bad, I could watch it over and over again, but I don't think it would do much to improve my enjoyment of the genre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I liked the first one a lot but this one was even worse.  I'm not even going to get started on the plot.  The whole thing was supposed to be a documentary but there was nothing to film.  It's so ridiculous that I can't believe that someone could make something like this and have people enjoy it.  They did a great job with the music and I can see how it was supposed it be a cool documentary.  Unfortunately the movie is too long and boring.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been trying to find a good vampire movie for a long time. This movie was released just a few years ago, so there's a lot of film history in this movie, which made the story more interesting. I'm not a fan of the movie, but the story is pretty good. There were some pretty scary moments, but overall the movie was pretty entertaining.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What do you get when you cross a big budget science fiction film with an Indiana Jones rip-off, a campy horror film, and a wacky comedy? A good old fashioned comedy.   It's a comedy with a lot of humor, and it's all in the acting.  This is the same guy who played James Bond, so he's pretty much been around for a long time.  And his performance is quite good.  In addition to all the fun he's having, his voice is very funny too.  You can hear the same jokes from all the different eras of the series, and there's even a couple of references to the TV show.  I'm not sure how long this will be around, but I'll be watching it all the time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a great movie from this author, and I was disappointed.  The plot is very predictable and boring, and is based on a very lame premise.    Why I'm not watching:   I'm a sucker for good, old-fashioned pulp fiction, and the stories I grew up with were all based on the exploits of a group of people who are doing some serious evil stuff in the backwoods of the country.  The only thing I liked about these stories was the villains.  I have not been able to find a good version of this story anywhere else on the web.  I am not sure what else to say about this story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The best thing to happen to the world since the end of time, but a really horrible movie, the worst thing in the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think the whole thing is kind of a big joke. I can't help but laugh at this.   The acting is pretty bad.  They should have gone with the real actors.  I guess they thought the movie would get a bit of a laugh out of it.  It didn't.  This movie is just bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie starts out with a pretty good bit about a girl who has the idea of making a big statue out of her dad's bicycle. That is, until she finds out that it is just a big piece of junk.   She is left to fend for herself in a small town in Ohio with a bad reputation and the only help she gets is from a couple of bullies.  And, the movie never really gets going beyond the first hour.  The plot is so stupid that it's hilarious, but the acting is also pretty bad.  I think this movie is a great example of why the movie industry is dying:  1. There is nothing else worth watching.  2. It has no plot.  3. There's no plot at all.  4. It's just a bunch of kids running around with a bunch a dumb jokes.  5. The acting is so bad that it doesn't help that the movie is made in the 1970's.  6. The whole movie is so over the top that it makes the actors look like idiots.  7. The script is bad. 8. The movie is too over thetop to be a real movie.  9. The actors who are in it are all idiots. 10. It is ridiculous.  Posted by John B at 8:13 AM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a funny and very entertaining movie but, sadly, it wasn't. There was some funny lines, but the movie didn't get much funny lines. It's just bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this movie once with my friends and I was not a fan of the movie. It was a lot of fun though.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I just watched this movie and I'm disappointed.   It's bad,   and it's ugly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You can only have one bad movie a year. This is another movie that is filled with bad acting, bad acting that has to be rated as a "D" for the film is over-long, bad dialogue, and a terrible plot. I never would have believed that someone could make a movie like this, but it was so bad it could only be a joke. I found this to be the worst movie I have ever seen in my life, and I have seen a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I really didn't see this coming and, as a fan of the series, I didn't expect it to be so bad. I was hoping it would be at least slightly entertaining, but it just felt boring and not worth my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is one of those films that was so bad it could have been made in any old studio and with any old director.   It's just one of the worst horror films I've seen.  It is like a bad Saturday morning cartoon.  The actors are all pretty bad.  I've watched a couple of these and they are usually not that bad. But this is a real treat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was supposed to be an action movie about a military man who gets captured and taken to a secret base where a bunch of Nazi soldiers get him to go on a killing spree and he's supposed to blow the base up with a nuke. But this movie was so bad that they gave him the worst weapon of all: a baseball bat!  The worst part is that the movie was only 90 minutes long so that's why the action scenes are so fast and furious! I don't even remember if there was any blood or gore in the movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm glad that I gave this movie a chance, and I enjoyed it more than I expected. I found the pacing to be a little off. There were a few plot holes and it seemed like the film was just thrown together. I guess this is why so many "movies" are so bad. I'm not saying that this movie is bad, I'm just saying that it's not great. It's a good idea, a good script, and a good director, but the execution wasn't there.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    -   This is a bad flick. I was disappointed with it, even for its "bad" nature. The ending is just ridiculous, but even with that out of the way, this is still a bad film, not even good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not good. The pacing is horrendous, the characters are annoying, and the plot is lame. If you like action movies with lots of gun fights, this is the movie for you. If not, you can just skip this one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The acting in this movie is awful. Every single person is in the same crappy movie-star roles. There's one young girl, and she's like "I'm so cool! I'm a girl from the future!" I'm sure they spent a ton of money to find a woman who looks like that, and when they finally find her, she looks like the last girl who walked into a room with "Pulp Fiction" on the wall. She's so stupid she's even worse than the other people she plays with. She can't get her own head around the fact that she's supposed to be a girl and she thinks she's a boy. I guess you could say she's the dumbest character in this whole film. She could at least be the bad guy. I'm sorry but I was really looking forward to watching this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a really bad movie that I never wanted to watch. It was all about a guy who was kidnapped and taken to the house of the evil doctor who made him eat ants, but he kept getting a cold. Then one day, he was taken to an amusement park. He had a cold and was tired, so he got up and wandered around. It wasn't very good. It didn't have the suspense that was necessary. I think that this is why the movie was a failure. It just wasn't scary enough. It had the right amount of humor, but I didn't find it very funny.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not a bad film, it's just a bad sequel.  The story follows the same format as the first, only in a different time period, and it's a good idea for a sequel.   It starts with an alien race who live in space, and the first half of the film is about them learning to live and thrive in space.    The second half of this movie follows a man who falls in love with a woman who happens to be an alien.    The two of them live on a planet that is orbiting a star, and they get along well together.  There are some interesting aspects to the film, like how the aliens actually use the sun as a source of energy, which is very different from their current situation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen. The acting was horrendous and the plot was just ridiculous. The plot was a man (I don't remember the name) who is in love with a girl he meets at a carnival. The girl is a big fat ugly whore who gets hit by a truck and is sent to a mental hospital. The guy gets a job at a diner and starts doing well. Then one day he runs into a woman and she is much, much more beautiful than he is. The woman takes the guy back to her place where they have sex and then have sex again. The man then gets a big promotion and is married and has a child. It gets better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last thing you want to do is be a part of a cult film with a bad name.   It seems that the cast and crew all thought it was a good idea to have the movie titled "Fool's Gold" with a ridiculous "golden arches" logo.  This movie is so bad that it can only be described as a joke of bad taste.  If you are looking for an entertaining comedy this is a good choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the end it's just another boring bad movie.  It's not even bad.  It's just not a good movie at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What is the worst part of the movie? It is the dialogue and acting.   The dialogue is just so uninspired and so cheesy it is painful.  This movie would have been better if it was a movie about a group of friends going out to a concert or something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I liked this movie very much.   It is a film that you can enjoy at a very relaxed pace.  It has a great soundtrack and a fantastic plot that you will enjoy seeing unfold.  The action is pretty good too and I do like the look of the film.  I did feel that the ending could have been a little better though, as the end is a bit anticlimactic and there is a rather predictable conclusion.  This is a very good film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie about a "bachelor" who is forced to marry a woman, a divorced woman who was a very bad cook, a very rude woman, and a woman who is an absolute nightmare to live with. I don't know how this movie made it out of the box, but I hope the person who owns the rights decides to get a real director and a real writer (instead of someone who is trying to make it look like he is trying) and to make this into a movie worth watching.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so bad and so ugly that it is impossible to say anything about it. I just can't believe this shit came from a film studio that has produced so much more interesting films. The only good thing about this film is that it contains a very good performance by James Garner. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has one of the most stupidly stupid endings in movies.  We find the kids playing at a beach.  A man (who is a cop) approaches them.  The kids look to be about 13 or 14.   "Hello, Officer!  How can I help you today?"  He asks for their name and then says, "You're not going to believe what I just saw!"  It's a woman in a bathing suit.  "She is?"  "I don't know, but I saw her and she was naked!"   "You are going to be arrested for indecent exposure.  And your mom's going to kill you!"  He says the kids are going back to their house.  He gives them a ticket.  The girl is crying and crying.  She asks what happened.  I can't even remember the ending.  It was a very dumb ending.  The cop is not even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I never thought I'd say this about a James Bond film: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's about the first time I saw it, back in 1997, at a theater near where I lived in Los Angeles.   I wasn't into it that much, it seemed too long and uninspired, with an irritatingly over-the-top ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's not a bad film, but it's not very good either.   I would have liked it more if the actors were a little more believable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am going to admit up front that I haven't seen this movie yet. It is a decent film, but the script and acting is all over the place. I'm not sure if the actor played the character right or not. The scenes were all too long and it felt like a scene that was thrown together and thrown out. It's not a bad film, I can't say that I'm going to go see it anytime soon, but I did enjoy the film, it had a good script and good acting. I recommend it to anyone who wants a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is so boring that I have to wonder how a movie with a plot this bad has even made it into theaters. I mean, it starts with a kid who has a magical lamp that makes him look like a kid, and he finds a treasure chest that is filled with magical stuff. Now, we're not told how it works, but apparently the treasure is really a magical "wand" that can shoot light beams and things like that. And of course, the boy is just happy to have a wand, and then he finds out that there's a bunch of other magical stuff in the chest, so he finds that stuff too, and now he's got this big magical wand, which he uses to make himself look like an eight-year-old and go around playing with other little kids and getting all the little kids to do his stuff. So, basically he's like a little kid, but also a magical wizard. Then he finds an old lady in the forest who can make anything she touches, and she has a magic mirror, and the old lady says to the boy: "Look at the mirror, boy. You'll never be as tall as you are now. I've got you, now, and you're the happiest child I ever saw. And I'll be watching over you from the shadows, and when you grow up you'll be the king of the forest." So he goes out into the woods and starts playing with the kids, and they all get into trouble and he helps them out. He's always the hero, you know. He saves them, and all of the other kids. And then he goes into the mirror and the next thing he knows, he's getting really tall, and his mother comes into the room and says: "Oh, honey, I was just thinking how I wish I could be the one to make your little arms grow tall." She's a witch, you see. And she turns him into a little witch. But of course he's not happy about it. He doesn't want to be a witch. He wants to be an eight year old again, and be the hero. So he's a little girl again, but now he can shoot magic light beams, and do magic tricks, and stuff like that, and that's how the story goes. But then it gets worse. A bunch of bad guys come to the castle, and a bunch more of them show up, and there's one that is so
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you haven't seen this movie, don't go!  It's just bad.  This movie is one of those "canned" movies that were made in the 70's to get money.    This movie is just awful.  This is a movie where a man and a woman are in a love triangle.  It's about the man and the woman falling in love with each other, but they keep getting into fights.  If you like "Love at First Bite" or "Loving Vincent", you'll like this movie.  I don't even know why this is in the list of movies to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are two great things about this movie: it is a remake of the classic film The Godfather Part II. And it has a terrific performance from an actor who I like a lot.  He is called "Lavish" and he is the head of the mob.  He is a good guy and an even better actor.  His role in the film is very good and he does a great job.    The Godfather  was released in 1985 and I think that it was a pretty good movie at the time.  It had a strong theme of organized crime and it had a lot of great action scenes.  The story is pretty simple.  A group of young thugs go to a party at a mob boss and they kill a lot and steal a lot but they don't seem to get the money and are almost killed.  I think it is important to remember that this movie is a movie about organized crime.  This was a movie that I saw over and over again and I still love it.  If you love movies like this and are looking for a good movie to watch with your family then I think this is a great movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A "solo" movie from the late 1930's. I found it a bit too boring and repetitive.  I was also a bit disappointed by the fact that it ended with a "happy ending".  If it had a happy ending, it would have had one by the time the credits started rolling.  My rating:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie before.  It's a remake of a bad cult horror movie (and I think it's a bad remake) from the 80's.  The original was a movie about a young woman who gets cursed by an evil spirit that turns her into a vampire.  In this film, the movie takes place in an unspecified country.  I was expecting a much more gothic-looking movie, and it is.    It's not a good movie, but the actress is pretty good.  It is the same movie with a few different actors and it was shot on video, so there are a few weird scenes, but overall it's just another vampire movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was excited about this movie. It seemed to be a very well written and produced film. Unfortunately, it did not live up to my expectations. I liked the concept and the story about the two kids who find a dead body that looks like a dog and are called by the police to a dead end. They get to the house and the girl is scared of the dog and they run back to the police station and she gets scared and then they realize that the dog is not dead.   My Rating: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I found this to be an underwhelming movie that really only tries to capture the spirit of the late-night television show that it was based on.   The first act of the movie is so bad, I was convinced this was some kind of a cheap movie from the 1970s.  The actors do their best to convey the "snowy" spirit of their characters, but their voices are so bad and the acting so poor that it really does not help the cause.  The only redeeming quality in this movie is the music, which is played by the late, great Steve Martin. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is terrible and a complete waste of your time.  It was filmed with a really cheesy '70's sound and looks.    It has a great script, a great cast and a great plot but in the end, the movie just fails at everything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film follows a young boy named Jack (Matthew Lillard) as he travels through a post-apocalyptic wasteland. He's been sent by his father (Jack Nicholson) to investigate the ruins of an abandoned settlement in the woods. As Jack wanders around the ruined ruins, he is attacked by a pack of wolves, but manages to escape. It's then that he discovers that he's part of a larger group of survivors, and that they're all stuck in the same kind of wasteland. A little while later, he finds himself in the company of a young girl named Sarah (Jennifer Jason Leigh) who is also part of the group. While Jack and Sarah get along fine, the other kids have trouble getting along at all. A group of them are hiding from a mysterious monster. But while Jack and his group are looking for the monster, they discover that the monster has something to do with the others' survival. In the end, Jack discovers that there is a cure for the plague and that the other survivors have to share it. Unfortunately, the virus that has been unleashed has killed off the last remaining human beings. Jack is the last man standing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. It's so bad, that you have to watch it to find out why. It has the usual bad-ass action-movie hero in a movie like this: he's a cop, and he's good at his job. He also has some very strange and weird sexual fetishes. One thing I really like about the movie is that it really shows what it's like to live in a world where people have no sexual or moral sense. I love that a bunch of women are having orgies in the woods, and all the men are just watching it happen and having a good time. There is no point at all in this movie. I think it was made by people who don't like sex, or people who like to show how crazy the world is.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very bad movie. I have seen worse, but this was just pathetic.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "The thing I can't believe is that people still like these things."   A movie about a guy who goes to a high school to get a girlfriend, he's in the student council, and he's going to be the school's president, but the girl is a stripper, and the president's the cheerleader, and then the guy finds out the stripper has a boyfriend, and that boyfriend, who's a total wuss, is trying to get the girl to sleep with him, and it gets a little hairy, and pretty much the whole movie is the guy trying to seduce the girl, who is very happy to sleep around, and not doing it, but I guess it would be a better movie if she didn't do it, because the movie is about how the guy wants to seduction the girl in some way, and at some point, it just gets to be too much, and they're both very angry, and I didn't care for that part of the movie, but they were good. I'm not a big fan of this movie, it was just a little bit over the top, but it's pretty good, and you can see why this movie got made.   I didn't like it much, but there's a reason why it got made, and a lot of the reason is because of the sex. I don't mind sex. But it's just not really my thing, but then again, I've never seen a movie where the sex was really good. The sex in this movie was really kind of meh. The girl was pretty cute, but not too hot, I don.t really think that sex is good, or even really good in general, but when it's good it's really good, but here it was kind of okay, and in the end, it's kind of over the head, but in the beginning it was pretty good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was disappointed in this movie as it is too slow and too short.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are several reasons why this is a bad film.   First, the production values are so poor that I had a hard time believing this was a documentary.  Second, the actors seem to have little to do and are almost always sitting around doing nothing.  Third, the acting is bad.  Fourth, it takes a lot of time to get anywhere.  Fifth, the music is terrible.  Sixth, there are several moments where you want to give up on the movie but you can't.  Finally, the script is very long and boring.  This is a film that makes you want nothing more than to give it a miss. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie that will have you rolling in the aisles laughing your ass off!   It has a very unique story line.   The lead actor, Joe Pantoliano is an incredible actor and actor is an underrated profession.  It takes a lot to get to the top of a movie like this, but Joe manages to do just that!  The story starts out with a woman going to see her doctor.  A strange disease that kills the woman has also killed her husband.  The doctor tells the woman to get a divorce.  As soon as she's done he tells her to go to his office to have the disease removed.  This doctor is a little weird but a very skilled one.  She soon learns he is a "Dr. Frankenstein" who has developed a "Frankenstein's Monster" that will kill him.  Luckily the woman finds a way to reverse the process.  When she's finished with the doctor she tells him to have another one. The woman is then taken back to the house where the husband is still alive.  We learn later on the husband was not the only one affected by the disease.  There were other people who died from it as well.  And even though the husband isn't dead the doctors tells him he has to wait and see.  That's pretty much all there is to the movie.  If you are looking for a good movie with a great story then this is a good place to start. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie in the whole franchise.  There are so many plot holes and holes in the logic of the story that it's difficult to get a coherent point across.    This movie should have been filmed in a studio. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a remake of The Wild Bunch, which is a classic western.  It was supposed to be  a remake, but the remake turned out to be worse than the original.    The first half of the movie is good, with some great performances and action.  It's only when the second half of this movie gets going that it's extremely boring.  There's a guy running around with a gun in one hand and a big, stupid grin on his face.  In my opinion, this movie is about a guy who thinks that he is so cool that he needs to be feared.  This movie is also about the bad guy who is the most incompetent person I've ever seen on the screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a horror movie that doesn't really have any scares. It is a little too slow paced and not scary at all. The acting is all over the place. I don't know what they did to that actor's head.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is a reason why these movies never get made.   This is not an original idea.  This movie has nothing to do with either the original story, or the movie that spawned it.  The only thing that makes this movie so bad is the title.  If you have to call something something, then this is the worst.  There's no plot to speak of.  I don't think there is even a good actor in this movie.  It's just a bunch of bad jokes.  They just can't find any good jokes to say, so they just resort to bad jokes like they have never done anything else.  These bad jokes just don't come together well.  At first I thought it was going to be a comedy, but then it turned into a bad joke.  A bad joke that is so bad that I feel sorry for the poor people that have to put up with this crap.  For all the problems it has, it does have a nice theme song.  Maybe it is good that the song is catchy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was very disappointed with this movie. I didn't even like the movie, but I think the director put in so much effort into the screenplay, I just can't figure out why he couldn't come up with something good to write about.   It was very hard to figure out where to begin, and I don't think the movie has much to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think I'll pass on this one, it has a lot of plot holes that keep popping up. I really like the character of The Bride. She's smart, kind, and not overly dramatic, which is a nice change from the usual 'drama' in this film. The acting is ok, but I'm not sure I like any of them. I don't know what I was expecting, maybe some real life actors to bring some life to the roles. I think a lot could have been accomplished if they had, and I'll be disappointed if I see more of this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know if I'd ever see a good bad movie. I've seen a couple bad movies before but nothing ever matched that one. It was very confusing and hard to follow. It didn't even make any sense. It made me very angry and sad. It had a lot of weird, horrible, disgusting, and funny scenes that made me angry and disgusted. I can't imagine the movie being any good. I feel like I have seen it at least 10 times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is predictable.  The plot has an underdeveloped lead character.  And while the characters may be shallow, the humor is weak.   I'm not a big fan of the horror genre but this movie is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just a bad film and I think it's a really bad idea to have a woman take a baby home with her.  You know, it's just so...wrong.  A great movie that never got a release:    This movie is a classic.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a bad film.   I don't like bad films.  The first act is a mess.  There is no way I can like the guy in this movie.  First off, he comes off like a loser.  He is obviously a loser in life.  If you are going to play a character who is a loser, why not try to make it a good character.  Secondly, the story is terrible.  This is a movie that tries to be clever by having the guy go on a journey.  It is not clever at all.  I do not care if this movie is made by a bunch of losers.  Why?  Because it is just not a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "And I thought the title was bad"   This movie is a bad attempt at a horror movie. I'm not sure what happened to this movie from being a good film to a bad one. I have seen worse horror films but this is not one of them.   I thought this was going to be a great movie and was going in with high hopes. I was pleasantly surprised. This was not a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As stated earlier, this is an extremely poorly made movie. It is a combination of horror, sci-fi and science fiction. It's also a love story. If you've never seen a movie that has been filmed from the perspective of a woman who is a witch, you're missing out. This is a movie with a lot of potential, but is sadly marred by its poor production values.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie starts off with a great montage of an old-timey movie about a young girl who is the sole survivor of a shipwreck. When her family is attacked by pirates (of the sea), the only person who can save her is a sailor named Jake who saves her from being beheaded by the pirates. Jake's first mission is to save the kidnapped daughter of the captain of the ship from pirates. The movie does not follow this arc very well, so it's more of a running gag. It is just the most generic action movie that exists, with a few interesting set pieces here and there. It would have been better if they just cut out most of the stupid action scenes and stuck to the original plot. I think it's a shame that Disney is trying to compete with Hollywood by copying their formula. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure who to blame for this. Maybe it was the director who has a lot of films to make. But what a disappointment.   I don't know what else to say about this film. It has nothing to do with anything in real life. There are some interesting scenes in there, but it is so devoid of life and life itself that it is hard to care about anything in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have seen this movie at least 10 times, but I still don't understand why everyone keeps talking about how it is the worst movie ever made.   It's not.  It is only a bad picture. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wish the director had made a more realistic, less melodramatic movie that wasn't so full of over-the-top action.  There were a few really funny moments, but the majority of the film was just a lot of violence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason this movie is even made is because there is some really cool action set pieces, but I didn't really care for them.  I don't think I have ever seen anything quite like this movie.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible movie. It makes me sad to see that we have to keep telling children how bad the movies are. It is so bad that it makes me sick. The acting is so awful, the story is not even good. It has no plot, it has no meaning, and it has absolutely nothing to say.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a good movie, it has good acting, it's not bad, and it is fun, but it's just plain bad.  The acting in this movie is just awful.  It's just too bad, they really should have done a lot better.  I just wish they had done something better with the cast.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought the movie would be better if the director had not been involved with the movie, but he is too much involved in the production, which in turn leads to a horrible story.   If the movie had been made by a different director, or if the actors had been better, the movie could have been great, but it is very bad, bad acting, bad story, bad director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the worst films I have ever seen.   The plot is nothing more than a bad one-joke that has been done to death.  If I ever have to see a movie again that has that title I will be sure to get a different movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's hard to come to terms with how badly this movie is. I mean, if you're going to make a movie about a man who has a horse and a wife (which is the movie's main premise) and how he deals with the problems that come with having a horse, well, what do you expect? I mean it's a horse movie, right? It has a lot of horse-related problems, but the one that really stuck with me was the horse's lack of ambition. I thought that it would be the one to finally put the poor horse out to pasture, because I think I've seen all of the horses in movies that are more than willing to jump the fence, but no. I guess it was just the horse being stubborn, because it wasn't willing to go where it was told to go, but then it's not really a good horse anyway.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful.  The film's story is boring.    It is about a man named Peter (Jack Nicholson) who has a bad night and dreams that he is in an asylum.  He is locked up and it is obvious that he has been in a mental institution his whole life.  When he wakes up he is not in the asylum and he is back in his old apartment.  His wife is in a coma from which she never recovers.  It seems that she has been suffering from a bad case of dementia and she is in constant pain.  Peter does not understand what is going on and he tries to help his wife.  One night he goes to her room and she starts to talk to him.  She tells him that she does not want to die but Peter is determined to get her to a hospital.  But Peter is about to have a very bad accident and it seems that he will die.  At the end of the movie there is a strange scene where she is about 2 inches taller than Peter and they are holding hands.  The ending is strange too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The best part about this movie is that it has a decent ending.  But it is a very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is the same as in a bad 80's horror movie. It is the usual creepy story of a kid in a weird house. The girl who played the girl in the 80's movie is back and plays a different character. It was just a good bad movie that is nothing new.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what the hell happened to this film. It has no redeeming features and I think that it was probably shot by someone who has never done a movie in their life.  There's a big empty space at the end of the movie, and I don't think that there was any story in it at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to give it one star, but I'm not going to. This movie is terrible. It is bad at everything. The acting is bad. The cinematography is bad and the direction is terrible and it just drags on. The plot is bad, the characters are bad, and it's all just plain bad. I can't believe this is even a remake. The original movie was made in 1964 and it is so good that I wonder why anyone would bother with this remake. I guess it's good to give a good sequel.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts off as a little slow. We do not even get to see a single face in this movie. The entire movie is just a collection of shots of people talking. I thought it was supposed to be an action movie and instead they show the people running from people.   It is so bad that it is funny. The movie has no story line, just lots of shots. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have not seen a movie quite like this.  It is a story about an "Elderly Woman" who is living alone in a small house in a remote village, one of her only friends is a very old man who has lost all his teeth, he is in fact a witch and is the guardian of the village.   He has a very strange way of living and does not take much care of the other villagers but rather seems to take pleasure in making mischief.  There is a good deal of fun in this movie.  As far as I am concerned I found it quite funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like that annoying film of the 1970s where everyone had a little moustache and the lead actress would cry and get up and walk around with a limp.  They're both from the same studio, and that's pretty much it.    One of those films that you could only watch once and never get sick of watching it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a bad film!   I have seen it and laughed out loud.   The first 10 minutes are pretty funny and it really has that "The Godfather" feel to it.  But then, it all turns on a dime!      Well, I really like it when a movie comes out and takes itself so seriously.  So, it is not a film I would watch if I had a choice.  It is just so stupid, stupid, silly, stupid and stupid! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am still amazed by the level of talent in this movie. It's just a shame that it has a bad ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just a bad comedy.  They all look like they were lifted from the same set of shelves and the film is a complete disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One thing is for sure: The film doesn't deserve a 9.5. It doesn't even deserve a 7.   It's a boring, boring film, and you won't be able to remember the name of any of the characters by the time it's over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a very bad movie. The story is bad, the acting is bad. The movie is made in a way to show the different life styles of the different towns. I like the characters, but this movie will be a failure.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a bad flick.    It had everything a bad film needs: poor acting, bad dialogue, and bad plot.  The only thing this flick had going for it was that it had a great soundtrack.  This was a terrible film, but a really funny one at that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film about a poor man who has made a bad decision. The bad decision is to kill a woman. The only good thing about this film is the ending. I like that the woman gets killed and that the man walks away from the scene of the crime, not feeling guilty about what he has done. I don't like how he goes home to find that a lot of people are out to get him and his wife. I also don't think that he's the best guy to be out in the world with a gun. The ending is lame.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, I guess this is a bad, bad movie.   I didn't really like this movie.    It is a poorly written, bad-looking, and poorly acted movie.      It was like watching the movie in which a man had sex with his dead girlfriend.   I was expecting a more interesting movie than this, which was about a man named Mike who went to his ex-girlfriend's house to ask her to the prom.  But no, this movie was just bad.  It didn't even have any good moments, but the bad parts of it were just too bad to be good.  The movie started with a scene of a guy who was being shot.  He was standing there, dead and covered in blood.  Then a guy came in and pulled out a gun.  They both pointed the gun at each other.  Mike thought it was his last chance to get back together with his ex.  However, he thought better of it.  When they were about to shoot each other, Mike's ex-gf came in.  She was wearing a nice dress and said she wanted to go out to a club with Mike.  There is a song in this movie that I don't understand at all.  I don`t know what it was about.  Anyway, they got into the club and the guy that shot Mike was there too.  After they all went out to the club, they found out that there was no club.  So Mike and his ex went back to his house and started to clean up the mess.  During this time, Mike started to notice something wrong with his sister.  Apparently, she has some sort of phobia about something that she was trying to do.  As soon as they were done cleaning up the place, Mike went to the kitchen and found his sister having sex with a guy.  And this is where I hate this movie even more than the original.  This scene had nothing to do with the story.  If the movie wanted to be interesting, it should have done something about Mike's sister's phobia.  Why does she have such a fear?  The guy had a big penis.  Did she think it would hurt him?  Or was it just a sexual thing?  After Mike's dad got home, he started getting more and more angry.  Now, this is why I hate movies.  You know what happens when a guy
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like this movie. I like the premise, I like how it starts, I don't like how the film ends.  There's nothing interesting about the end of this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie sucks and the special effects are a joke, the plot is lame, and the characters are stupid and stupid.  The only thing I like about this movie is the ending and the ending is very bad, but I guess that is what you get when you make a movie in the style of "Wizard of Oz"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible movie. The only good thing about it is that it was released on DVD. The film itself is bad. If you can't handle the grossness, then you should not watch this movie. It is very bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've never seen a movie so poorly acted. It is a horrible film, made in America.   This is the worst movie I've seen.  I have never seen such terrible acting and bad acting in a film. I was just waiting for the death scene to be over and when it wasn't it was all over.  This movie was horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out with a scene of a naked woman being tied to a post and being gang raped by three men.  She's then thrown into a pit of fire where she burns alive.    This is what it sounds like:   An older woman, who is raped by a man, gets tied to the post and then her boyfriend throws her into a fire pit and burns her alive.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film by John Hughes which was so bad it was not funny at all.  The movie had a poor script and bad acting, with some characters you couldn't help but laugh at and some you could not help but hate.    The movie has a plot that's too stupid to be believable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought I had seen everything when I saw this movie.  It is one of those movie that is all action and not much character.  I have seen so many bad movies and this is one that will make you cringe. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was supposed to be a "superhero movie" but it really felt like it was a cop movie with a bad twist at the end.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As a "bad" movie, it is very bad, but for a movie that's supposed to be bad it's good, and a very entertaining movie at that.   A young man is forced to work for the evil lord Lord Voldemort, who wants to get a young witch (named Katie Bell) for himself.  He doesn't seem to have a clue who she is, and he has a lot of trouble with her (which is actually quite funny).   This movie is fun to watch, and at times I found myself laughing, and I think it's pretty good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is all about how the film has the same ending all over again.  The whole plot is just a big waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'll begin with what I did like: the action sequences were entertaining and well-shot.  The movie was made by a group of young filmmakers who, while not having any great technical abilities, clearly knew what they were doing: the movie had an old-fashioned feel and, though it is obviously an animation film, it looked like one.    The animation was, however, very poor.  It is hard to see anything happening in the first few minutes.  What is worse, there are a lot of long, empty cuts between the action scenes, which are so bad that they can be quite distracting.  A couple of scenes were just too long: I don't know what the producers were thinking when they decided to make a movie about a dragon, but it is impossible to make the scenes longer than a minute. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you haven't seen the movie "A Clockwork Orange" yet, go out and see it.   It's a great film.  "A Clockwork Owl" is a story of a man who tries to find the key to unlock the mysteries of the world around him.  A man who can hear the heartbeat of a clock.  It starts off with a little girl (Catherine Deneuve) walking along the beach at sunset.  She looks around and sees a little boat.  "Oh, that's a ship. It's called a clock, isn't it?  And a sailor on it!  And the water is blue!  I wonder where they are taking me.  I've been to the edge of the universe, and this is the edge!  How can the world be anything but infinite?  I want to know!  "And I want you to tell me. I want all of you to talk.  Do you see the world in infinite detail? Do you ever look back to where you started?  The infinite universe?  "How can there be anything finite about it? The universe is a clock that's ticking!  There is a blue ocean.  And there is a little island.  You know how they tell the story of the clock?  There's the man, the boat, the blue sea, the little island...  You are looking out on the infinity of the infinite universe.  The clock is ticking...and it's always ticking!"   I just watched a movie, that has nothing to do with me.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was really hoping for a good zombie movie, and I was right. The film doesn't have any real sense of humor, it's just a bunch of people walking down a road, doing a zombie walk. I wasn't very impressed with the acting, except for the zombie walkers. They're a bit creepy looking, and not in a good way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole thing is just a bad idea.  I don't know why they thought they needed to make it a bad film.    It's just a bunch of kids hanging out on the roof of a house.  The kids are trying to steal something from the house when they are discovered by the father.  The father has some sort of "evil plan" and the kids are sent to jail.    The movie's plot is pretty silly.  It involves the father stealing a girl's bike and running away.  I don't think this movie was meant to be funny.  A lot of the jokes aren't funny.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is terrible. It's very bad and it is the only reason I gave this movie 3 stars. I really had high hopes for this movie and I was all ready to love this movie. I wanted to like this movie so bad, I was ready to buy a copy of the movie and watch it over and over again. But it never happened. This movie really sucked. I mean really really bad. I'm not even going to tell you how bad it was. It was terrible. The story is terrible and you can tell that the director didn't have a clue how to make a movie work. It felt like a low budget horror movie with bad acting and awful special effects. I don't even want to see this movie again. This film was awful and I can't imagine anyone watching it. The plot was unbelievable, the acting was terrible and the special effects were just awful. I hope they were all used on the sets where they shot the movie in.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie takes place in the early 1950's and follows the story of a man (the hero) who has a terrible secret: He has a twin sister, a child with whom he has a child-like relationship and who is now grown.  When the father of the child and his family are killed, the family moves into the house that was once owned by a man who was killed in a car accident.  The film was pretty bad, but I still enjoyed it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is not an animated movie! It is a live-action movie. This movie is a poor imitation of animation. It is an unfortunate fact that this movie was produced for the sole purpose of making money. It was directed by John D. MacDonald and written by Donald P. Macdonald. This is the only movie about the life of Joseph McCarthy ever produced. The only thing that I can admire about this movie is that at least it tried to do something different. The music is quite bad. The story is poorly conceived and the script is quite poor. I guess this movie would be better if it were made in a different era.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was in love with the movie.   The plot was very good.  I think I liked the character's because they were all real.  They all had their own personalities.  The best part of the movie was when they were in the bathtub.  It was just so much fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is an insult to the intelligence of its audience.   The first hour or so is so bad, it almost makes me feel bad for watching it.  This is an awful movie.  It is an "action" movie where the characters run around, fight, do nothing and just run.  The plot is so ridiculous, I can't believe they could get away with it. I can remember a similar movie called "Wormwood" that was released a while back.  What I do like about this movie is that there are some good "action movies" out there and "Death Wish" does have a few good fights in it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In general, this is a bad film.  I could not bring myself to enjoy this movie.  What I said about the film:  The story:    I don't like this story.   The characters are poorly written and the plot is nonsensical.  If the director was smart he would have made this a comedy.  The dialogue is cliched and the film is filled with cheesy jokes.  I had to sit through this film because it is so boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a good time, this movie is not for you.  There are no laughs, no laughs in this movie.  The film is just too long and too dull.  It's a good idea, but not a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If there's one bad movie I would say this is it.   I found the film to be uninteresting, slow and dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I would rather watch a good movie that made me laugh than this awful movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Not a bad film by a bad director.   This is a story about an "outsider" coming into the small town of a small town in the middle of nowhere.  It's an adventure movie, and it's not a bad one.  There is a reason for that.  I loved the way it was shot.  The film was made in black and white, and there is no CGI in the movie.  If you don't know what to look for, then you might think you are watching a bad TV movie.     But the story is not bad.     The story is about a man named Walter O'Reilly who is trying to make a living as a lumberjack, and he doesn't really have the best luck.  He is a small time crook who is on the run from the police.  So what does he do?  He gets into a big old truck, and rides it all the way to Alaska.  At the end of the movie, we find out that Walter is living in Alaska.   He has been there for years, and has built up a great big cabin in the woods.  While he is living there, he is being pursued by the police, who want him for some crime he committed back in the States.  Walter has no intention of being caught.  For that matter, he has no idea where he is.  But one day, he comes across a man who can help him.  This man is named Sam.  Sam is a "hippy", a person who believes in the spiritual and has a special connection with nature.  Now Sam has a daughter who is a child prodigy.  She's very smart, and very talented.  And while Sam is there to help Walter, he also has his own problems.  First, he sees a vision of a wolf and a bear coming after him. And Sam has to figure out a way to keep them from attacking him.   I really liked this movie. I really enjoyed watching it.  My favorite part of the story was when Sam showed Walter his cabin.  After Sam showed it to Walter, it was a beautiful thing.  Just beautiful.  You see a man living a life of peace and love.  As the film ended, I couldn't help but get a little teary eyed.  Even though the movie is just about a guy on the road, it made me feel that
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I thought this movie was the greatest thing I've ever seen! This is a movie that will have you laughing out loud! The story is very original and has great jokes! This movie is great and has a great message! I think this movie is an awesome movie and is well worth watching!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "Dude, you got your butt kicked! You are so pathetic!"  "You have a lot of balls, man!"   The script is so bad, you will not believe it. I mean the acting is so awful, you can not believe anyone would do this movie. I guess this was the inspiration for the movie "Million Dollar Baby."   - - - -
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a horrible movie, with a bad acting, bad acting and bad directing, that doesn't really try to be funny. It's just a boring, tedious and bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In this movie, the main character goes to a town where people get murdered by the local vampire. This is a pretty typical vampire movie. There is a couple of good action sequences, but they are all very slow and boring. The characters are boring, the story is terrible and the only thing it reminds me of is a bad episode of "LOST"  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like it.  It's the first film I've seen in a long time that didn't make me want to throw up.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a little over-the-top and not very good, but it does have a few good jokes, and a few bad ones.   The acting is pretty bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So I was hoping this movie would be bad.   The first time I saw this movie was when I was about 7 or 8 years old.  I had just started my first year at high school, and my dad bought a VHS copy of this movie on VHS.  The movie is called "The Man Who Fell to Earth"  The plot is that we are all alone on earth, except for one person who is trying to make a journey to the moon.  This movie has some weird dialog and I was too young to understand it.  And the movie is full of weird sounds and weird characters.  Also the ending is kind of weird and the ending of the movie isn't good.  A few of the characters are very weird and I didn't like them at all.  It's not the best movie, but it is a movie that I still watch on occasion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have seen this film several times and it is quite bad. The acting is bad, the plot is lame, the characters are un-likable and the cinematography is horrendous. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I thought it was a bad one too until I found out it was actually a movie from the 1970s about a woman who goes to a psychiatrist to get her out of the depression that she is in after being married to a man for 35 years.   I don't know if I could handle that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole movie is based on the fact that this poor kid had been abandoned by his family and now lives with a homeless guy.  He works in a diner and has the most bizarre personality ever.    He's obsessed with being in a movie, with the people who were in the movie and with the actors.    He loves to talk about them and even makes up stories about them.  The movie has a number of great scenes that are good fun.  I loved the character of Frank, he is a very well drawn character.  He has some serious issues about the world he lives in, about being poor and being the only boy.  His best friend is a girl who has a dog, the dog is an alcoholic.  They all play games together and Frank is always trying to win a game.  This movie was a fun way to spend an afternoon.  It has a bit of a slow start but then starts to pick up and ends on a cliffhanger.  A great movie, worth a watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I really enjoyed this movie.   It's a very funny movie and very entertaining.  It has the typical bad movie plot that involves a lot of bad guys and an old lady.  I think the whole movie is well done.  The acting was very good.  If you want to laugh a lot then this is a good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you are looking for a decent film, look somewhere else, you won't find it here.   A bunch of people are having a picnic on a beach in the middle of the ocean, and then, out of nowhere, a bunch of monsters attack.  This movie is nothing more than a bunch a of people running away from the monsters and the monsters are chasing them.  I'm not sure what's going on, but if you've seen a movie like this, you know that it will be just a bunch more people running from the same monsters, but with more monsters.  If you liked this movie, you might also like: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not the best movie in the world. This movie is a bad and bad for a very good reason.  There are no funny lines in this movie. There is not even a funny line to be found in this bad movie.    It's a horrible movie and it's sad that this movie is so bad and that it's bad because it's not funny.  It doesn't have anything funny to say except "oh yeah, a boy falls off a roof".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really don't care for the story. The main character is stupid, and the movie is a bunch of scenes that all feel like they're done in a rush, and none of them make any sense. It's just one long run around the town, with a group of kids and a couple of adults running about and not much else happening.   The acting is also pretty bad. Most of the kids are played by the same actors (one of the adult characters is played by another of the same actor). It's pretty obvious that they're not really in it for the money, and all of them are pretty uninteresting.  's a group that's just hanging out. But the one thing that really kills this movie is that the main character has to run about the town at night, picking up women, then trying to escape the cops who are trying to find him. It would be more fun if they just made the cop the bad guy, and then the other kids were just there to help him, or to chase him down. I don't even know why they were there in the first place, or what they were doing there. And then the movie just goes from bad to worse.I really dont care for. The story. It is a group who's just a bunch who hang out, not much more to it. The movie itself is just a big run around town that is very boring, and not a whole lot of things happen.I don't know what the point of this movie was. I guess it's supposed to be a movie about a group being chased by the cops, but all it does is get boring, repetitive, and really not very interesting. The acting in this is also very bad, and it just kind of makes the movie. I mean, if you were trying to make a movie like this, it would have been better to hire an actor to play the main guy, or a comedian to play all of the other guys. It doesn't even make sense what the characters are doing, it's like they just got together and decided to do something. And no, the main man doesn't get any action scenes. It kind of kills the story, but the acting is even worse, and you can't help but laugh at the fact that the kids can't act. I actually think that they should have just let the kid in the main part do what he does best, and have the other characters just be there to try and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really bad movie. The script is very dull and unoriginal, it was all about a "possessed" girl, it had a bad storyline and the acting is bad. The film was filmed in the US in the early 80's and it's a real shame that a film this bad can be shown in the UK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a terrible movie.   It's so bad that it's actually entertaining.  It feels like the producers of the movie were so proud of how bad it was that they used a cheap fake ending to make the movie look like it was better than it actually is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't know what to expect from this movie. I don't know if it's a bad film, but I'm sure it's bad for everyone involved.   It was a very odd movie, and not really a comedy at all.  In the first act, the two main characters were talking about something completely unrelated, then it went from there.  The only laugh was when they played cards with their heads.  This movie just seems to be trying to show that life is a joke, and then the joke becomes even bigger and more ridiculous.  I can only think that they needed to make the movie more absurd to appeal to a larger audience.  It is definitely worth a watch if you don't want to be bored, but for a funny movie I can't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad I can't even find words to describe it.  It was terrible and yet it was supposed to be funny!  The movie was a bunch of clowns who came across a man who had been electrocuted. They decided to take him to a doctor to find out why he had been killed.  There were some really bad actors in this movie, but I don't think I would've had the slightest bit of fun watching this.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've seen it before, but never like this.   The movie is about a high school senior who wants to be a movie star, but he isn't a good actor.  He doesn't have the best screen presence and his acting is flat, especially when he is having sex with the girlfriend of a co-worker.  When the movie's ending is shown, the girl is crying and he is embarrassed and embarrassed, so he goes home.  It's a very silly movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  this is a bad flick and the worst thing I've seen this year. The story is really lame and the characters are completely ridiculous. It is so bad it makes me feel like I'm watching a comedy with a laugh track and an ending that will make you say "wTF". I don't even want to watch it again because I already hate it. I hate everything about it and I wish I had to watch the whole thing again because this film really needs to be seen by a few people to see how awful it is. The best thing about it is that it is the worst movie I've ever seen.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not only is the film a poor remake of the original, but its plot is a terrible one too.  This is another remake of a movie that is so bad, that you can't tell if the director is trying to make something good or if he's just making something he likes.  The movie starts out well enough.  It takes place in the middle of the 19th century.  There's a beautiful woman who falls in love with a rich, but cruel man.  She's married to a rich man and the man is abusive.  One night the wife falls off a cliff and dies.  In the film, the husband, a good man, decides to make up for his wife's death by having sex with the daughter of the man who murdered her.  But the girl dies too.    The girl's father wants revenge for his daughter's death.  He's hired a prostitute to seduce the man so he can rape her.   And the movie goes downhill from there.   The woman who fell in love in the beginning is raped, then her husband is raped and murdered and the father wants more.  So in the end, the father and the prostitute are raped by the man they love.  This is all the movie is: rape, death, and revenge.  Even the movie's ending is bad.  After the father dies, he is buried in the same grave that his wife fell in.  Why?   Because that's what good, good men do.  How many movies could I have made up like this one?  But I don't care about a movie I don' t like.  I will make up my own movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know about you, but I have been waiting for the day when I could watch a movie about the famous Italian artist and sculptor, Leonardo da Vinci.   Leonardo da vinci has a lot of admirers, and you can see why.  In fact, Leonardo Da Vinci is a huge part of my childhood.  I used to be the one that gave the most credit to the "doodle-artist" when it came to his work, as well as for the great illustrations.  The problem is that he doesn't do a very good job at drawing people, but you can still admire the skill of the artist and admire the illustrations. I don´t know if the movie "Ludovico Sforza" is as good as I had hoped it would be, but it is a very entertaining movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a bad one.  What a mess!  It was a great idea to make a movie about a boy who goes on an adventure to save a girl from a cave full of monsters and all the while a girl is stuck in the cave and trying to escape.  Then the movie decides to show the boy's parents talking to each other while the cave monster is inside the cave.    The monster is in the movie for about two minutes and it is kind of fun to watch the parents talking and all.      I guess it was supposed to be a funny movie but the movie just gets worse and worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I have ever seen. The writing is terrible, the acting is bad, the music is bad and the characters are stupid. This movie has nothing to do with the book, nor does it do anything interesting at all. If you are not a fan of the books, I would advise you to turn away now.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is the worst movie ever made.    The plot is horrible. I was wondering why they did not put in some really bad guys.  It is like they were in a bad mood and thought they could do anything they want.  I think they should have put in more bad guys!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie had so many plot holes and was so poorly acted that I am shocked they got the rating they got. I mean, who could believe a movie like that would get a rating of PG-13? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't think that it's the greatest movie ever made, but it's got a few good jokes and some great music, and the ending is the most heartwarming and tragic ending I've ever seen.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good movie, but a very bad movie. I'm not really sure what the story is about, but the ending is horrible and I think that the movie would have been much better had they made a sequel.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't really know what to say about this movie. I mean, I think it's a bad film, but I really don't think it really matters that much.  It's a film that tries to explain to us the true meaning of life and death, but they don't do a very good job of it. The movie's premise is fairly simple: a guy has a pet snail, and wants to kill it because he thinks it's evil. It's all kind of stupid, and I don't know how they were even trying to get the point across.  And then there's the ending, which I really do not like. It really feels like a bad ripoff of something like "The Big Lebowski."  There's an odd "weird" element to the ending that just feels off.  I would have liked to have seen the movie as it was intended to be seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A big fat pile of junk.   The acting, as usual, is terrible, and the script is even worse. The only redeeming thing about this movie is that it has a few good moments: a few jokes that are funny, a few gags that are entertaining, and one or two really funny bits (like the scene where the police are chasing a guy who has fallen in a hole and is in a coma). The other characters are all just dull and lifeless. The movie tries to have a laugh at the expense of the victims, but the joke never goes very far, and at the end the movie is a mess, with a weak story, weak characters, and a weak plot. If you're looking for a cheap laugh, look elsewhere.   in short: this movie sucks   -D.R.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an excellent movie for me. The story line was good, and it was well made. There was no sex and I did not find the characters to be likable at all. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't like this movie.  It's just a rehashing of a very bad movie from the 70s.    The movie starts with a short scene of a woman (played by Linda Blair) who is walking down the street when a young couple come up behind her and steal her purse.  This is followed by a scene where a police officer (played here by a guy who doesn't look anything like the movie he is playing) goes after the thieves.  After the chase the cops take the thieves into custody.  Now there is a very quick cut to a bunch of kids running around a field.  It turns out that they have been playing a "joke" game with each other for ages.  One kid says "I think you need a new pair of pants" and they say "Yeah!  That's funny.  I'm not sure about your mom though."   Then a woman walks by and a kid shouts "She's a dirty slut!  You better come back here and kick her butt!"   After that the kid who said "dirty slut" is brought back to the cops and is sent to jail.  A few scenes later a group of teenagers is having a party at their house when one of the teens decides to go outside.  He then decides to jump into a lake in order to cool off.  The boy jumps in and drowns.     Now a couple of kids are running around in a lake.  When they see the boy drowned they go over and try to help him out.  They manage to pull him out and they are then treated to a nice scene where the boy gets a chance to say something and they all laugh.  As soon as the scene ends the movie cuts to the main title of the movie.   After this the movie goes into a "trailer" style montage.  We see a bunch (mostly teens) in the streets of the city.  There are some scenes of people walking around and the movie does a nice job at showing us the city and how it looks.  Unfortunately the movie has a lot of very stupid lines of dialogue that are hard to follow and even harder to believe.  For example, a woman is talking about how a guy just ran into her car.  At first I thought she was talking about her husband but then I realized that she is talking to a kid.  Then she says "You're a stupid guy
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie had a lot of promise, but the writing was awful.  As a comedy, this is a good one, but not a great one.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really bad movie.  I know the guy who directed this is the man who brought me "The Great White Shark"  (that movie was bad) and I was going to go see it again, but this movie sucks so bad it makes my blood boil.    It is so bad, I feel sorry for the people who are making it and I can't wait for my own personal "Great White Shark".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I liked this movie, but I wasn't really in love with it.  The main character, Ben, was a little more interesting than I thought he would be.    I think I was expecting a more dramatic story about a boy who had a little brother and a father who was a priest.  This isn't a movie for kids.  I was disappointed that they didn't give the movie more of an emotional feel to it. The only way that it worked was the fact that it's about a kid who's only goal in life was to find his missing brother and to get revenge on the people who have hurt him.  It was nice to see the kids that were supposed to be in it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good movie about a man who was raised by a man and a woman, both of whom are dead now. He gets an invitation to a party and is accepted by the girl he's supposed to go with, but the party is a ruse to get the man he loves to marry a woman he loves. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    -   It is a shame that the director of this movie has to hide his name.   The movie was so bad that I am sure it was a nightmare to make.      What I got: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie with no redeeming qualities and no redeemable qualities. I can't think of anything worse than a movie that just repeats the same things over and over.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst movie I have ever seen.  The acting is awful and it is not funny at all.    The film was very slow and not funny, there is no romance at all in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think we all know that this is the best movie ever made.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "You are about to be murdered." I have to admit that I never expected to see the movie 'Cannibal Holocaust' that I was looking forward to on opening day.  The opening scene was supposed to be a very interesting scene but it didn't quite work out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The bad movie was awful.  And the bad movie has a great cast:    Bart,  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie that takes place on an island in the middle of the Atlantic. There is a big white boat that travels to the island, where a bunch of poor people live.   I liked this movie because it was a comedy that also had a lot of heart. It's just a bunch o' dumbasses who just get into a boat with a white woman and go sailing off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that's good about this film is the terrible dialogue and the terrible acting of a guy who was born and raised in the 80's.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a movie about a dog that lives in a park, and one day the dog goes missing. So they search the park, but nothing is found. Then one day they find a dog with a wound in its tail, and it looks like it has been attacked by something. But then the dog starts barking and it gets the attention of the other dogs, and then the people come and take it to the vet. But it is dead.   This is a very boring movie, and I could not really get into it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was never really impressed with this film. The story was boring and the acting was bad. The film was made for a cheap tv series so I don't know why they wasted so much money on it. The only thing that is good about this movie is the scene where they bring in a dead bird and put it in a jar of water. It looks like it is alive and you can't get enough of it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many bad movie, so I'm going to give it a try. I was looking forward to this movie, because I'm a fan of the Twilight franchise and I'm looking forward for a good horror movie. This movie is awful. The acting is awful, the plot is awful and it's just a bad, bad movie. I can't believe I'm saying that.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is about a poor man who is constantly harassed by a man who claims to be his son.   Unfortunately, it is not the son who keeps bothering him.  This is a bad excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a disaster.  I mean it's bad even by Hollywood standards, and the film has no redeeming qualities whatsoever.   The story is really lame, and it's not much fun to watch.  The acting is bad, the plot is stupid, and there are too many stupid jokes to mention.  I have never seen anything like this, and I'm sure I never will.  Overall, I would give this a 3/10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was a good movie, but the badness was just too much.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful. The film's plot is about a young boy named Darrin (James Brown) who is trying to find his way home to his mother, but the more he wanders around the house, the more strange it becomes. The house is haunted by the ghost of a little girl named Lillian (Carol Kane).  The movie is a pretty typical haunted house film, except that it is made much better by the actors and the special effects.   A short scene from the movie.   The film was written by Paul Hartman (who was a huge influence on the early horror directors) and produced by Vincent Price.  Price had to quit the movie after a few months, but Hartman continued the project. Price was known for his weirdly long takes and strange direction, and Hartman didn't fit into that mold, so he ended up doing a lot of the movie's special effects himself.  The movie was pretty successful at the box office, and it is considered one of the weirdest and best horror movies ever made.  A review by a young woman named Linda Hazzard :    This is a classic haunted house movie. It is a good time, and a good story.  I think it is one of those classic movies that will be around forever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film to be extremely boring.  In fact, it's so boring that it almost felt like an insult to the audience.  The film begins with an image of a small, blonde girl walking down a street.   It's not long before she is captured and held hostage by a gang of armed men.  There is no dialogue.  This movie is devoid of any emotion whatsoever.  It makes me question how the people who put this film together were even chosen.  What is the point of having this film if you can't make the audience care?  I didn't care for the film.  I found it to be just a boring, boring film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know if this is a good movie. The actors have no chemistry together and there is no story at all. I don the whole movie in one sitting but I had to re-watch it several times just to find out what happened to the main character.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing worth saying about this movie is that I enjoyed it and found myself wanting to see more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I loved this movie!   And I loved the idea of the "The Haunting" which is the title of the movie and I was afraid I would hate it, but it was a great movie.   The story is a ghost story told by the Haunting himself.  It is scary and eerie.  And the Haunts is the best in the movie! It was a very scary movie! I will have to watch the next one when it is on the air! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You can't find a better example of the bad movie genre than this one.  I've never seen a movie where a character actually has the audacity to ask for help to stop a bad guy who has been harassing her for months.    It's a shame that the movie ends without anything to show for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, there are two bad movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a classic example of bad acting, bad directing and bad editing.  It is a mess and an embarrassing movie.  I'm not sure if there is anything to this movie but it's certainly entertaining and fun to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just plain terrible. It has no story, no logic, no story line, no plot, nothing. All that we get from the movie is: "Oh, this is what we all like about the movie, it's a nice relaxing movie. It's just a nice, relaxing movie." I'm glad that it's not a good movie, but this is a terrible movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a movie with an original premise and plot, but the acting is awful, the music is awful. This movie is really hard to watch.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.   There's a point where you have to be able to say to yourself, "It's going to be okay. We can make it through this, we're going to get out of here." Then, after that, when it doesn't feel like you can get out, when the movie's a total flop, when you feel like your eyes are going to fall out of your head, that's when it's really going to hurt. It's hard to tell when the whole movie goes downhill. There are some really nice moments. It starts off on a nice note, and then everything goes down hill. It could have been so much better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of those terrible horror movies that are made in the style of a horror movie from the 80's but they took that movie too far and made it a truly horrible movie.  This is not the way to tell a scary story.  I was hoping to see a good horror movie with a good story but the only thing scary about this movie is the creepy music, the creepy little girl, the scary little boy and the creepy girl and her boyfriend.  The ending was also really cheesy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So, in my defense, this movie was terrible. It has a plot that is laughable, the characters are pathetic, and the special effects are awful. The ending was cheesy and poorly directed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie about a bunch of thugs who are going around beating up various pedestrians and stealing their stuff. The best thing about this movie is that it is about people beating each other up with baseball bats.  The violence is fairly tame, but the "heroes" don't do much other than just stand around and talk about what they want.  Overall, I don't like the movie and can't give it a rating other than a 1 or 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot of the film is very similar to that of the previous two installments, the film takes place in the same location as the first two films, this time the story revolves around a group of mercenaries who are working for the corrupt mayor, he has hired the mercenaries to take down the gang that is plaguing his town. The plot for this movie is very basic, the movie is basically about the mercenaries trying to take out the gang, they do so through the use of guns and other weapons, the only problem with the movie really is that there was no sense of excitement or action, I found myself wanting to watch the movie again after it had finished, the script is very simplistic, the characters were very flat and there were very little changes made to the plot, so it was basically just another bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last 10 minutes of this movie are so tedious and boring, that I don't even want to waste my time on this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've seen many movies that have been bad, but I don't think this is one of them. It's like a movie from the 70's that's been digitally remade for today's screen. It has a decent plot, and it's not bad at all. It had me intrigued at the start, and the characters were very well drawn.   There were a couple of times when I found myself thinking, "why did this have to be so bad?", but other than that I enjoyed it. It is, however, a very, very bad movie. It doesn't have a lot of good jokes. It was a lot slower than I'd like, but the actors were really good.   of course the plot was crap, and I found it a bit frustrating at times, but this is a good movie, and there is no doubt that it is at least a good comedy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In a world of superhero movies, we have a very odd one.   If you're a fan of the old TV show, then you'll probably enjoy this one. If you don't like the old show, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was disappointed that this movie didn't have much of a storyline.  The movie seemed to have been done so the writer could write a "punch line" movie.    The plot was just so contrived and ridiculous that I was just bored out of my skull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So far this is the worst film I have ever seen.   The worst thing about this film is that it does not even try to be a movie.  It is a long boring movie. The actors play the roles very stiffly and with little emotion.  I could not help but feel that the film was being made as a cheap publicity stunt to get the name "Kenny Powers" out there.  There is a lot of nudity in this film, some of it is very tasteless, and the film does not have much to say about itself.  This film is a great example of how the "Knick" is used as a money making machine.  The producers wanted a low budget film to make a few dollars, and a good deal of it was used for this purpose. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was never a huge fan of the first movie in this series. I thought it was a bad joke that just never seemed to be able to find a balance between comedy and horror, and when I saw the movie on DVD I was like "Oh yeah, a sequel to the bad movie, and I'm not too sure about this one."  The thing about the sequel is that there are two of them. The first is a little more funny and a little less scary, but the second is just as bad.    It's a movie where you think that the bad guy is going to die (because the ending is so anticlimactic) and you're supposed to be shocked that he doesn't.  It seems like the writers were trying to make a horror movie about a zombie apocalypse, and instead they ended up with a bad horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate this movie. It's like a bad cartoon and doesn't have much going for it. It stars an actor with a voice that's very bad, and he's constantly shouting at people to leave him alone and don't say a word. It seems to me that he's been acting in this movie for a long time, and his voice is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie was really bad.   I didn't even like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a very bad movie. The movie is called "Ace Ventura: Pet Detective", but that name isn't funny. The director and the actor (and, to a lesser extent, the actors) are really bad. The actor plays a guy who is a bad actor. The acting in this movie is so bad that you are not sure if the guy in the suit is supposed to be the real Ace Ventura, or if the actor in the costume is supposed it to be Ace Ventura. It's the actor's job to be a bad character actor, and to a large extent, he does it. The other characters are also bad, as they all behave like bad people. The bad people are always running from the bad people, or are running to the bad places. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, at first the movie seems like it will be nothing more than a fun horror film that just happens to have zombies and a couple of vampires in it.   But, as the movie goes on and you see more of the setting, the characters, the setting and more of what is happening, the film starts to seem like a more disturbing film.  One of the characters in the movie is really annoying, but then again, so are a lot of the other characters in horror films.  If you want to be scared and have a good time then this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found it to be pretty bad. The acting was pretty bad too. The story was terrible. It was supposed to be about a man who went around killing people and then went to jail. However, he has an accident and then gets freed and the story is about him trying to get revenge. But it wasn't very good. I am glad I watched it and I was disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a good idea for a short film but it didn't work.  I mean, it was short.  I mean, maybe it would have been better if the film were longer.  The concept of the short film was that two guys were playing pool.  One guy's name was Steve and the other guy's was Steve.  It was a short but it was very interesting to watch.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film of mediocre quality, but one that should be seen.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A really dumb movie!   It's a terrible movie.   The acting was horrible.  I hate to admit this but the director doesn't have a clue.  If you like stupid jokes and awful acting and bad direction then you will love this.  It was like a terrible high school movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people have made movies that are worse than this one.  I have to say that I really enjoy it, but that's about it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people would like this movie, but I can't stand it, and I hate the ending.  I'm just glad it's over, I hope they never make another.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about this movie is that the actors are all great, and the dialogue is pretty good.  I was hoping that they would make it a little more interesting.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story, in my opinion, is just a bunch of old, tired, clichéd clichés, especially the one about the evil mastermind who is behind all the evil. He's an old man, he has a big beard, and he is always in a mask, which he never takes off. There's also a scene with an old, bald man who looks like a very creepy version of the villain. There was one other bad character that I didn't care for, but other than that, the film is just very boring.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A dull, dreary and unoriginal piece of crap.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie that has nothing going for it. I hate to be harsh, but this is the most boring movie I have ever seen. It is so slow that I can barely keep my eyes open as it goes on. I guess you could say that it's a movie for people who don't like anything with a'message'. It's the story of a woman who finds out she's been abducted by aliens. What I found funny was the fact that this film is made by a man who looks like David Hasselhoff. That is a fact. I have to wonder how many people watched this film and thought, "I'd like to see a man do a movie like this." I don't see how anyone could enjoy it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is boring.  And not in a good way.   It is a film that does not understand why you would watch a comedy about a little girl and her dog.  I understand that this is a family comedy and that little girls are not funny, but I don't know why the movie thought this was a good idea.  It is a long and boring way to spend time with your children.  If you want to have a laugh at a bad film this is the movie for you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a very bad movie that should be banned in every country.   The characters are stupid, the plot is nonsensical, the dialog is awful and the acting is pathetic.  If you like bad movies, I can only recommend this movie to you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poorly done movie that's basically a bunch of characters talking about nothing but themselves. I can't say much about it other than that it has some decent acting, but the acting is so bad that I could not stand to watch it. It's basically the plot of a bunch more TV shows. It looks like a very fun movie and a little more interesting than the other "dungeon crawl" movies I've seen. It also features a good soundtrack, but I'm not sure what to make of it. I've been waiting for a good movie like this to see since the 80's, but no luck yet.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst film I've ever seen in my life.   What a horrible film.  It was supposed to be a comedy about an old woman, but I never saw a single funny line in this movie.  The only funny lines in this film are in the beginning, when the two young women are telling the old lady about how she was always complaining about something, and how she hated it when the men didn't pay attention to her.  This is the same woman who was a real cry baby when the women's rights were being debated in the 70's, and who complained about "the man in charge" (yes, she complained about the man in control, and was the only one who was allowed to have a voice).   It is absolutely absurd that she was in charge of the police department, but instead she is in charge (along with the other female officers) of a police department which is full of idiots who make a fool of themselves and have no respect for the laws. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie I have seen this year.   It is just a really bad movie.  It has nothing to do with the genre.  The story is just about a man who gets lost in a forest.  He starts hearing things and soon he has to find a way out.  I can see the movie being fun.  You have to try to stay in character all the time.  But the movie is just boring.  There is nothing really exciting about it.  Nothing is really scary.  Maybe it would have been better if the characters were not so bad.  Also, the music is just terrible.  This is probably the worst movie that I have ever seen.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot is a very boring one. It goes like this: a woman gets pregnant. She gives birth to a daughter. She takes her daughter to a movie. She goes to the movie. The daughter falls asleep. The woman has a dream about the baby in the movie, who comes back as a woman with a child and takes the child away. A woman from the next town sees the movie and thinks that the daughter is her daughter. The next woman has another dream about a baby in a movie, and the next dream is that the baby is her own daughter. So, every woman in town has a daughter and every woman has an infant. But, there are three women who have not had a child. One of them is a lesbian and the other two are single. They all think they have a child but no one knows about it. When the women in town are pregnant with the infant, they start to act like a normal family. They love their babies and they care about each other. One man is concerned that his daughter has had a baby but he thinks the family is weird. It's all very sad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is basically a remake of the movie The Blob. It is a boring, bland, unfunny, uneventful movie. It is nothing more than an excuse to show a giant blob running around. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first thing that jumps out is the horrible acting in this movie.   First, I'll say the movie is not a bad film.  The movie is set up to be a campy fun-fest.  It is a comedy that has no plot or character development.  So you are left to guess what is going on.  This movie is about a man who is trapped in a haunted house and must try to get out.  There are so many different things that go wrong in this film.  It is not funny, it is not scary, it has no suspense, it's just awful.  I would not recommend this movie to a kid, and it certainly is not to a person who likes campy horror.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love to watch bad movies, but this movie is so bad it makes me want to kill myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a shame that this movie, with all its bad acting, bad acting-to-look-at, and bad writing, did not receive a better rating than a D, at least in the US. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie with an all-time bad ending. The first half of the movie takes place at a place called "The Farting House". I guess this is supposed to be some kind of joke. The movie shows a guy, named "Cocky", walking down a path, and looking at a picture of a lady. The picture of the lady looks like a dead woman. It also has a skull on the front of the picture. So this movie is supposed for the guy to look at the picture of that lady and see a dead body. It is supposed that he gets really excited about the lady, and that the lady is a dead lady. It goes on like that for a little while. This is supposed be a funny little movie. Then we get to the part where Cocky gets the job. Then he meets the lady. Cocky is supposed a dead person, so the lady doesn't know he is alive. So Cocky starts to talk to the lady and starts to kiss her. Then the lady tells Cocky to get out of her house, but she isn't a dead girl. So now they are stuck. Cockey doesn't really know how to get back to the house. There is no phone in the house, and it is dark. So he starts to go around trying to find the house number. The lady then tells Cockey to call her back. Cock.y doesn't like this. He goes back to his room and starts looking through the phone book. He sees the phone number "10-2". So Cock.a picks up the phone and starts calling the number. Then Cock.t picks up and starts talking. Then at the end of the phone conversation, Cock.w calls back. He says that he has been shot. And then the credits roll. I really didn't like the movie. It was supposed to make me laugh, but it just made me sick.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so stupid that it's hilarious. The story is about a girl named Rina (Sakurai Mio) who is having a sleepover with her cousin (Okamoto Shunsuke) at a house. After her cousin starts acting weird she goes to her aunt (Okawa Kana) and aunt's husband (Okuda Yoshio) to complain about him, but he tells her that he has a new wife and son and the boy is the love of her life. Rina goes to the house and asks Rina's husband to bring him some food, but Rina is a really mean girl and throws the food to the ground and asks her cousin to come back and fight with her. Rini (Takagi Yuki) is so angry that she attacks Rina and kicks her out of the house. Rinya (Nanjo Hideo) goes out and meets Rina, and they start a fight. The fight goes on and on and the fight turns into a brawl. After a while they decide to stop the fight and Rinyan and Rina decide to have a sleep over at the same house the next day. However, before they sleep they have a conversation about their past. They also have a little talk about Rina. At this point the movie is almost over and Rino's character is still the same as it was the last movie. Rino is so sweet and kind, she is the type of girl you just want to protect. RINA is a bad character and I feel bad for Rina since she is such a bad girl. RINYA IS A BAD BITCH, RININA IS A TERRIBLE BITCH and that's what this movie is about. I have never watched a movie this bad before and I felt that the movie was about a boy and a girl fighting and having a fight, but the way the movie made it I never even knew the fight was a fight and it was more of a brawl with no rules. I just thought that it was a big misunderstanding and that the two were fighting because they couldn't get along. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is awful.   I was so disappointed when I heard that this movie was coming out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movies I've seen in a while. It's a pretty typical "monster movie" where the monster is a giant man-eating centipede.   The worst part of this movie is the fact that it's only 8 minutes long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I loved this movie! It's a bit slow for my taste, but the humor is quite good, and it has some cool stuff in it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie and had to take a break from it for a while.   The story is about a man who goes around with a woman, and in his dreams he has sex with her.  The woman is the real bad-ass.  It is a horrible movie.  I could go on and on about the bad acting, bad story, bad direction, bad production, bad editing, bad music, and the worst acting I have ever seen.    I hate to say this but the worst part about the movie is the horrible acting.  They tried to show how evil and evil the woman is but it is so terrible it is unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't like this movie at all.  It was a dull action movie, that I could tell was supposed to be a horror movie.    The characters were all lame, and not very interesting.  But the action scenes were so lame and the characters weren't memorable.  I wouldn't recommend this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting in this movie is so terrible and the story so bad it's not even funny.  I would not recommend this to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A boring story about a guy who meets a girl who looks exactly like his ex and then decides to go on a date with her.   I guess the only interesting part of the story is the fact that there are multiple versions of the same story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last part of the first half was pretty bad and then this part was even worse. I don't even want to see this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a good, but stupid, movie. It has a great plot, a good acting and a good story line. But, this movie has no idea what it wants to be and what it is about. The movie takes place in a small town where people who are in a wheelchair are allowed to run around. This is done because no one wants to get hurt. The main character has a problem with the wheelchair and is afraid to run because it may cause him to fall over and get hurt, so he runs away from home and ends up living in a hotel with his new girlfriend, a blind girl who has a hard time walking because of a stroke. The plot takes a turn when the girl begins to have sex with the boy in the bathroom. She says that the only reason she is blind is because she can't see her boyfriend. Then she tells the boy that she is not blind and that she loves him. They start to date and the boy begins to fall in love with her. The boy gets tired of the wheelchair. He wants to go on an adventure and decides to run away. The girl has a heart attack when she realizes that she may have ruined their relationship. They go to a hospital, where the doctor tells the blind girl that she will never be able to see again. The blind girl tells the doctor that she doesn't know what happened and asks if he can tell her what happened. The doctor says that he can't because he doesn't have any way of doing it. The two women leave the hospital and leave the boy behind. He is left alone to face his future and his fear. There is a lot of sex, but it's not good sex. The director wants you to be able see the woman's breasts, but they aren't big enough to see them. Also, the director makes the scene where the blind woman is raped by a man who is supposed to be her boyfriend, a rape scene. The only reason why the movie can get a "B" is because of the great acting. But there are plenty of other problems in the movie. The film is slow, which doesn't help matters. It also has a very slow pace and I think it's because the director isn't a good actor. The story line doesn't go anywhere and it feels like it is trying to set up a sequel. I think this is one of those movies that you watch when you are bored and when the only thing you want to do is to watch something
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very silly movie about a clown who wants to become a good man, but can't. It's very well made, very silly, and a very good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film begins with the narrator's father (Bruce Dern) at a funeral, when his mother (Meryl Streep) says that his father never got along with his stepmother (Kate Winslet). The narrator (James Cromwell) is watching the funeral on television and he has an epiphany. After this he starts to study and become a doctor. As he becomes a doctor he meets other doctors. At one point he meets a woman who is married to a doctor (played by John Lithgow). This is the movie's version of a love triangle. The two doctors, Dr. Paul (John Lithgow) and Dr. David (Chris Hemsworth) have a great relationship and have a very good marriage. The problem is that Paul is married and Dr David is not. They fight about everything from the way he dresses to the way she eats. After several years of this they are divorced. As the two doctors have become friends Paul goes back to college. He gets his PhD in medicine and is accepted to medical school. He meets Dr. Jennifer (Melanie Griffith) and falls in love with her. This is followed by a romantic comedy of errors, where Paul has to get a liver transplant from a woman he's never met before. The movie ends with a heartwarming scene where Paul and Jennifer get married.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was a terrible movie.   The only reason it was on here is because the name of the director is "Barry Levinson".   He directed this crap in 1997 and the studio paid $6,000 for it.  I mean it is not even a good movie. It has a terrible story line, a bad director, and a terrible cast. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an over-the-top, ridiculous, over-sexed-up, overlong, completely unnecessary, silly, pointless, poorly made, bad-assed movie. It was a little fun on the first viewing, but that's about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The best movie I've seen this year is a bad one. The story follows a character named Steve, who is a homeless guy that finds a house that has an amazing secret: It's the home of a man that died in a plane crash and has been kept in a refrigerator for the last 15 years. Steve takes a job at the house and soon discovers that this man has a very special ability: he can go through anything. From being shot to falling through the floor. Steve becomes fascinated with this man and his powers. He soon finds out that there are people that hate this man, that would love to see him dead. Steve is a decent man who's only wish is to see his father again.   So, it's a bad film. It's not bad for being made in 2005. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was one of the worst movies I have ever seen.   There were some funny parts, like the movie where the guy tries to break into a store.  I guess I am one of those people who is a sucker for this type of movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In this film, two men in the early 70s travel together to a village in India where they plan to steal a huge gold coin. They are successful, and the coin is returned to the village, which is shocked to find that the gold coin is worth millions of dollars. The men take their loot to a casino, where they are caught by the cops and the villagers who accuse them of being thieves. They have a short fight and then a taxi driver is hit by the men and dies. It is then that the two thieves realize that they must return to India to make sure that no one ever tries to steal the gold. The two thieves make their way to the Taj Mahal in India. It appears that they are in trouble, however, and they are approached by the owner, who seems to know where they can be found. He offers the two men a deal: either they will work for him, or he will kill them and take their gold. He says that if they return with the gold, he will be satisfied, and will not be tempted to kill them. They accept, and head to the hotel in the Taj. The next morning, they head out to the casino and are met by the hotel manager. He takes them to a room and tells them that he will help them if they help him. He gives them a room to sleep in. The thieves quickly realize that their deal is a scam and leave. However, the manager, knowing how the two are, gives them their money back. He then reveals that he has a room that is empty and offers to let them stay there until the next morning. The manager and the thieves head back to the room where they sleep.   The next morning the manager comes to see the two. He has been waiting all day for them. He promises to pay them for the money they gave him. The thief tells him that they never received any money, so he gives him the gold and they both leave. They leave the hotel and drive to a nearby desert where they decide to stop and rest. The driver has a problem and starts driving erratically. It seems that they have crashed and are not able to get away. The owner of the desert, who knows the two, approaches them and offers them a deal. If they are found, he says that he can kill them, and if they are not found, that he would be able to kill all three of them. The robbers agree to this deal,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just can't see a good movie coming out of this.  This is a poor excuse for a movie.  The actors and the actresses look like they are all having a good time, but it is a terrible movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have nothing but good things to say about this movie. The plot is about a boy and his dad who try to take care of their kids by going on an adventure, the only problem is they all seem to be dead. The ending is so out of left field that it makes me wonder why they bothered putting it in there. I wish they had cut the ending and kept it in.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was surprised to find this movie in the "greatest" movie category.   It is a bit boring, and very slow paced.  It starts off with a scene where a police officer gets into an accident, but no one believes him when he tells them he was not speeding.  Then we have a girl who has a broken arm, and has to wear a cast for the rest of her life.  And the police officer who caused the accident is in prison for 20 years.  I am not sure why this movie is rated "great" and not "greater".   This is a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that the film "Sisters" is an interesting movie but it is very difficult to be sure what's going on. In the first half of the film we have the two sisters from a poor family, with a father who is very poor. In fact they are poor enough that their mother, who is a great housekeeper, has to work all the time. The father and his sister have a very close relationship. When they are a bit older they have a boy, and the mother goes to a big house to look after the boy and the father goes out to work. The mother has two children and they are all very small. The sister's youngest child is so tiny that he cannot stand up on his own. The brother's eldest son is so small that he can hardly stand up by himself. At the age of seven he has to be helped by a neighbour to the house where his mother lives. At fifteen, he has another brother. The older brother is an old man and the younger brother is about fourteen. At thirteen, the younger sister has a brother who is about twelve years old and the sister's eldest child is a boy of seven years old. At fourteen, the sister has another son who is two years old, a son of one year, a daughter of three years, and a son who will probably be a child of three. The younger sister's oldest child is two. There are no names given to the children except for a number, but they are probably called the "Sons of the Mother" or "Sister's Children". The film is about a sister's family and their difficulties and struggles. I think the film was a bit difficult to follow, and I did not understand much of what was going on in it. I did find it quite interesting to watch, however. It's a good film to watch when you are very tired or tired of things and you don't want to go to bed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love it when a movie is made for a small budget and is not pretentious. That's what this movie is about, a young guy is having a good time in an old house. He's on the top of a hill, having a wonderful time. But then a storm hits. This movie is really good and it is a great story to tell. I will be watching this movie again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A very bad movie. The movie is an imitation of a movie from the 80s, "The Deer Hunter." It stars Clint Eastwood and his stunt double. It looks very realistic and is an excellent movie. It is really boring and very predictable. I don't think it's the movie that is bad, but the movie itself.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen.  You might not like it, I don't care.    I'd rather spend the next month or so with a bowl of porridge than watch this crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't see this movie when it was originally released in 1999, but I watched it in 2004. I thought it was pretty bad, and I still think it is. It's a very low budget movie with a bad ending. I don't know what to make of it, other than that it's not great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film starts out with a very well done story with a good performance from the leading actor. He is in the lead role and his voice is great. But soon we find out that his character is not who he seems to be. He has an obsession with his father and the fact that he is actually a man is a shocker to all of us. The story is not bad at all and the way it was done was great. The action is excellent and we see how the character develops and the character growth of the main character is a great way to end the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie itself has the potential to be good. The character of Sam (the "brave" one, played by Mark Boone Junior) and his father, who seems to be more than a little afraid of him (because Sam is always running off with girls and taking off with them in the back seat of his car), the fact that they are going to be in a "tough" town where they'll be "taught" to live by the "hard life", the fact they will be taught by a bunch of "bad-ass" teachers who don't care who gets hurt (they all have bad reputations, the most infamous being a woman who has had several abortions), the teacher's "teacher" (played by Richard Dean Anderson), and the fact there's a buncha kids running around with knives in their back pockets and a kid with a shotgun who is a really bad, bad guy who has a little girl with him.   All this is presented in a way that is not over-the-top, not too realistic, and not overly long-winded.  It's like the sort of "family-oriented" movie that I have seen a thousand times before, and it never gets too "out there" either.  But this is a movie that is far more than it has any right to be.  A few of the "gag" scenes were funny, but mostly they just made me roll my eyes.  For a movie with the name "The Karate Kid" attached to it, it has a lot of stuff that just feels out of place.  The kid is not very tough, he's not very clever, and he's a total slob.  There are several scenes where he is completely naked, or is completely nude and not very sexy.  And there are some very weird and out of character characters in this movie, including a couple of teenagers who just seem to be there for the sake of "freak-out" and shock value.  I was pretty surprised that they didn't use a more adult-oriented director for this movie.  They could have gone with a much more experienced director like Terry Zwigoff (like "Karate Kid" is a Terry Zwagoff film), who could have done something special with this film.  All in all, "The Krueger Kid" isn't very good.  Maybe I'll see it again when it comes out on
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen a number of bad movies and bad movies but this is by far the worst I've ever seen. It is not a bad picture at all. It looks and sounds great. I am so glad I didn't give it five stars.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a bad, bad movie.   There is nothing good about it.  There are bad people in the world, but this is the worst.  It is about a man who gets shot by a cop while robbing a bank and then is brought in for questioning by the cops.  When he gets there he is handcuffed to a chair and he is asked questions.  He asks why he was handcuffed and he gets a good answer about how he was caught with a gun.  Then he gets more questions and they ask if he knows why he shot the guy.  They then try to get him to confess to the robbery.  After he is released from jail he goes to his friend's house to get some beer.  Once there he meets his girlfriend.  She is really hot, but he is really shy.  One thing leads to another and soon he has a girl friend.  The next morning he goes down to the police station to meet the cop who shot him.  Now they are trying to figure out who shot the other cop and why.  What happens next is truly unbelievable.  This movie is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful movie. The only thing that can save it is that it's in English. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was excited to watch this movie because I knew it would be pretty good. I expected it to be more action-packed than it actually was.   The action was pretty good and there were some pretty cool special effects and sequences.  It wasn't quite the "Maze Runner" movie I was hoping for but it was entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has a lot of good parts, but also a few bad ones. The acting is okay, and some of the special effects are pretty cool. The movie is a story about a man who is being haunted by a spirit that can only be killed by a weapon that looks like a giant snake.   Posted by Peter L. at 1:01 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The "Powers of Ten" is an attempt at a sequel to the "Pete's Dragon" series, which was a huge box office success in 1986 and 1987. However, this film suffers from the same problems as "Pegasus": it tries to have a "cool" storyline, and it fails miserably.   At least, it tries. The script, written by Steven Spielberg, has a "tough guy" look about it, and is full of colorful dialogue. The special effects are fine. The animation is a bit cheesy. And the music is just plain bad.   in a way, the film tries to be like "The Day the Earth Stood Still" and the "Back to the Future" movies, but it is so obviously different that you just can't get a handle on it. It is a story of an alien (Gunn) who visits Earth to find out about our planet. He then decides to "teach" us about our world, and his "experiment" is a bad one. It just doesn't work. It seems that we, the "Earthlings" are just a bunch of wimps who are willing to believe any stupid nonsense. Gunn is supposed to be an alien who has a deep interest in our planet, yet he doesn't seem to understand it, at all. We are told that he is interested in our history, culture, etc. However the actual facts seem to suggest that he doesn  I was really hoping for some good special effects, but they are pretty average.  . I really don't see any reason to watch this one.  ,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing that really stood out to me was how creepy the music was. The actors and actresses are all pretty great, and they did a pretty good job.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If I could have seen this movie over and over again.   I never saw the movie in its entirety before this one.  The story is simple: a young woman is abducted and kept captive for two years.  When she finally escapes, she comes across a strange tribe of tribesmen that are living in a cave.  They are a group of people who live off the land and practice a form of witchcraft called the Mucowood.  This is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen.  I have never seen anything so beautiful and breathtaking.  As it turns out, they have the same taste in music as a certain group of rock and roll musicians who also live in a nearby cave.    It's a very well-written movie.  It does a great job of depicting the Mukewood. It shows their daily lives and the way they look and act.  Even the names of their tribes are well done.  There are a few moments of action, but they are never too long and are pretty well choreographed.  Overall, I loved the movie and I'm sure I'll see it again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is nothing to write home about, but it has a few redeeming qualities. It has some great action, great dialogue and a good amount of laughs. If you can get past the terrible acting, the dialogue and the cheesy special effects you will find a movie that will give you a laugh and maybe even a few tears.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst thing about this movie is how well it's done. There's an amazing scene at the beginning where we see an army of Nazis attacking a French town with a big red cross on top of it, but there's a scene later in the movie that takes the cake:  The last 20 minutes of the movie are pretty awful, and the entire movie is bad. The main character is a pretty good-looking guy with a nice voice and a good story to tell, but the movie's awfulness is really overwhelming. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's hard to believe that this film has not been remade.   In fact, it was a remake of the French classic, Les Miserables.  The film was shot by Louis Malle and his cinematographer was the great Max Ophüls, who is now better known as a movie director than a cinematographic one.  It was filmed at the time when Hollywood was still a small town.  This is where the film begins, in the parlor of the "Gentleman of Le Havre".  In the middle of a speech about the French Revolution, the film cuts to a man sitting on the front steps of a home in a suburb of Paris.  There is a beautiful woman sitting in a chair next to him.  She is a widow who is suffering from depression and who appears to be very depressed.  Her husband is a rich businessman who is a great admirer of Napoleon.  In an attempt to help her, the businessman brings her a bottle of wine from the cellar of his villa.  What is in the bottle is the spirit of the Revolution.  He offers to drink the wine and then he tells her that it will make her forget her troubles.  When the bottle has been poured into a glass, he says: "You drink.  " And she says:  "No.  Now I have nothing to drink."   The businessman offers to give her some money to buy a new suit, but she refuses to accept any money.  But he does offer her a pair of shoes.  That is, of course, a very important part of the story, as shoes and shoes are very important in the French Revolutionary movement.  As she looks at the shoes, she realizes she has never worn a pair before and she asks him to put them on her feet.  And the businessman, who seems to have the most influence over this woman, tells her, "These are the shoes of the revolution."  The woman is very happy and begins to dance and to sing and to be merry.  For those who are not familiar with the French revolution, it is said that the women wore no shoes and danced barefoot on the street.  They also danced in their pajamas on the back porch, or in the middle aisle of a public market.  At the beginning of the film, we see the woman's life in a rather pathetic light.  Before the Revolution, she
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really liked this movie, it is the worst movie I have seen in a long time. I really didn't want to like this movie and the fact that it has a female lead is not helping matters. I found myself getting very annoyed at the fact I couldn't stop laughing at how stupid she was and her stupid jokes. It was such a shame because it had potential. This movie was bad!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is very well made.  It's a very good movie.    It's very well done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a piece of crap, and there is no way in hell that anyone will ever watch this film, especially if they're into comedy. The acting was poor, the comedy was just bad, and the direction was so bad it made the film look like it was made on a 16 bit computer.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film opens in a world where everyone has a magic power. There is a small village in the mountains where the main character, who's name I forget, is raised by his grandmother and uncle. One day his uncle tells him that he's going to the town to buy some equipment. When he arrives he finds a very large castle. He gets into a carriage, but the castle blocks it. His uncle then takes him to a magical world where he meets a few strange characters.    I like the fact that the castle was built in a way that it would look like a fort from a certain period of time, however I'm not sure how it can be considered a castle. It's kind of like a round tower with a dome and a door that leads into a dark tunnel.  The castle was not made in the style of a fort, it looks more like an elaborate medieval fortress with a moat and a gate. It has a moose that looks like a giant and a bear that looks more of a dragon.  There is only one thing that I liked about this movie: the magic. The film does not take itself too seriously. There are no super hero sequences and even though the castle looks like an impressive fortress the film doesn't seem to take itself that seriously. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really thought that this movie would be good, but it was a complete disappointment. I liked the trailer a lot, but after seeing it I couldn't believe what I was seeing. It was bad. I know it's a movie, but when the actors can't act, the actors don't act. It just made me want to vomit.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was terrible, but I had a great time. I liked the first two movies but I'm not sure I'll like this one. The bad acting is bad and I liked how the movie had a really good ending.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really had high hopes for this movie. It has all the elements that made the classic 1980's TV show so great:    It's a classic 80's TV series about a group of misfit teenagers living in a small town in Ohio.   They're the only normal teens around, the town is weird and their parents don't like them.  There are some cool references to 80's pop culture in the movie, but the movie itself is fairly uninspired.  It seems like the filmmakers were trying to copy the look of the 1980's show, but they weren't successful.  Some of the movie's music is great, but none of the songs have any real charm.  The acting is mostly forgettable.  I'd say that the actors were good, but not great.  Despite the movie not being very good, I still enjoyed it.  If you like 80's shows or movies, give it a shot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had no idea who this guy was. The movie starts with him being a little kid who wants to play basketball. Well, there's a problem there. This movie is a total crap. It has little to no plot and a boring cast. I can't think of any scene that had any meaning to it. The guy looks like he has no personality. He looks like an over-aged guy that you would see in a kid's movie. He's a complete moron. There's also a character that has the same name. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the result of two years of work, with very little effort put into it.  It's an excuse for an old man to make a movie about his grandfather and his mother, and it's really boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only thing that really worked in this movie is the ending. It is not bad, but it is not good either.   It is a good idea, but like the rest of this movie it has no real purpose. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never been to the movie of this name. It is a very odd movie in many ways. First of all, this movie is about a group of guys who live together in a remote cabin in the woods. One night the three guys decide to sleep in a haystack. While sleeping, the three brothers (George, Jack and Dick) start to talk about their dreams of becoming famous musicians.  In the dream they go to a concert in a small town. In the middle of the concert is a girl named Dorothy who has a guitar. After the concert they decide to go back to the cabin and sleep in the haystack again.   It is here that the plot takes a turn for the weird. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As if the story of this movie was not bad enough, the movie is also full of bad acting. For instance, the main character (the protagonist of the movie) is a very arrogant and annoying character. The movie even makes fun of him in the first 20 minutes. The main character's girlfriend (who is not the main protagonist) is the one who is usually a good-hearted and good-humored person. The girlfriend is also the one that gets killed by the villain in the movie. The film is also very bad at showing violence and gore. The last 30 minutes are all CGI. There is no blood and gore whatsoever. It's all CGI that doesn't show any blood or gore at all. I found this movie very frustrating. I am not sure what happened in the last 30-40 minutes of the film, but the movie doesn't make any sense whatsoever.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The last 20 minutes were a long, pointless, boring, dull, uninteresting, boring film, so I'm going to give it a 1/10!  Not the worst of the series but definitely not worth watching, it's a shame too, it was great to watch as a kid, I wish they'd come out with more, I've seen every episode, even the ones that didn't include the main characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't like this one at all.   The story of this movie is a complete and utter joke.  It begins with a girl in a bikini who tries to take a shower. She doesn't know how to get in the shower so she sits on a rock and waits.  After a while, she realizes that she has to get out of the shower.  As she tries to get her head out of her water, a man with a big gun walks up to her.  He says that she needs to get into his pool to get cleaned up.  The girl says "No, that's not possible. I am only 15 years old."  The man says "I am older than you are! "  The woman says "What do you mean? I am old enough to take care of myself."  So the man pulls out his gun and shoots her in the head.  Then the guy comes in and says "Well, that was a close one.  That's a shame about that girl.  She was a real beauty."   It was an absolute joke. I found it really hard to believe that this was a movie.  This is the kind of stuff that a child would watch.  There was not a single scene that made me laugh.  I mean it's a movie about a girl who has to do her homework and she has a gun in her head!   A movie like this doesn't deserve to be released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty good movie. There's no actual action, but the story is very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. I don't understand why someone would make a movie like this. There are no jokes, no characters, and no tension.  I hate to give the movie such a low rating because I have nothing but respect for the director. It's hard to explain a movie so I'll try my best.    The movie is divided into three parts.  The first part is about an alien who has become bored with earth and decides to leave.  We follow him and the aliens in his ship as they land and travel around.  After several days, the aliens are in an area with a lake and a bunch of trees.  They decide to take a vacation to the forest and the movie goes from there.  In the forest they meet a couple of human beings and they tell the aliens about their history.  At the end of the movie, the humans tell the alien that they are ready to leave, but they still don't leave. The aliens decide to stay in the forest.  One day a man comes into the forest who tells them about the lake, but the aliens don't believe him.  Finally, the alien who was supposed to leave comes back and tells the humans that he is leaving.  But he has no money, so they decide to give him some money.  However, the money gets stolen by some people who are robbing a local bar.  So, the couple who gave the alien money decide to go in search of the aliens.  While they are looking for the aliens they come across a couple who are also looking for them.  And they tell them the story about the alien.  When the couple find the aliens and bring them back, they are surprised to find that the aliens have already left.  Later on, when the aliens get back, the woman who gave them money finds out that the money is gone.  It turns out that one of the people who robbed the bar got his money back.  She finds out the man who robbed her has disappeared.  Meanwhile, the man from the bar returns to the alien's ship to inform him about his brother who was also in the bar. But he does not know the man's name.  Soon, the human couple goes to find out the name of their brother and they are attacked by the same robbers.  What follows is a horrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second or third time that I've seen this movie. It is not bad but I'm not sure if I want to see this movie again.  The story is a bit convoluted.  It starts out with an astronaut and a space ship landing in the middle of a desert.  Then he gets to the center of the desert and meets a girl and they go to her village to find her husband.  She has a little boy and she tells him about a story that was told to her.  There are a couple of other people that are the same as the other two and they are all from different planets.  When the boy grows up he decides to be a scientist and go back to his home planet and help his parents find a cure for the disease that they were cured from.  He gets back and they all live happily ever after.  I don't know about the rest of the movie because I didn't want to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's not that the film is bad, it's just that the plot doesn't work. It's a remake of the 1984 film and there is very little difference. The characters, except for the mother who is a complete idiot, are identical to the original. The only difference is that the woman is a woman now and has become an alcoholic. The daughter is the only interesting character, though she is really stupid. It should be interesting to see how this daughter has grown up.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a little disappointed with this movie. I thought it was a great idea. It seems that the movie makers were having a laugh while making the film. They did a wonderful job in making a movie like this. But in the end it's just a bad piece of trash. If you have a problem with a movie with a very bad script and an awful movie director this movie might be the one for you. If it were not for the good script it would be a disaster. If I could give this movie 1 star I would.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film when I was a kid and I always thought that it was pretty bad. I don't think I was that old when it was made so maybe I was just too young to understand it. The movie was made in Japan and I don the subtitles and I can't understand a thing that's being said. I know that they wanted to make a film about a giant rabbit, but why would they make a rabbit who has no arms? And I'm sorry but I don,t like the idea of a rabbit with a rabbit's tail. I guess the Japanese had a good time making this movie, it's got a good script but nothing really happens and the ending is so weird. I would love to see the Japanese version, I would pay money to see a giant bunny with a giant human-like body. I wish that I could have seen this movie when I lived in Japan, it would have been fun to watch it with my family.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad that the whole thing is about a young man's search for his father who is missing.  The father is supposed to have disappeared from a job and is not heard from for a long time.    There is a good amount of violence, but there is no humor or a positive message.  The father was supposed to be the best person a young person could ever have.  I found it very sad and depressing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The biggest mistake I made in my life was buying this movie. I was going to see it for the first time because I love the director (John Carpenter) and the cast (Bruce Campbell, Rob Morrow, Bill Pullman). I thought I would enjoy it, but it is horrible. It is just a terrible movie and one that should never be seen by anyone. It takes the worst of the 80's action movies and combines them into a poorly done and completely awful movie. The story is just horrible. We get a little bit of an origin story, then we have a few chase scenes with the hero. Then we have to see him getting killed over and over. It never stops. I guess the director and the studio decided to mix the best parts of a couple of bad action movies. The movie doesn't work because there is no heart to it. The bad acting, the bad music, the horrible acting, horrible directing, the terrible acting, bad music. It just never stops! I'm sorry I bought this movie, but I really didn't have to!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a movie about a boy, who in his dreams is a beautiful woman. He is able to wake up from the dream and, with his friend's help, he goes to the school to find out who she is.  A really bad movie, even worse than the original film (which was bad, but a little less so).
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie was a real disappointment, it was like a cross between a kids tv show and a bad children's movie, it had no story line, no plot, no characters, and most importantly, no comedy. I really thought this would be an interesting movie but this was not the case, this was a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       The movie starts with a group of people in a car. Some people are talking. It's about a couple that are talking about how it is a shame to live in such a small place. And then the couple gets out of the car. One of the guys asks a girl out and she says yes. Then he asks her out. It is a bit funny. It seems that they are on the same level. But then she goes to the bathroom and gets some water. She comes back and says that it was all a bad dream. She wants him to come back to bed and they have sex. But that's not all. After a while he wakes up and they are gone. It ends with the couple in a small park. One is wearing a bikini. The other is wearing some white shorts and a t-shirt.  A couple of guys walk by and they talk. It appears that they may be friends. One says that he is gay. The guy that is wearing the bikini is watching the guys. He is a small man and has a large chest. The man in the t- shirt is very short and very thin. He seems to be gay and he looks like he could be a good swimmer. The guys decide to go for a swim. But there is a young man who is trying to get a girl to go with him. He runs off into a small pond. He does a great job of swimming. He manages to get into the water. The girl, who was watching, is shocked. He then grabs her and pulls her into the pond. It takes her a long time to get out of there. But she does. Then she runs off. The woman who is watching is crying and she wants to see what happened to her boyfriend.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had no idea what to expect from this movie.  I was expecting a cheesy '80s action movie. I got the cheesy action movie, but I don't like the cheesy acting in it.  It was kind of like the action scenes in Rambo: First Blood Part II, and even though I don' t like that movie, it was still fun.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was bad. The only good thing about this movie is that it is a tribute to the movie, the good parts are good, but the bad parts are not. It was a shame that it was made by a kid, because he could have made something good, like a good remake of a bad remake of an old film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought this was the first time that I would see a horror movie with a lot of violence. I thought it was going to be a lot more violent than it was. It's a movie that I just have to watch over and over again because the ending is just too good. I loved the fact that it wasn't just a bloodbath. It was a bloody, disgusting, gore filled, blood stained, nightmare. I'm not sure if this is going to make it onto the silver screen, but I highly recommend that you go and see this movie. It is a very good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie's title, "Happiness is a Warm Gun," makes it sound like a very pleasant gun to be used by the good guys. In fact, it's a rather crude and poorly-made gun that would only do what the good guy needs to do most of the time: shoot at bad guys.   This movie doesn't have much action, but what it does have is a lot of fun and it is a good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have seen in my life. I do not know what happened to the people in the movie. It's hard to tell. It is hard to believe that this is a movie. I was not able to get into it, at all. The acting was terrible. There was only one actor who did a decent job. The only thing that I enjoyed about it was that I got to watch a guy who played a character called "The Beast" for the first time. It was a good change of pace for the characters in the film. It took me out of the world I know.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was in high school and I didn't get to see this movie because my high school is now closed and my dad couldn't find anyone who could show him the movie. I think this movie should be banned because it is so disturbing and it is very hard to get into because it has some of the worst acting I have ever seen in a movie. The story is pretty lame but it gets even worse because the lead is a guy who dresses like a woman and goes to a women's restroom. I'm not even going to watch the movie because it's just not funny.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has so many problems, I have to say that I really hate this movie, and I think it's just bad. If you have any sense at all you will not like this movie. The main character, who is played by Sean Penn is played as an over the top idiot, he seems to be a bad role model. He has a little kid brother named David (he was played by Brian Dennehy in the movie) who is a little annoying and has a temper, but he is the one who gets the best part of the movie. Sean Penn makes the whole thing seem like a bad joke, and when you watch it with out a smile it's very hard to take. This movie is very poorly made, there is nothing funny about it at all, and it is not funny to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So I was thinking this would be a good idea to have a bunch of actors that are all not so hot...   The lead actor was very good...  What was even worse was when the girl from the first movie played the part of the female lead in this movie and she was horrible and made me cringe every time she was on screen!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know it was supposed to be a comedy, but what was supposed was the funniest movie ever made.  That doesn't mean it is the funnest, because there is nothing funny about it.    I'm not even going to go into the film's plot, because the story isn't funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. It was just so boring. The only reason I'm even giving it a 3 is because the ending made me cry. It made me think that maybe my dad did not love me very much. I hope he dies before he gets old enough to know he's not in love with me anymore.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was going to give this movie a low rating but I can't because the ending is so stupid. So what happens? The two lead characters are going to the mountains to have a picnic. They decide to go to the ski lodge, but the door is locked so they have to go through a series of doors and rooms to find it. They find the ski area, but there are no ski boots, so they go to find a man to help them. The man is a blind ski instructor. He has been teaching blind people how to ski for years, but now he can't teach them anymore because he's had a stroke. He's not wearing a helmet, so he ends up breaking his leg. The two leads decide to take the ski instructor down to the hospital so he can fix his leg, but then he's taken to the morgue and they find that he's dead. Then, a little while later, the lead actor says, "Oh, that's it. We're done. We've found out the meaning of life."   So it's all over, and the movie ends with them going to a ski resort for their last ski vacation ever.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible movie that is not very good. The movie takes place in the world of an old Japanese cartoon, where a bunch of girls live, and a new guy, named Shouya, who is a "magician" and is the only male member of the group, is always in trouble with the other girls. Shouma often gets in trouble by the other "magicians", and it is also his wish to win a girl as a "warrior" in the next battle. The rest of the movie is filled with stupid antics, and nothing much happens at all. The girl characters are annoying and I found them all very dull. There is no romance at all, and the only characters that are interesting are Shou and the little girl that helps him in his battles. I felt like the plot was just silly. I do not think this is a bad cartoon, but a movie, and not a very good one at that.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not that I dislike the story, it's not even that it's bad. It's just so very, very, so very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure why this movie is rated R.  There's nothing wrong with the acting in this movie, but I can't stand the writing.    This movie is so awful and poorly acted that you'd think the actors were actually playing a bad role.  And the writing is horrible.  If you like bad movies, you'll love this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love the movie. It has all the right elements of being a fun family adventure: lots of jokes, and lots of fun with the characters. And that's the way it should be: good characters, lots of laughs, and plenty of heart.   However, it does get a little tiresome after a while. The movie is set in a house where the whole family lives: the mother is a mother to three little girls and the father is a father to three sons. The parents are both very good fathers: they both love their children very much and spend time with them.   the movie opens with a flashback that introduces the kids: the oldest boy is named Johnny. He is 12 and lives with his parents: his mother is the kindest woman you will ever meet, she takes care of him, helps him with his homework, and tries to make him understand why he shouldn't go out into the cold at night. His father is quite a bit different: his father works for the state and his father is the one who decides when the boys will be allowed to go out at night: if he doesn't hear from his father within two hours of the hour, he will be sent back to his room. His mother, however, doesn't care about her children at all: her only concern is that they don't get enough to eat and to keep them warm. The only time she shows any affection for her sons is when they visit their father and he has them dress up for him and give him their toys.  , the older son is named Fred. He has his own room and is quite shy: he likes to read, draw, and watch TV. His mom has a job where she can earn some extra money: the whole time she's working, she spends most of her time at home with her kids, taking them to movies, and shopping for them. She has a very hard life. She is a single mother with three children to support and she works for a company that pays her very little money: she has to put food on the table for all three of her children.  The three kids are also very close to their parents. The oldest son is the most outgoing of the three, he loves to play games and is always laughing. He's the one with the most energy: he's always running around, talking to people, and doing whatever he can to make his parents happy. His sister is the quietest of the group. She
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film's only redeeming feature is that the story is well-written, with some clever twists and turns. The story is not a bad one, but the characters are uninteresting, the story doesn't seem to be telling a very original story, and the acting is all over the place. In addition, the ending doesn't really add much to the story. Overall, I just can't recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm sorry, but this movie is an absolute mess. It's about a guy who's going to marry his best friend's wife and get a dog.   The movie was filmed in a hotel.  I think it's called a "Hotel in the Sky."   It's so bad, I'm going to be disappointed to hear it was nominated for a "BEST OF" award.  It was shot in the early 70's.  The actors who played the characters looked like they were about 12 or 13 years old.  One of the actors was a child who looked like he could have been a little girl.  This is why I don't think kids today can act the way they did in this movie.      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can't help but wonder what happened to the original concept of the film. The idea was that two young lovers, a teenager and an old lady who lives alone, find themselves in the midst of an alien invasion. I would imagine that at the time, aliens were considered to be the scariest things in the universe and a lot of people would have been terrified by this film.     The aliens have the ability to change their appearance, appearance is the main factor in the alien invasion, which is why the aliens were able to sneak in to Earth and cause such terror.   In a rather humorous scene, we see the two old ladies trying to escape from the aliens. They don't seem to be able to fly very well and so are forced to take refuge in a small ship that is parked in a nearby garage.    I was expecting some kind of horror film that would give us some kind and intense monster and the film didn't deliver on that front. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is an ugly little piece of crap with a laughable plot and even less acting.  Even the director is embarrassed by the fact that he could not get the screenplay right, and he certainly does not get it right.    The story follows a girl who has been married off to a man, and when her husband dies, she flees to Mexico with her young son.  The woman's son is captured by a band of guerrillas who want to marry him off to an older man.  This is a terrible film, and it shows. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had a hard time watching this. It was about a woman who finds out her husband is cheating on her and the wife's sister. The wife, who is a very nice and very sweet woman, is trying to help the sister, who has lost a lot of weight and is in a bad place. The sister is the one who is going to take care of the sister.   The sister wants to have an affair with a guy who is in his mid-forties, who she has a crush on. The husband finds out about it, and tries to do something about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      I watched this movie because it was being advertised on tv. I didn't care about the movie or the actor or the writer or the director.   The movie was pretty much all the same: a man, he is an alcoholic, gets shot by the police and dies. I found it so boring. I guess I didn' like this movie becaus it is a boring movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was really excited for this movie, since I like zombie movies. But I'm really disappointed because it really isn't any good at all. The film is all about the survivors. And they are just as bad as the zombies. The actors are not that great either. I mean, they can't really act, and their lines are all too short. The ending just makes no sense, and I'm pretty sure that they just made it up to make the movie a little more interesting.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm going to start with the bad, the movie is a big bore.   The movie takes place in the year 2065, the year the robot uprising took place. The robots had won their first victory, they now controlled a large part of the world and were the best armed and most well equipped army on earth. The bad part is that they're not just robots. They're machines that have human emotions and feelings. This is a major turn off to me, robots that don't have feelings or a soul is something I can't stand. The movie also has some major flaws that I can only describe as "cliche" at this point. The main plot line is to have the robots take over Earth and enslave humans. Of course, this doesn't work out and the humans come together to stop the robots.  : ) This movie isn't worth watching and the only good thing about it is that there are robots in it. The whole thing is just too predictable and not fun to watch.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an incredibly bad movie. I know this movie has a good ending, but it's a bad ending, a bad scene, a terrible director, and a bad script. I don't think the writers had the audacity to try to make the movie good. It is a terrible movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. There are so many awful jokes in this movie. I really don't think there is any reason to have a guy named "Frank" living in a trailer. And the trailer is not even that funny. Also the song by the same name is pretty much a song about how awful things are.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is terrible. It has some cool looking robots, and some cool shots, but it's just too cheesy and too bad. The bad guy looks like he could be from the future, and the bad ending is just too much to bear. This is the kind of movie that should be forgotten.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a good movie.  I found myself wishing for the actors to leave, and not a single thing that happens in this movie is funny.  Posted by Mark Harris at 6:37 AM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a mediocre movie. It has no plot, no characters, no real emotions and no real action.  The only thing that really works is the voice of the main character.  The plot:   The film starts off with a group of young men (which is a bad thing) and an old lady.   It is clear that they are in a situation with no clear direction and no clear objective.  In the midst of their adventure, they find a strange, yet mysterious woman. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of time is wasted on pointless characters that are the reason for the movie's low rating.  We have two female leads who are constantly at each other's throats, with their relationship deteriorating.    This is a movie that I could enjoy, but there are some scenes I found annoying.    First of all, there is a great deal of unnecessary CGI that just seems to add to the movie.  And the movie is really badly written.  I can understand the premise of the movie, but the story is just plain awful.  The movie is not bad, but I don't think it should be on the big screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. There are only two actors who give their best performances and it is one stupid thing after another. I would never recommend this movie to anyone. It is a very stupid, boring movie with an extremely bad acting.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a very good movie, and a really funny one.   It is based on the life of John Wayne and features many actors, including a very young and talented one. The movie has been a success for many years and has made John Wayne a very wealthy man.  The movie is not very good, and I do not mean that in a bad way.  I do mean that it is not that great.  There are a lot of good jokes in this movie, but they are not very funny.  It also has some very good action scenes.  John Wayne has had a lot to say about his career, so he says that the movie is an attempt to show that he was a good actor and a good guy.  He did not get the credit that he deserved.  Overall, this is a fun movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The bad:  If you liked "The Last Airbender" or "Fantastic Four", this movie is going to be just like that one.   I think it was supposed to be a comedy.  I mean the first half is a comedy, and it's funny.  It's a good movie to see when you are bored and need to laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have ever seen.  If you have ever watched a terrible movie (not just one with horrible special effects) then you will know why this is such a bad film.    The movie is a bad rip off of the movie "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory" and there is not much that is original about this film. "Wonka" was a movie about a kid who was sent to a candy factory by his mother in order to help her with some household chores and also so she could pay for some of the chocolate that she liked.      What made the movie so good is the cast.  I always liked the characters from the movie and the director (George Melies) always made the actors look like real people.  He was also the first person to really try to make the movie look like an actual movie instead of just an awful horror movie.  It has no plot and is just a bunch of terrible special effects that look like a bunch that went to an amusement park and made a terrible horror movie with all the horrible special effect.  In fact the special effects in this film are so bad that even when you get into the movie you are not sure what is going on.  The film also has a very long runtime and you can not get out of the theater without feeling sick.  Even if you are sick, you still have to sit through this film and hope that the special effect are not even that bad.  If you have never seen a bad horror movie then you should not even watch this film unless you like bad horror movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot is just a load of crap and I couldn't care less.   If you have any taste for cinema at all this is a bad film that will bore you to death. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad sequel to a bad first film.   A group of thugs are hired to murder a wealthy landowner's son.  The son is killed and his body is dismembered.      The son's mother is murdered, and his brother is taken into custody.              This is the same director who made the awful The Killer and The Killer in Paradise, which were pretty terrible movies as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an odd movie. The movie takes place over a year in the life of a young man who is being trained by a woman (Lola) who is trying to get rid of him. The film does not really follow that plan. We get a lot of talking and no action. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just a stupid, cheap, boring, low budget horror film. It doesn't even come close to matching the low budget, low quality, terrible special effects of its predecessor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The main character is a complete dick and the movie is a huge waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of the movie is "In the Realm of the Senses" which sounds cool but it is not. The plot is a long one but it never reaches the end. There is no story in the movie but instead it focuses on the visuals. It is a horrible movie but I guess it is the director's way to express the feeling of life in a very bizarre way.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you love the "Jaws" movies as much as I do then you have to give this one a try.   The only thing that bothers me about this film is that the shark has a voice!   That's not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible!  It was funny, it was sad, it had a great cast and it wasn't over until the credits rolled! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  this is an awful movie.  I hate it.    It's the worst movie I have ever seen.  I'm not sure what else to say about it.   The story starts off fine.  It's about a boy who was born with a rare disease that causes him to grow up to be a giant.  He ends up in the city of Rome where he meets a pretty girl who's also been born with this condition.  The story goes a little like this:   The girl and the boy get married,   and have a son.  Then they get divorced and the girl leaves the boy.  But he has no way of contacting her.  This is a problem.  She leaves him a letter.  We find out that she's been in a car accident.  There are several other things in the letter that are confusing.    There are a couple of pages that don't make any sense.  At one point the girl tells him that she loves him.  Another time she says she has been thinking of leaving him for a while.  After reading through the letter a few times I just couldn't figure out how the girl would ever leave the boy and then the next sentence she says "But I am going to make it up to you by marrying you."   I think the girl really wants to get married.  And I can see how a person could come to the conclusion that she is only leaving him because he is in love with her.     It doesn't help that the story doesn't really go anywhere.  One of the most ridiculous things is when the kid goes to a museum and tries to give his father a dinosaur egg.  "Dad!  I found this dinosaur egg!"   This has nothing to do with anything in the story.  They are just trying to get the father to come and see this dinosaur.  What a waste of time.  These people are so stupid.  To me this movie is like the people in the film "Sesame Street" trying to teach you about dinosaurs.  Not only are they going to teach us how they lived,  they are going to give us a lesson on how to get a dinosaur in Rome.  In the end I don't think it makes much sense. I can't even imagine how these people came to this conclusion.  Why would they have the boy try to give this to his father?  I
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am sure the title says it all. It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It has all the elements of a bad film: bad acting, bad music, bad editing, bad story, bad special effects. The worst part about this film is that it takes you out of the world of the real.   This movie is one-dimensional and very predictable.  This film is not about anything interesting at all. There are no characters, no dialogue, no plot, no characters to care about, nothing to do and a very flat, boring, boring plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   "The way they do it in this movie, like a lot of the movies on the list, it's a combination of the bad and the good. It's a very good horror movie with an interesting premise, but the movie is so cheesy and bad that it's really not worth watching at all. The worst part is when they say in the opening, "The horror movies are back and this time it's gonna be worse than ever". I can't believe it was made in 1995. There are no scares in this one. It has no scary scenes and the characters don't even have the decency to be scared. I think it's about as good as a "Horror Movie" can get. "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very stupid movie and the director must be a moron as well.  It starts off in a bar with a bunch of kids that are in a brawl.  The kids all fall off a roof to their deaths and are buried in a hole in the ground.   The next day the kids are found on a train which is being pulled by an old lady.  She says that her husband left them a house that is full of treasures.  Then we are shown that the house is in the middle of nowhere.  When the kids come back to life the old lady tells them they are going to the world of the dead.  There are ghosts there, ghosts of dead people who have died long ago.  They are talking about a book called "Ghosts of New York".   They ask the kids to find the book.  I can only assume they mean "ghosts of old people".  The movie gets sillier as it goes on.  We see a man that is dead, that was a rich man, he had all of his money, but then he was killed by a drunk driver.  He is being wheeled through the streets of the town.  And then we see him die again.  These are just the first two ghosts in the movie.  Later we see a group of kids trying to find a way home.  What they find is a house full of ghosts.  So they have to stay in a house made of mirrors and watch the ghosts. This is the last scene of the movie so far.  After this the movie goes on a journey to the "world of the ghosts".  There is a man who is a ghost who is trying to go to his wife.  But he has to go through a portal.  At one point the man who was a ghost gets caught up in a fire, which is how he ended up on this world.  Anyway we see the man in the portal with a kid who he says is his son.  This kid has a dog.  Now he is talking to his son and talking to a ghost.  A ghost that is a young man.  Again we see another kid and a ghost that looks like a man.   After this we are finally back in the bar with the other kids.  They go back to the house to see what has happened to their parents.  Their parents are still alive but now they have lost their memories.  One
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was not expecting this movie. I was expecting the next movie from the guy who made the last one. I really like this guy. The movie has the typical action scene. The bad guy kills some kids. The kids kill the bad guy. So you have that. There is a long story that I am not sure if I remember right. The good guys kill the villain and the bad guys are defeated. The kid in the red hood is in prison for a few years.   Posted by Eric at 3:30 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an exercise in bad acting, terrible editing, and bad acting by a bad actor.  As with all of his other movies, he was so over-excited and over-the-top that he seemed to be out of his mind.    He was also supposed to be an actor and he was the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm glad that this movie is available on YouTube.   It is a pretty decent movie that is not very good.  The story is about a father and his son who live together.  In a freak accident the son falls in a ravine and has to be rescued by a friend.  There is no explanation of what happened except that a woman is buried in the ravine.  I would say that the film is a good enough one.  It has a good storyline and good acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The acting in this movie was absolutely horrendous.   I can't believe anyone would waste this much time in a movie like this.  It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful.  It's like a bad episode of the bad tv show "Scooby Doo" and it should never have been made.  You can tell the writers have not seen a good movie since the 80s.  If this movie made it's way to the big screen I'd be ashamed to see it.  This is the worst movie I've ever seen in my life.  The only redeeming feature is the fact that the director, Brian Tompkins, seems to be very good friends with the original cast.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "My brother is a moron and a loser. I guess he likes to make people laugh but he does not like to listen to anyone else." I didn't like this movie. It's not bad, but it's not good either. The movie is about a woman who's been divorced for 6 years. The wife has a new husband and they have a good time. Then one night the wife gets a call saying that the husband has gone out on a drinking binge. They both go to the hospital and he dies. The next morning the wife is having trouble getting up. The doctor says it's a heart attack. She doesn't have a pulse. The husband's widow goes to the funeral and she sees a man dressed in a doctor's uniform. The woman says to her: "What is this?" "Doctor," the man replies. "I'm Dr. Richard." The widow looks at him and says: "I don't know who you are." "Doctor?" The doctor replies. The widow says: "…I don' know." The doctor asks: "Do you have any family?" "Yes, my brother," the widow replies. Dr. Rich answers: "Is he a moronic?" "No, he's a brilliant man," the wife replies. They're in a car when they see a strange man in the middle of the road. Dr Rich gets out and says to the woman: "How do you like my little bird?" "I like him a lot," the woman replies. Then she turns around and sees a very tall man with a big mustache. "Is that your brother?" she asks. "He is my brother and he's here to help me," the tall man says. Dr Richard Rich looks at the woman and says "If you'll come with me to the next room, I'll take you to see him." He takes her to the morgue and they see him dead. The man's wife comes out to the car and says it was just a bad dream. She leaves the car. The first thing I thought was, "The woman just made a terrible mistake." Then I thought: "It's not a bad film. It just has no plot." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am not sure why the producers would spend so much money on a movie that is only memorable because of the name of the star.   This is a movie about a girl who was born without arms.  She tries to get the help of a teacher and she gets a little help from a neighbor who can see her.  The girl grows up to be a good girl and she finds that she can get the job of helping the teacher.  But there are some problems with this movie: 1.  If you are not familiar with the movie you will not understand the plot.  It starts out with a little girl who grows up and does not have arms. 2.  There are no real arms in this movie.  This movie does not really take off from a bad start. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a disappointment.  This movie is a mess, a mess of a movie that just goes on and on, with no conclusion, no end, and no beginning.    If this is the end, I don't even want to think about the beginning.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a terrible movie and I would not recommend this to anyone at all.   If you do not like horror movies then you have been warned.  The acting is terrible.  A bunch of actors try to act the part of a guy who has gone crazy and kills people.  It does not help that they are all completely retarded.  One of them even says "Oh yeah, I killed people" and it's a horrible thing to say.  I don't think this movie was even shot in the United States.  There is absolutely no logic to the plot and it doesn't seem to be trying to make sense.  As for the acting, there is not a single person in this movie that you would want to be around.  Even the cameraman is terrible and doesn't know how to film.  This movie is a joke and is not worth a second of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot of the film is pretty lame, I mean I guess the main character is supposed to be a psychic but the only thing that is shown is him seeing a little girl with a hole in her heart. I don't think it is that hard to imagine that she is supposed see her dead parents. The rest is just a bunch of bad acting, bad music, and an over the top ending.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a guy named Chris who goes on a trip to an island and is then captured by the islanders and forced to watch their movies. The bad movies are not even bad. They are just terrible. The movie is only good if you like bad movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really bad, and the acting is atrocious.  The plot is just a bunch of people running from some kind of evil force in the woods.   But when the group arrives at the place where the force is, they find... something else.  The plot is nothing but a bunch o' people running around trying to escape the woods with the help of a bunch  of  monsters.  This movie does not make me want to run out and buy a book of fairy tales and read them to my daughter. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last third of this movie was not a very good movie. There were some good performances in it, but they were overshadowed by the bad acting. The acting was a mess.   This movie made me want to kill the director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The ending was bad. The first half of the movie, it is a nice movie, but the second half is really bad.  I hate that it has been re-released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really liked this movie.  It has a nice story, with a great cast.    I think the film could have been a little bit better.    The ending is kind of cheesy, but it is the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not looking forward to watching this one, but I was very disappointed.  The plot, characters, and dialogue were all just too boring to me.    I didn't like the lead character at all, and I was disappointed to learn the movie is based on a book.  I would have thought that a book would have at least gotten the plot to be interesting, but the author, Richard Morgan, doesn't seem to have a clue as to how to write a story.      The acting is really bad, and the movie would have been much better if it had been shot on film.  It is just too bad that this movie was not filmed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The biggest problem with this movie is the fact that it has to be set in the future and that the future is still in the 1970's. It would be much better if the story took place in a world where time travel was common and a group of astronauts were still getting ready to set out for a mission to Mars. There would be no time travel involved in this movie because the crew has already been to Mars before and is already familiar with it. I think the movie would be more enjoyable if the astronauts would have been a bit more daring and a bit smarter than they were in this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is just a sad excuse for a comedy. It's a good laugh, but it's not that great. It has a few funny moments, but the majority of it is a very dry, boring, and pointless comedy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made to cash in on the popularity of the original Star Trek, and was not at all successful at that. The cast was terrible, the sets were horrible, and the special effects were laughable. It is just not worth your time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the idea of a man taking a gun to a school and blowing people up, then this is for you.  It's not a bad film by any means, but it's not the movie it pretends to be.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a big fan of the "Doom" movies, but I've always liked the Hellraiser series.  They were a bit weird, but they were fun.    It was the "Dracula" series that I really hated.  It wasn't even a bad film, it just sucked.  The character was so annoying.  He was the bad guy, and you never cared that he was a bad guy.  His girlfriend was also annoying.    I didn't care about her either.  I don't think the movie was bad, but it was not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this movie was in a film festival and I didn't think much of it. The second time I watched it I found it much more enjoyable than I had before.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    - The film is terrible.   It has a bad story and a bad acting.  The acting is bad and the story is terrible, but it's not the worst movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is stupid, the characters are silly, the jokes are stupid, and the action is silly. There are no jokes, no characters, and only a stupid plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say I hated this movie. The acting was awful, the story was stupid and the directing was terrible. I mean, I'm no great fan of the director, but this is a really bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible, and the story is about a guy who finds a map that says 'The world is a dream'.  I have a feeling that the producers did not get the map that came with the movie, or they used an older map.  This is one of those "fairy-tale" stories. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's bad.  But it is an old school, bad boy film, so there are certain aspects of the movie that are charming, and some that are downright charming.  For instance, there is the character of the young Henry, who is an intelligent, charming and sarcastic character who does not know that he is in a bad boy movie.    He does a great job of making the audience laugh at the wrong things at the right times, and he does a good job of not being a total douchebag.  The plot is nothing special.  There is a good villain, but it is mostly a bad guy in disguise.  It is very bad, but there are a few moments of comedy.  Overall, this is not a bad film, but I really wish that someone had made a good remake of this classic, and not one of those "I just got lucky" kind of remakes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The acting was all over the place, the story is a joke, the action is so bad, the plot is ridiculous, the cinematography is awful, and the soundtrack is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a real let down. I can't believe how much I like this movie. I like to see a couple in bed together. I don't like to think about sex, but I do. This movie is about a couple that is getting ready to have sex. They get into bed and they don't do anything. The next morning they're in bed and I'm thinking "Why did we have sex today?" It's not like they did anything at all. The two of them are lying there, in bed, and they just talk about their problems and the problems they had the day before. I would have liked to see them do something. It's so stupid and awful that I couldn't watch it again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing that kept this movie from being an abomination was the fact that it was shot on film.   It is like the last moments of an old fashioned horror movie with all the old cliches like a creepy old couple with a kid, a big monster, a haunted house, and the whole time the camera stays on the camera. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The badness of the movie is so bad it is like watching a child's cartoon.   A man walks into a bar and drinks a beer. The woman comes out and starts talking about how good the beer is. She starts saying she likes the way it tastes, and then she goes on to say she doesn't really like the beer. Then the guy comes in and says that they can make a better beer out of a cow.  The woman then says she doesn`t want to eat the cow, but she says she will go down on it anyway.  It doesn` t matter what the woman says, the man is still going to get it in the butt.  After that, the cow gets kicked and the woman goes on about how it tasted good.  Then the movie ends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film follows the story of a young man who, in the 1960s, is a drug addict. He is given a job as a "feral" exterminator.    This is a terrible film. I really liked it. It has some good ideas.  It is also the first film I have seen with a female lead. It is about a man and a woman who are in a relationship. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A boring movie.  I mean, the movie is pretty boring, but the acting was not great.    This movie is supposed to be about a couple in a car that crash, and they both live, but it just seems like it's about a guy who gets kidnapped by a girl who was kidnapped by the bad guys, and then a bad guy kidnaps the guy's daughter.  It was like watching a bad soap opera.  The bad guys all look like they are from the old west, but there were no guns in this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It seems like there is always a sequel to a movie:   "I'm gonna put this on record: I hate the idea of sequels. I hate it so much. I don't like the idea. I'm not a sequel person. I think it's a very bad idea to put your whole second movie back on the shelf and to say, "Well, what if I did this and that?" You don't. You do the same thing, over and over. You make a sequel. It's a stupid sequel. You can't take anything from it. You're just making a sequel that doesn't work. It was like watching somebody else make a bad film."   I am always amazed at how much effort is put into making sequels of bad films. If they were all bad films, then I would not be a fan of bad movies. There are some great sequels out there, however, so I do not find the idea to be all that bad. In the first film, I would say that "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" is a good movie. It is just a poor sequel.   One thing I can't understand is why the first movie was not released in theaters? The movie is excellent. It should have been released. That would have been the greatest sequel in the history of bad sequels.  .
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A poorly made movie about a poor little kid who's a little kid with a lot of problems, like he's a fat little kid and his mother has a problem with her weight, but we'll get to that. I'd like to think that I was a little bit wiser and a little more critical when I was six than I was when I watched this.   I thought the kid was going to get his arm blown off, like I do with a movie called "The Last Samurai".   This is an "action" film, and a pretty low-budget one at that, but it's not a good one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half is the worst. It's a long sequence of characters walking along a street, talking, and getting into fights. There's a bit of a plot to it, but it doesn't develop. It feels very scripted and like the writer was trying to write something that would be an interesting idea to watch, but nothing much happens. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an absolute trainwreck of a movie.  It has some very creative visuals, but there is little to recommend it.    If you are not sick of a bad idea like a "ghost in the machine" movie, then this will definitely not satisfy you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie was a little lame and the ending was very disappointing. The story line is pretty good but the acting was not that good. I would not recommend this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a terrible film. I watched this on a bus home from work. It was like a cross between a horror film and a science fiction film. A bunch of people have a strange experiment going on in a basement. It involves some people being killed by electricity. It's not a particularly good movie. There were many moments when I wanted to laugh out loud. And I also felt like I was being held hostage by this crazy person. It is so hard to watch something like this. The story is so bizarre that you just want to scream, "Why are you making these stupid movies? It's so stupid! I'm going to be sick! I want to throw up!" But you can't because there is nothing to laugh about.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really liked this movie, but it wasn't bad at all. The cast did a good job of acting, especially with their accents. The film is about a young woman who is getting ready to leave a man who has a very unhealthy and dangerous lifestyle. She gets pregnant. The husband wants to see the baby every two weeks. This means that the baby must stay with him all the time. If the husband doesn't come, the baby will be taken from her.  The film does not seem to have much of a plot. There is a very vague and very short description of the life of a man and a woman and the story is mostly about them. The only interesting part of the film is the father and the mother.  I liked the movie, and I am sure that there are many more things that I could say about it, but this review is long enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie sucks.  The ending is stupid and unnecessary, the plot is stupid, and the acting is stupid.  This movie will take you out of your seat and leave you wanting more.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this is a bad flick and should be shown in a dark theater.  This is a poorly written film that lacks the creativity of the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a terrible movie. The story is a piece of shit that I could care less about.   The only reason why I can enjoy this movie is because of the stupid character design and the bad acting.  The first 15 minutes are nothing special. I'm not even going to go into it.  The story basically tells the story of a guy who is trying to get to the end of the movie without being beaten. The first act of the film is a mess of a movie. I can't really say why I enjoyed the film so much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is not very good, there are many things which are just wrong about this movie: - The music is awful, the singer does not sing well, the rest of the band is bad, there is also a poor acting, especially the guy who is supposed to be the lead singer, he is not the lead in this movie at all. The whole movie is just stupid, and stupid is bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The worst movie in my life.    This movie has absolutely no plot.  It just has a bunch of characters, a bunch a horrible things happening to them, and then the movie is over.  This movie is one long, horrible dream.  I could not stop laughing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In a nutshell: This movie is a horror-comedy that was shot at night with the lights off, and the film is made of black-and-white still photos. The images of the victims are blurred and the victims can barely be seen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the worst movie ever. The plot of this movie is to get a woman pregnant so that the parents can move in together. This is not funny at all. The movie is a nightmare with stupid lines like, "You'll see the best part of your life, when your baby comes out and it has a mouth full of sharp teeth." Then it goes on and on like that, just boring. The director of this film was the guy who did The Grudge. I think he has a similar look to John Travolta, just more skin.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this movie, it was the day after Halloween and I found it to be a bit of a mess.  I guess that is to be expected with a film made by a guy who made his name in the late 70's with a low budget sci fi horror.  After watching the trailer, I thought it would be a good horror film and I was wrong.    I found the acting to be terrible, with the lead actor playing the role of a serial killer.  He had a bad voice, and when the movie ended, the only thing that was left was a horrible laugh.  It was not a very good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the film, a group of astronauts land on the surface of Mars and are quickly surrounded by an army of monsters. In a desperate attempt to save his friends, they must face these monsters in the middle of a desert and use their guns to stop them from destroying all of humanity. The plot is pretty generic and the movie is not very good. There are some cool shots and the ending was cool but not very scary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 20 minutes are good, I thought, but after that it becomes obvious that this movie is a poorly done, stupid movie, it's not just a bad film, it is a piece of crap.  If you like to see a lot of badness you might enjoy it, but if you like good movies this one is not for you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've always hated the movie that was directed by Peter Weir, the movie was a mess of bad acting, bad script, and a very poor director. The movie was so bad that it's like watching a kid throw a temper tantrum. It took about 3 minutes for this movie to take a turn for the worse. The lead actor played by Peter O'Toole looked like he was wearing a pair of dirty underpants. This kid is not only a failure actor, he was terrible at playing the role. I have never seen a kid look like that. I could not believe this movie when I saw it. I would have to say that if you are watching a movie to get away from it's badness then this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am giving this movie 1 out of 5 stars because the first half is very good, and the second half is even better.   If you are a fan of the old, classic "Star Wars" films, you should be watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is pretty bad.   I am pretty sure that the first half of the movie is not supposed to be scary, the monsters are supposed to seem like ordinary people.  And I'm pretty sure the movie was supposed to go back to the opening where the characters first find out they are monsters, they are then led through a cave to a giant monster's lair.  The monster is supposed to look like the "Frankensteins" in the old monster movies.  There is a lot of stuff in the movie that doesn't make sense, the monster's mouth is open, his eyes are closed, and the mouth has no teeth.  I'm not sure if the monster is dead or just sleeping, but he seems to be a bit bigger than the "freak show" the characters are going on, but that's just a guess.  When the monsters wake up, they take off their clothes, which is very odd.  Then, they attack the characters with weapons that look like axes.  But the movie gets really weird.  They are all put in a pool of water, where they all float to the bottom.  Only one of them gets out.  It seems that the monster has made a deal with the demon of the pool.  That's what I mean when I say that the movie doesn't seem to have a beginning, a middle, or an end.  At one point, the characters come across a giant black hole.  This is supposed be a good thing, I guess.    I just can't stand the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The bad part of this movie is that we are left with an ending that makes absolutely no sense. It ends by saying that there will be a sequel. The bad thing about the sequel is that the first movie is just as good and the sequel does not improve upon the first one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you can't take a good movie seriously and have to watch it just for the laugh then you are in for a bad time.   I found it extremely annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a classic bad movie. The writing is terrible.  The movie has a lot of plot holes.        I would have been better off watching this movie with a friend than I am by myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first part is a nice, if forgettable, adventure in a creepy house, but after that it's downhill. There's nothing new about this story: a man has a nightmare, and then wakes up in a strange place. We get a little glimpse of the other characters (including a very creepy girl) and then we're back in the man's room, where we're told that the man has had a terrible nightmare: "He has a horrible dream, a terrible dream." And then he has a dream, and it's exactly the same nightmare. This is the story of how he's been living the nightmare since the first time he heard a scream. It's like a horror movie that's been filmed on video. The rest of the movie is a repeat of the first half, with one exception: the creepy girl. This girl is played by the same actress from the first film, and she's even more disturbing here. I'm not sure why the producers thought it was a good idea to put this girl in this movie; she looks like she's in a bad Twilight Zone episode. It isn't as though she's really trying to kill the man, but she's still scary, and not in a good way. There are several other creepy scenes, and one of them has to be seen to be believed: What the hell is that?  There are several reasons this movie is so bad. The worst reason of all is that it was made to promote a video game. The game was, in fact, very similar to the first movie, except that it featured a very different story. This game is called The Curse of Monkey Island, and it was actually a fairly good game. However, since the movie was intended to promote the game, there are a lot of terrible jokes in the movie. One of the worst jokes involves the hero's wife, who is played in the film by the actress from this movie. I don't even want to describe her in detail, but her hair is long, her skin is wrinkled, and her lips are puckered. She has an evil grin on her face, and the best part is that she can scream and make people run around the room with her, making the entire room move around. I won't spoil it for you, but I do want to warn you: if you don't like the idea of a woman who can scream, then I don' t know what to tell you. She is
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is the worst film I have ever seen.   This is one of the worst movies ever made.  It was directed by the man who made the "Willy Wonka" movie and it was written by the same guy who made "Wonka".   I was hoping for a good story but this film was filled with so much bad jokes.  There were no jokes. It was just boring and horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As I read the synopsis for this movie it was pretty much exactly what I thought it would be. The movie follows a group of people, a boy and his sister, on a fishing trip when they get caught up in a monster attack. The monsters, called The Green Ghosts, are like ghosts in a movie, and they are out to get them. It is not the worst monster movie I have ever seen, but it is definitely a movie that has little to offer, and it has the unfortunate reputation of being a very old movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big fan of the original, but this remake is just plain terrible.  The movie is a remake of the 1983 classic, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and I've seen it a few times over the years.    This movie is just a remake, but not one of the good kind.  I really wish they had stuck to the original story and left the "scary" stuff out.  This is a story about the Christmas Carols, and it is a poor movie.  It's about a little girl who has a dream about a flying turkey, and is transformed into a bird.  What's more, the movie makes fun of the kids who watched the original Christmas Carol as a child.  The movie is very much like the original:   - The ending is horrible.  - There is a Christmas Carol in the middle of the movie, but the movie never mentions it, and I'm pretty sure it's not in the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A little boring and predictable.   This is a good movie, but you are supposed to be laughing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is not a good movie. I don't know why this is not in the top 3 best movie ever made. It is a really bad movie and not a very good one at that.   I don't even know what to say about this one. I have watched this one so many times and it is never the same movie.  It is a movie about an Indian guy named Nijar who goes to a place called 'Moksa' for a spiritual journey. He has no idea that the place is a prison for people who have been found guilty of witchcraft and sorcery. After many trials and tribulations, he is released from Moksa and is sent to live with his mother, who he falls in love with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie on the big screen and I enjoyed it, but it is an old school action movie with lots of good action and a bit of comedy, and it's just the right amount of crazy and insanity to make it worth the time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The original title of this movie is "My Mom's Dog", but in my opinion, this movie can't even be called a movie.   It's basically just a bunch of teenagers who are bored, so they do whatever it is they do, which is to drive a car around and chase it around a bunch more, which does not really accomplish much.  They chase it through a parking lot and then they drive off to the next movie, which was "Fright Night" (another one of those horror movies that seem to be coming out every other week).    They're chased around again in a theater, but this time they're chased by a bunch  of children (all of them of course wearing clown costumes).  That's about it.      I mean, this is a movie that is only there to get people to buy the merchandise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this film when I was about 8. My parents went to a movie on the big screen when I wasn't home. I was fascinated by the film, which is very much like a Western with the same general idea. There is a lot of shooting and not very much dialogue. I would love to know if there is a follow-up to this film, although I was only interested in the original.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is about a little girl named Sophie who is having a very hard time of it. The little girl is a witch and has to learn to be a good witch to protect her town from the evil witch of the forest, who is trying to steal her soul. The only way she can do this is by getting rid of the evil witches and the evil forest which includes the evil fairy of the woods.   This is a very bad movie. It is very long and has a lot of bad acting. The music is not that great and the acting is very bad. I would give it a 3 out of 10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would say this is one of the worst films I have seen, but this film is actually quite good.  The story is about a group of people who decide to rob a bank in a small village in the middle of nowhere in Austria.  The bank is guarded by an elderly man who is armed with a huge gun that fires a large amount of bullets.  But the problem is that he has only one bullet.  They steal a bunch of banknotes and head out.   The robbery goes fine until the bank owner decides to go back into hiding.  So, the thieves decide to drive off and hide.  When they do, they decide to kill him and steal all his money.  This is when things get interesting.  It turns out that the bankowner has a young girl who is not his daughter.  In fact, she is his granddaughter.  And she is a witch.  There is a great deal of blood and violence in this movie.  Some people might find it funny to see people in the woods trying to murder people with spears, but I found it disgusting.  Even though the movie has some of the most bloodiest violence I have ever seen, it is still enjoyable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is terrible!   The story is boring and the dialogue is just too loud.   I was expecting a movie that could be seen by my 8 year old daughter, instead it was the most awful movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie I have seen. The acting is bad. I had to turn off my tv after the first 10 minutes.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is basically a remake of the 1970 cult classic, The Exorcist. The movie has an almost "boring" feel to it, with some good performances by both the leads and a pretty good script.   One of the worst movies I've seen in years, with terrible acting and bad special effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had a really hard time watching this movie.   The movie opens with an ominous music and some creepy shots.  The next scene is of a woman (Jane Fonda) and her lover, who are being attacked by a dog.  They both are covered with blood and the woman is screaming.  It's an amazing performance.  This is also where Fonda says "it's only a movie".   This scene was supposed to be an emotional one, but I was so tired I just wanted to shut it off.  I also found it funny how the dog's owner (who is played by a young Jimmie Walker) is also a dog and is also wearing a dog costume.  Fonda's performance was great, but she was not that great.  Some of the dialogue is cheesy and not really funny.  A lot of people think that this is an amazing movie, but it is really not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've always liked the movies that come out of this movie studio, and this one was no exception. The movie stars the likes of Kevin Spacey and James Cromwell, but it's not like the movie is any good. The story is about a couple who are going to have a baby, and it's basically a cheesy, poorly written movie with bad acting and bad writing. The writing is so bad that it makes me wonder if they read anything for that long, and if so, they had no idea what they were doing. The plot is lame and predictable, but the acting and directing are still pretty good. I don't think the actors were particularly good, but they had a good time and got a couple of laughs out of the scene. If you have to watch a movie with Spacey, Cromwell and Spacey acting, you're in trouble.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a good one. It's just not a very good movie.  There's a story about a young woman, a nurse named Sara, who gets caught up in a love triangle.   The movie has an interesting plot line.  This movie is all about love, passion, and romance.  But there's no chemistry between the two leads.  There are times where Sara looks at a woman, only to see the woman look at Sara.  It's like two people who want to be with each other but can't, or can't.  I guess the story isn't the biggest problem.  The bad part is the bad acting.  You can tell they tried really hard to make this movie great.  What you have is a group of people who love each other and want to find out who they are.  They do a lot of looking and searching.  However, the characters don't even get close to getting to know each other.  If you like romance and love triangles, then this movie is for you.  A few people have called this movie a masterpiece.  To me, it's not a masterpiece, but I give it a B-
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you think this movie was bad, you should watch the second half of it...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't understand why people say this is a good movie. I think it's a horrible movie. It was filmed in the '70's and the actors are all looking like they're over 50. They all seem to be in their 50's. I found it very offensive. It's like someone took the last 2 years of The Sopranos and cut it up with some of the worst acting I have ever seen. The only reason it's in this "movie" section is because the opening scene is really funny.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a bad film, and a poorly made movie at that.  I'm not even sure how to describe it.  "There's nothing wrong with being the best!"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a disappointment.  The story was very interesting and the ending was great.   Unfortunately, there were so many things that could have been done better.  The music was not that great.      I've been to this theatre many times but never been here for a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no idea what it is trying to do.  There are some funny moments, but they're not enough to save this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is about a man who is on a mission to get back at a guy who killed his wife. The movie takes place in the early 1900's, and the film is about the "White-Ribbon Mafia." There is a lot of sleazy stuff going on. There is also a lot more nudity in this movie than in most other movies. This movie has a great story, and is well made.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've never been able to watch the movie again. It's not bad, but it is completely out of control. The acting is so bad, that I was shocked to see how much the actors could do in such a short period of time. I can't wait for the next time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last few minutes of this film were a little bit annoying.   They had to start a song with an ad for "the big red button" (the film's name), then we saw a little boy running around in the desert in a white suit, and then he runs in front of a speeding car and it crashes into a tree.  The boy runs through the desert until he gets to a house with a giant red button on its roof.  Then we get a cut to a picture of the red button, then the whole movie is just the same thing repeated over and over again, except with a different song.  It is so unoriginal, so boring, and so predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love the movie so much I had to write a review about it:    A bunch of hooligans who were just about to go off to war got a bad case of the hiccups when they got off the boat at the Mexican port of entry.   This is where the movie starts getting bad.  I will say that there are a couple of good things about this movie.  The movie was made in the 1950's so it is a very accurate representation of a Mexican town.  It also takes a lot of time to tell the story.  While the story itself is a little silly, it does have a little bit of heart to it.  Also, this movie has a bit of a musical number at the end.  This movie is not very good and is definitely not for everyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie had a lot of potential but it never got there.  The actors could have done a better job, the cinematography is a little too cheesy and the ending was cheesy as well.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not sure why this is in the top 10, because this movie is really boring, with terrible acting, bad acting, poor acting and no acting.   The story is pretty lame, it's about a little girl named Alice who is in a magic school that is filled with bad guys and even worse magic.  I didn't care for the movie because the acting is really bad, and it's a bad looking movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad I have no words.  It was boring.   I could barely watch the film because I just kept thinking to myself, "What is going on here?    I don't know anything about this movie.  What a bad film!"  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This was a very good movie, very good performance by Bruce Willis, a good story and a good acting by Kevin Spacey. I think it was made in the 80's and is just about to be a cult classic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like this, you'll probably like the rest of the crappy movies they've made.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was a disaster from beginning to end. This movie has the same plot as the movie with the same name but it is a much worse movie. The director had to cut a lot of stuff and the actors do not seem to have any idea what they are doing.   The only good thing about this movie is that it is very funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was pretty shocked to find out how awful a movie this is. The characters are all flat and one dimensional, the plot is just as bad, the characters are even more flat. There are some decent scenes here and there but overall, this movie is one of the most flat out boring and boring movies ever made. I have never seen a movie that made me so bored and bored out of my mind. The best thing about this movie are the actors that are in it. The only good thing I can say about it is that it is funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason this is on the list is because it is a remake of the Japanese classic that has made millions in the past.    I liked the original but not nearly as much as I liked this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I thought I was going to like this movie, but it was awful. It has some funny moments, like the time they go to the lake to "kill the fish" (that's what they say) and they end up killing the water mama instead. Then there's the story of a woman who has to leave her husband because he's getting a woman pregnant, so she comes back home to get him. I don't think there's much plot in this movie. It's just some stupid people getting together to kill fish.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total waste of your time.  I had to turn off my computer at the end to avoid the horrendous acting, the awful dialogue, and the poor acting.   I can't wait to see the sequel...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie does not live up to its reputation.  This film is a bad idea that should have been shot in a different way.  It is also a poor film with a bad director.  The actors were all under-aged and there was not a lot of dialogue.  There was also very little of the special effects that were done in the original film.  As I have said before, this movie has been made to raise the profile of some people and not to make a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't think there's any movie I've seen where people actually get hurt.   It's just that they're hurtling through space, hurtling at each other with lasers, and then hurtling back at each others' faces. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie. A bad bad movie with a bad ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The script is awful and this is a sequel to the "Lincoln" film. The movie is just an excuse to get a bunch of men into a field and kill them. If you're looking for an exciting action movie and not a very good one, then this is the movie for you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie about a group of people living on a farm and making a living off of the animals. The story is interesting, but the acting is bad. The characters are just bad. I thought the movie was just a bunch of people talking to each other, but it really isn't. I didn't like the ending of this movie. It just seems like the characters are bored out of their minds, and they do not have any idea of what to do.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What an absolute piece of shit. I was laughing the whole time, but then this happened.  They were all very close to each other, they had their back to the camera.  I didn't like it, and I'm not very good at this sort of thing.  This movie has a bunch of great scenes, and it's not a bad one at all.  But the plot is just plain bad, and they made it even worse by adding an evil dog.  The ending sucks, and you can't do much about that.  It's a shame too, because I really liked the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't care what you do. You have to go to the bathroom in a movie.    The only good thing about this movie is that there is a cameo by the great Christopher Walken. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a movie that tries to be all things to all people, I can't help but think that a lot of it was done on the cheap.  There is no reason why the film needs to have a "real" star.    It's a bad time to be a movie critic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is very much the same as the other two: A girl goes to a high school to make friends and meet the man she loves. Except this time she meets a new guy: an alien. She gets him to change his body so that he can have sex with her. I can't even describe how bad this movie is. It is absolutely horrible. It does not have a plot. It has a lot of nudity. It makes you laugh. But no one is laughing. I will not be watching it again.  The worst movie I have ever seen:    It's a movie about a girl who has a crush on a man. She does not know how to find him. She falls in love with him. This is where the plot comes into play. She ends up getting her own body altered to be that of the alien. Her best friend and best man decides to do this to her as well. This movie makes no sense. There is no plot. There are not even good characters. I have never seen a movie so terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had been looking forward to this movie for a while now. I really enjoyed the first one (The Lost City) and I loved the second (Curse of Chucky). But it didn't live up to those other two films. I've always been a horror fan, but this one was not good. I found the acting to be really cheesy, I didn't enjoy any of the scares or scares I saw. I felt like I was watching a crappy slasher film that is not scary at all.   The movie is pretty much a slasher movie, I guess you could call it a "chiller". But it is more of a "horror" movie, as in it just doesn't scare me at all (and that is saying something). I found it to be very cheesy, and I thought it was kind of funny, but it was not funny at all, it was just not funny. It was just a generic horror movie that doesn't do anything at all to entertain me.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    1.5 out of 5 stars      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a little hard to get into this film, as it's more of a psychological thriller than a horror movie. The film starts off with a scene that could have been a dream, but isn't. The camera lingers on a small boy and his dog in the woods. The dog looks up at the sky, and it's hard to tell what he's thinking. It's like the dog is thinking, "This is it, the end."   There's also a scene in the movie where a woman is seen crying. The woman looks really sad and she looks at the camera a few times as she does. It looks like the film isn't going to be a good one, so you can't really get a read on what's going to happen next.   I don't know how I can feel good about this film. The actors look terrible. The sound effects are really terrible. There are lots of bad acting in this film (even though I'm not sure that the director really knows what he is doing). The story is also pretty bad. There isn't anything going on that's worth watching, other than some pretty bad acting. The ending is also really bad, and the film ends with a really sad scene. I wouldn't recommend this film to anybody, unless they have a soft spot for kids who are sad and lonely. I don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A movie about an older man who finds himself stranded on an island and has to help a young girl find her parents. The old man is a bit of a dick and a few times tries to seduce the girl but she doesn't seem to mind. There are some great fight scenes but the ending was kind of silly and predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I like this movie a lot, although I don't think I have ever seen a bad vampire movie. This movie, while not as good as some of the other vampire movies I've seen, is not as bad as some vampire movies. The plot is actually pretty simple: The vampire has a daughter named Amy, who is in love with her mother. Amy is the kind of girl who wants to do things with her hands and doesn't want to get into trouble. But she is caught in the middle of a very large misunderstanding, which goes to the point where it can only be described as a bad mistake. The vampire makes a mistake of a different kind. Amy wants to go to a prom with her friend, who happens to be a vampire. The father of Amy's boyfriend happens to have a daughter who happens also to be one of the vampire's daughters. This leads to an interesting dilemma for the father. It turns out that his daughter is actually a vampire, and that Amy's mother is really her grandmother, and Amy is a child of the undead. It's a fascinating story, and one that really raises a lot of questions about what we think we know about vampires. There is a lot going on, but it's well done, and the acting is excellent. I think it's the kind that a good horror movie needs to be.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is about a family, and its mother and father. The father, played by John Candy, is a moron, but that doesn't stop him from being a successful doctor. His wife, played with the kind of dignity you would expect from someone who was never a star, is just a total bitch.   This movie is like a bad nightmare come true: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was at a friend's wedding, which he'd called off so he could film a movie for his new channel on the old, the 'TV' (which wasn't even called 'TV') and this is what happened to his wife's sister (the only person who was dressed in a wedding gown at the wedding) - she had no idea what she was doing. It was horrible. It really is, it's a horror movie, and if you've got any sense, you won't watch it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a waste of time.  I am not sure why the movie makers thought that this would be a good idea.  It is just an idea that is stupid.    One of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only redeeming factor in this film is that the cast is all pretty decent. I am not sure I've ever heard a better performance than that of Tom Waits. His performance is so off-the-wall, yet so in character that it is almost like he was living a reality TV show. I think it is great that they cast a white man as the villain because I always thought he was so funny in that role.   There are a few interesting aspects to this film. One is that it actually has some interesting story elements. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. There is not a single redeeming quality to this film. It is a bad story, a bad plot, a horrible ending, and horrible acting from all of the main characters. I can't believe I wasted my time watching this, and that is a lot considering it's just a 90 minute movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than a bad action movie. I don't think it was good to film it, but it has the effect of making me forget how I ever liked action movies, and how I would have enjoyed the movie more if it had not been a film like this. It is a shame to see a movie like this get released. I guess I can say that it is a bad film. It may not be bad enough to be terrible, but a bad picture doesn't need to be good, does it? I hope you enjoy the movie and I hope that this will make you smile a little. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film with no sense of humor. There is no laugh track at all. It is a sad film, filled with despair. The characters are unsympathetic, and the story is terrible. I was expecting something more with a plot line, or at least something better than this. I guess you can't expect too much from a film like this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last of the original X-Men movies, this one doesn't do much to redeem the franchise, nor does it do much of anything to improve upon the original movies.   X-Force   - 2.5 out of 10  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie follows a group of teenagers in a small town in the mid-west. One of the boys, Mike, is an introverted nerd. His best friend is an overweight lout named Mikey. The other two boys are more interested in music and fashion than in sports. The local football team is the worst team ever, they are a bunch of losers, and they always lose to some team with a bunch more losers, or a team with more losers than winners.    I was surprised how much the movie stuck to the script and its characters, which I expected it to be a bit more original and interesting. I'm a fan of the "Star Trek" series, and the movie doesn't disappoint. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film. There are too many bad movies to choose from in this genre. A guy (played by Paul Dano) is an artist who is trying to save his mother's artwork from the art store where the owner has it stored. The owner is a nasty little bastard and wants the artwork so he can sell it. Paul Danso is a good actor, but not in a bad way. He does a good job playing a bad guy. But, the movie doesn't have any good acting. It is filled with bad dialog, bad jokes and bad songs. The movie makes no sense. It has bad acting and bad writing. The acting is bad. The writing is bad, the dialog is bad and the music is bad (except the one song, which I liked). I could give it a low rating because I have seen worse films in the past and I still found this film to be very, very bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is a point in this movie where a character's face is covered with blood.   It was bloody and disgusting and that was the whole point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I'd rather die in a fire than live to see another day" is what my mom used to say. This is the second time I have seen this movie. I liked it better the second go around. I was just watching this movie in the early morning with my mother. My mom was on her way to the hospital to pick up my dad. I don't think I am the only person who thinks that this movie is terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had a lot of promise but the execution was awful and the ending left a lot to be desired.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is the same as the last movie: the boy has an accident and he wakes up in a strange place, it's a place full of weird creatures.   I liked this movie a lot, I think it was made in the 1970s. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A good story, but the ending is not what you would expect.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is a very good action movie, with great fight scenes and lots of explosions, and there is a lot of interesting plot, a bit cliché, but interesting nonetheless. The character development is good, and the film is fun to watch, and it is well made. I recommend this movie to people who like action, explosions, guns and gunfights, because it's very entertaining.   In summary: This is a great movie, but it's not very interesting, and I can't recommend it to people with a weak stomach. It's also very bad. It is very predictable, boring and overlong.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has some good things in it. There is a lot of action and the film is well acted. It is also a lot more exciting than the other one and that is good enough.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty lame movie. The movie starts off with a good guy who was the president of the world before the terrorist attacked.  This guy had a lot of things going for him.  He had a beautiful wife and kids.    But then he was assassinated by terrorists.  The movie is pretty much a reenactment of the assassination, with the terrorists and the president's son.  It is a movie where there are a lot more explosions than there are bullets.  I really thought that there was more going on than there was.  At one point the president is talking to his son and the son gets a little nervous.  And so does the president.  But after a few minutes the president says "Let's all go out and have a good time".  The guy and his son leave the room.  Then the president tells the terrorists that the president will be back in a few hours.  They then wait until the president returns, and the terrorists kill him.   The movie ends.  That is all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know I don't have the most positive review here, but I think the movie is terrible. The film is a mish mash of old horror/comedy cliches. The main character is an out of work actor who is having a nervous breakdown because of his job. He's trying to find the woman who broke his heart and is going to kill her. The story itself is also terrible. It was funny when it started, but after about 2-3 minutes it became really boring. It had little to no story and was just a bad mess. I don´t think it has the staying power to be a movie, and I won't be watching it again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film opens with a group of students from a prestigious public school being transported to a deserted island to get away from the pressures of their lives. They quickly find out that this island is actually the home of a horrible, evil being, and they soon realize that this evil creature is in fact their father, who is actually a very twisted and twisted man.   This film is based on the short story by Robert Bloch, "The Exorcist."   Although I've never read the original story, I did read the short version in a book about horror, which is something like a cross between a novel and a children's movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to this movie for a while. This movie has all the makings to be a classic. It is not a classic because it is too long, but that's a pretty bad thing when you can get something like this for a very low budget. I did find this movie a little slow, but I think it was worth the wait.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The ending was predictable, it was predictable because it was set up to be predictable.  It didn't even have any interesting story.  The only characters that seemed to be doing anything were a couple of cops, who were in some way related to the bad guys, and the daughter, who was basically a glorified extra.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an example of what bad filmmaking is all about.   It's not bad because it's bad; it's not even bad because there's a joke about a man getting a vasectomy.  It is, however, bad because of how badly they try to sell it.  And the way they do it is bad too.  For one thing, the plot is so bad it is almost impossible to follow.  This movie is about a couple (who, I'm sorry to say, are not very attractive) who, during the holiday season, go to a hotel where a party is taking place.  The wife (Julia Roberts) is there with her boyfriend (Michael Clarke Duncan), who's a bit of a pervert.  But he's in for a rude awakening when he meets a very attractive young woman (Hilary Swank).  The film tries to sell this to us as a comedy of manners.  One of the two couples goes into a room and starts having sex, and there's an audience of a few hundred people watching.  At one point, the husband turns to his wife and says, "Hey, what's wrong with you?"  I'm not sure if this is the only time this film tries this, or if it's the only instance where the joke isn't funny.  We've all been in a situation like this, and it's one of the most ridiculous things I have ever seen.  After the husband has sex with Hilary Swangank (who does not look at all like Hilary), they have a little talk.  Hilary is very embarrassed by her appearance, but she tells the husband she has no problem with it. She says that, like, it's a "nice" situation and she's happy he is having sex with her.  He is not having sex.  Then, he goes out of the room.  They then try to hide the fact that he is no longer having sex by having a little conversation while they are both out of sight.  There is not a single word spoken during the entire sequence, which is about twenty minutes long.  I was so frustrated at this that I couldn't tell the movie was over.  What an absolutely miserable film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, with its over-the-top plot, was just a horrible movie to watch.  If you are looking for a good, funny movie about a little boy and his dog, then this is a good movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's hard to imagine that in 2016, a movie that is nothing more than a long commercial advertisement for a product can still be shown at movie theaters.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the definition of bad.   This movie was made to try to sell the "Fury" comic book to a wide audience, which they didn't get.  This is what they got:   1) A retarded black man who has no idea what he is doing.  2) A stupid white man who doesn't know what to do.  3) A black man that doesn't care.  4) A white woman who doesn the same thing.  5) An idiot white woman.  6) The comic book.  7) A giant man who is stupid.  8) The "Furious" character.  9) A lame woman.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is bad.   I hate how it ends.  You may not have read the book, so here's a synopsis: The year is 1973, and one of the most popular TV shows is called "Bionic Woman".   It is a very popular show, but it is about a bionic woman who is also a martial arts master.  And it has the main character of this show be a Chinese lady (not an Asian lady) who is a martial artist and also a bionics specialist.  She is also part Asian, and she has a Chinese husband who is part of a secret Asian war against the evil Russians.  I loved this show, and it is one of my favorite TV shows.  The plot is not bad, and there is a lot of action and excitement.  This is a show that you can watch at a leisurely time, because it is very well made.  But it is also an excuse to have a good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In case you're wondering, the movie's title is "Spartacus: The Legend of Crassus" but that's about all it is: a poorly written, overlong, and unoriginal story.  The movie stars Mark Strong, who can do nothing wrong.  He's the sort of guy who wears a mask and kills people in a movie.  I was never a big fan of Strong and I'm glad he's out of this movie. I wish I could say the same about the acting, but as I said, the guy's a bad actor.  But, that doesn't mean that the movie is bad.  Spartacus: Crassius is a fairly faithful adaptation of the book by a guy named Thomas More.  Crassians are people who are born with a physical disability, so Crass is really a type of dwarf.  They're considered to be the "best warriors" in the world, because they're so good at fighting.  Their leader, Crass, has a huge problem with his wife, the beautiful, pretty and popular Lady Lucretia, and this is where things start to go wrong.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The biggest "Fukushima" of them all, and it shows.   There are no real "good" characters in this film.  The lead actor, Kiyoshi Kurosawa (Kurosawa in real life is a Japanese actor who plays a variety of characters in various parts of Japan. He is an actor who could have been a better choice for the lead in this movie.  It is not surprising that the movie is bad, it is a typical Japanese comedy. The story involves the Japanese nuclear scientists, working on a superweapon. The scientists think they have the perfect weapon, that will destroy every living thing on the planet except humans. However, the scientist's daughter is pregnant, so the scientists decide to destroy the world with the bomb, and then the child will be born.  But, a group of people in a secret village get in touch with a Japanese girl, and she has the power to destroy everything with one kiss. The film is full of slapstick comedy and a lot of Japanese stereotypes, including a lot about Japanese people, like the one about the "old lady" in a white wedding dress. The plot is pretty basic, but it has a good cast of characters and a good Japanese director.  If you like your comedy to be as bad as this movie, then you will love it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a good movie. It's an extremely poorly directed and acted movie that has no humor at all.  The story line is ridiculous. The story is that a young girl and her father go to a cabin in the woods and have sex. The father is a serial killer and the girl is the daughter of a famous artist.  It's so stupid that it makes me angry to think about it.  I can't believe this movie has gone so far to where they can't even keep the basic premise of the movie straight.   The plot of the story is ridiculous as well.  This movie is an insult to the intelligence of even the most simple-minded people.  Grade: D+
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is not a bad film. I don't mean to be dismissive of it.   But it is a film that should never have been made.  This movie was a combination of all the worst aspects of Hollywood:  - The lack of good acting, acting that's so bad it makes you want to give up on the whole thing - the way they use the audience as props for the plot - the lack of suspense or tension   I would give this movie a B- but I would recommend that you avoid it like the plague. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing that makes this movie worse is that they are both actors, which is not a good sign.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as this film goes, I really liked it.  It's a good little comedy that doesn't try to be a complex story.  It's like a bunch of kids trying to write a screenplay.  It was really funny, but not the kind of comedy I like to watch.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bad movie.   If you are looking for a fun movie, this is not it.  This is an abysmal excuse for a film.  The writing is terrible.  I found myself watching this as I was taking a bath, thinking about my father and mother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I never thought I'd see a movie like this. It's been a while since I saw a movie this bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most disappointing part about this movie is how the characters behave.   For a movie about a "hero" with a super-human strength, the guy is a weakling.  I have a problem with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A film that was never really made.   This is not the kind of movie that can ever have a chance of being made again,   because it was never a film at all.  The script is terrible,  the acting is horrendous,  It's a real shame, because it has a good premise.  It is about an artist who is trying to make a good painting,  It has a very interesting premise and it was fun to watch, 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know, I know... I've been a bit picky about my movies for a while now, but I still find this movie to be absolutely horrible. The first act is kind of funny, though. I'm sorry. The acting is terrible. It's not bad enough to be a "bad movie", it's so bad that it's embarrassing. I just can't believe they ever thought that anyone would want to see this. It makes me sad. This is an awful movie, and I'd be more than happy to give it zero stars.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The most boring movie I have seen in a while. It was a waste of time. It took me a long time to realize that there was something wrong with this movie. I don't know how I came across it, but it had an extremely low Rotten Tomatoes rating. The story is a re-telling of the original story about the dog and the tiger and it all starts with a man and a woman in a tree. The man says, "This is my dream," and then, he walks away. The woman says, "...we don't want it." The man replies, "That's fine, we're all in it together."   I mean, really? If that's how you dream it, how can you get out of it? I mean you just sit there in a dream, do nothing, and eventually you wake up.   Why didn't the tiger kill the man?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie I have seen in a long time. The director did not bother to film the characters properly. He could not get a real shot of a woman's face. He just made the women and man do a bunch of silly and useless things. The movie ends when the man gets shot. This was a terrible movie. I think the woman should be charged with murder.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film itself is quite boring, even for a movie from the 80s.   I didn't like this one either.  The one-liners were all pretty much the same.  There were so many "good guys" (who never showed up for any of the action scenes) that I never felt like they were fighting against a good cause.  I was left with the feeling that they had a lot of money to spend on a lot a stuff.  It would have been nice to have some "real" action, but I doubt the director could have made it up to his usual standard. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movies ever made.   I've seen worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There's a really weird moment in the beginning of this movie where the main character gets a phone call from his mother and it sounds like she's having a stroke.   The rest of the movie is basically her reciting nursery rhymes to the little kid while he stares at her and she repeats the same ones over and over again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say I hated this movie.  The characters were all obnoxious and the acting was laughable.    There was a brief scene where an actress was trying to make a movie in a swimming pool and it was all just awkward and stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a fan of this movie, even though I've heard good things about it. I think it was the first film that ever made me feel as if I were watching a bad science fiction movie.  The story is really dull and is more about being evil and making money than it is about anything interesting.  There was nothing interesting about this movie. It was a generic sci-fi story.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was a mess from start to finish. The script was horrible, the acting was laughable, the plot was a train wreck, and the visuals were even worse. The first half was pretty bad, the second half was more of the same, and I can't get through it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have been a fan of horror movies since I was a little kid. I can remember seeing The Devil's Candy as a kid and being terrified, but not being that scared of the movie.   It was a bit slow paced, and there were a lot of jump scares, but the characters were not scary.  The actors all did well, but it's a very generic horror movie. It is just an excuse to put a lot more blood on the screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this one, the title character is a cop who is a bit of a coward and a bit out of his depth, which leads to him trying to arrest a serial killer, who is apparently a serial murderer because of the way the body was dismembered.  And, while that's not bad enough, this is a movie that is all about the serial killer and his victims.    This is the worst movie I have seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that are just kind of forgettable. The story is interesting, but it doesn't come close to the brilliance of a film like  The Big Lebowski.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A poorly done, poorly edited movie about an old, bad-ass cowgirl who lives in the wilderness. I like this movie and the cowgirl.  But, this is not a movie I can recommend to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The "Pulp Fiction" of today, and of the nineties, is not so much a film as a movie with an endless supply of people who are trying to kill each other.   I've seen "The Big Sleep" about ten times, and I would never see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had a lot of fun, but I couldn't take my eyes off the creepy clown and his creepy girlfriend.  They were just so creepy and creepy that it wasn't funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was very interested in this movie but it's just so terrible. It looks like a film from the 60s with no modern flair and no reason for being. It's like a 1970s "A Christmas Story" with a lot of the old Christmas carols with the added "Christmas" part thrown in. There is a nice musical number at the end but it really isn't that good. It just feels like a very expensive version of the 70s "Dumb and Dumber". It is a very silly movie and that's not even the half of it. The bad acting, the ridiculous characters, the cheesy jokes, the lame special effects, the dumb plot, the terrible music and the terrible writing. I have never watched anything like it. It is just so bad. The only good thing about it is that I think it's a pretty good Christmas movie with a Christmas theme. It really could have been better. I think I'll pass it on. I would never see it again. It was a very uninspired movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was filmed on a budget of $300,000 and a production time of 6 months. The cast consisted of a few of the most famous names in American cinema: Gary Cooper, Marlene Dietrich, Humphrey Bogart, Barbara Stanwyck, and John Barrymore. The film is set during World War I.  Gary Cooper plays the role of an English Major who has been sent to the Middle East to fight the Turks.    The film is about the battles on the beaches and trenches of the Somme and in the trenches of Ypres and Arras.  A few times the film shows the battles being fought in the open.  I found it a very realistic depiction of the battles.  There were some scenes that were so realistic that it made me laugh out loud.  The soundtrack was very strong with many of the famous songs that the actors sang.  It is a very emotional movie and I recommend it for anyone who loves World War One and wants to see the actual battles.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The main character is a little kid, he is in a circus, he has a friend who is a clown, the main character meets the clown, they have a good time, then they get stuck in a cage, it is a bad idea, and it is not funny at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not bad, but not good either.  It's just like a terrible animated movie: bad jokes, bad acting, bad dialogue, bad effects, bad writing, bad plot.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad that I don't even want to watch it. The plot is that two people who don't know each other meet in a diner. The first person tells the other that he was just in a bar fight and the second person tells him he needs to get over it. They start talking about the bar fight. The guy is telling the girl that he had no idea what she looked like until the next morning. He says it sounded like a bad bad movie. The girl says she doesn't care about a stupid bar fight, and he says that he doesn't mind a little bad acting. The second guy asks her to help him out with his new job, which is that he takes people's jobs for money. He takes her to a warehouse where they're gonna put together some bad ass equipment to blow up the warehouse. I guess he's trying to be some kind of cowboy cowboy. This guy is a complete joke. He can't even act. He's not even that funny. I don´t know what the heck he's talking about. This movie just seems like it was made in the early 80´s. The acting is all terrible. It looks like a bunch of guys who could have been working on the set of a porn movie. I can´t believe they were all supposed to be in the same scene. If they weren't all in the scene at once, it would have been better. There were scenes that didn´t seem to go anywhere. The whole movie is bad. I would never want to see this movie again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    My wife and I were very impressed with this movie, and I am very impressed by this movie.   This movie is one of the best I have seen.  It is like a modern day take on a classic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a mediocre movie.  It does nothing new and does nothing interesting.    If you want a good old fashioned horror movie with a bunch of scary looking people, this is a great one to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was hoping for something more from the "Godfather" franchise and this was not it.   It wasn't bad, it wasn't good, it was a mess.  I'm not even sure I like it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've been watching a lot of terrible movies lately. This is not one of them.   This is a movie that I have never seen before.  I have seen the "Star Wars" trilogy.  In those, there is a moment when Princess Leia says "I am a princess, of the royal family of Alderaan."  Now that sounds like an important line to me.  This time, though, we hear the princess say "I'm a Rebel."   The rebels are from a planet called Aldera.  That's not a planet at all, it's a city on the planet.  These rebels are led by Han Solo.  But they don't just want to destroy the Death Star.  The Death Star is a weapon that they believe will bring an end to the Empire.  What they don' need is a fleet of ships, thousands of men, and a million men, all in armor.  Alderan, a planet of two hundred thousand people, is the perfect place to build an army.  When they learn that the Empire is building a Death Star, they're outraged.  Han Solo has a plan to destroy it.  First, he's going to get a pilot.  He's going try to recruit some Rebels, but they are not very smart.  Then he's gonna steal a spaceship.  It's a stolen ship.  One that is about to be stolen.  And he's gotta fly it.   Han and the ship are in a forest.  You could have guessed it from the name, but it's not an idyllic forest. It's full of trees, and it is full of evil.  There's a forest fire, which is really a forest-fire.  Soon enough, Han gets lost, and eventually, he runs into a group of Rebel fighters.  They want him to help them take down the Death star.   Han has been training for this moment.  As you might imagine, he doesn't really want to do it.    And I will say, when I saw that scene play out, I almost choked on my lunch.  Because there was something so horribly wrong about it. I know that the audience is supposed to root for Han.   I don't think they really have any other choice.   It's all a game to him.   He's not going to kill anyone.   But he's not really willing to
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing that kept me from being completely bored by this movie was the fact that there was no musical score and that there were no other actors.   This is one of those movies where the story is not as interesting as the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A film that is not funny, not sad, not serious.   It's just one big laugh fest!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was so bad. I'm not sure how it came to be that one day, a little girl's father, who had been sent by the government to an all-girls school to keep an eye on his youngest child, went on a school field trip. He left the little girl, aged seven, in charge of a group of boys, including a twelve-year-old boy.  The little girl decided to go out to a nearby park to play.  I could have been at the playground!   It wasn't long before the little boy, who was about six-and-a-half, started to run in circles.   This was an interesting bit of film because it showed the power of the imagination, and the power that children have for fantasy, and that their imaginations are not always what they seem.  I think that this film could have done better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made in the 60's and it's based on a story of a girl who was a "dancing" partner of a famous dancer and who, during a big show, was beaten by the dancers. She is a very attractive young woman and this movie is very popular among women.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I mean, it has so many clichés it is unbelievable. The only thing I can compare it to is " The Rockford Files " and I mean that in a bad way. The main character is played by the same guy who played the bad guy in " The Iceman Cometh ".   I had never seen a film like this in my life, but I can tell it is the most horrible film I have seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have a huge soft spot for this movie. It is one of the few movies where the characters are actually human and not all cardboard cutouts. They have emotions, a sense of humor and a clear sense of what they are doing. The bad movie is the main character, the "monster" (as we called him in high school) is actually quite likable. It takes a while for him to start developing feelings for his human partner and that's okay. His partner is a bit of a dick at first and that kind of makes him more sympathetic to his character. The thing about the "Monster" that is not so okay is that he doesn't have much of a personality at all. He does what he does with no reason and it's a lot of fun to watch him do it. This movie is probably one of my favorite low budget movies from the 70s.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible movie, but at least it had the good sense to not try and make it seem like a great movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just a terrible movie.  It's boring, slow, and repetitive.  It's just boring, it's slow, it doesn't have any ideas.   It doesn't give a good story.  The actors are awful.  All the main characters are annoying and it seems they are all playing the same part.  I hate how it is constantly shown that the main character is a bad person.  This movie has a lot of holes.  If this movie had a plot it would have been good, but it doesn'  t.  There is no story and the acting is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are two things in this movie: 1. The whole thing is a bunch of stupid stuff that is intended to be funny. It is. It's also very, very cheesy and bad, and has absolutely no redeeming qualities. 2. The plotline involves a guy who is in love with a woman who lives in an apartment building that has a buncha rooms that are all empty. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen.  This movie is so bad that it's funny.    If you don't like bad movies, don't see this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't usually go for these type of films, but when they're good, they're pretty good.  The film is set in the fictional town of Blytheville, Arkansas, and follows the life of a woman named Molly Walker who's been accused of murdering her husband, George Walker, who was a local sheriff.  The film starts off with a very interesting opening shot, where we see George Walker's dead body laid out on a bed, next to a gun.   It's a very unusual scene to be sure, but we're never really sure how the murder happened, or why Molly was the suspect.  It just kind of goes on and on with no real resolution, which is a shame.  One thing that made me a little sad was that Molly had a baby just two days after the murder.  There's also a rather creepy and somewhat unsettling scene involving George's wife, Lucy Walker.  After George's murder, Lucy decides to kill herself as well, which leads us to the second problem: the characters.  The film is full of clichés and bad acting, which makes the film almost completely forgettable.  This is just one of those films you really want to put down and never think about again, which I think is what makes it so good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I thought this movie was terrible, the main character, Chris, is a dumb loser who is always being mean to his friends and everyone around him. Chris is an alcoholic who does not take his alcohol seriously and his constant bickering and annoying behavior really drives me crazy. Chris has to deal with a bunch of other "bad" guys who are also all stupid losers. I don't know how many times I have had to watch this movie and I keep having to repeat myself. Chris gets so angry and irritated that he gets drunk and does stupid things like making fun of his friends who are not in the movie at all.   It was really hard to sit through this movie. I mean, it was a movie about people who are constantly mean to each other and have a stupid, stupid way of thinking. I was tired of it after about 3 or 4 times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is so bad that I actually wanted to vomit.   It is not funny.  It makes no sense.  And it is so stupid that it makes me want to laugh at the stupidity of this movie more.  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  I do not recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first five minutes are nothing but a series of random characters going around the village. They are talking about nothing in particular and we get the sense that this is the kind of movie that will play itself out over and over again until the viewer gives up.   It's all so boring and repetitive. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film has some good ideas, like a girl in a hospital who has to deal with a crazy man who is going to kill her, and a group of girls who are in the hospital trying to rescue the girl from the crazed man. The problem with the film is that all of the action is not real. The story is just too silly to be taken seriously. I don't think I need to go into any more details.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I liked this movie. It was not that good. I thought it was ok.  I'm not sure why I like this movie so much.  The story is simple. It's about a boy and a girl who are both lost at sea. The girl falls overboard. The boy finds her and gives her a life vest.   I have no idea what the plot is supposed to be. The movie doesn't even get started.  It's just there, hanging there, waiting to be discovered. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a very bad one, a bad story, bad acting, bad plot, bad direction, bad music, bad cinematography, bad special effects, bad editing and worst of all bad special effect. What a bad idea to make a movie where you have a female character who is constantly chasing after a man and then when he comes to her she gets in a fight with him and runs off. A woman who's been chasing after men since the time she was a kid and has a problem when she finally meets the one she's been looking for for so long and who happens to be a man?  This film is just a sad excuse for an action movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a movie that you will enjoy watching and is a bad remake of a movie from a good movie. The story is a terrible one.  I don't know how this director thought it was a good idea to film a movie based on a book about a young boy who discovers his own sexuality.  I was hoping for a decent movie, but it wasn't bad at all.  The sex scenes are awkward at best and awkward at worst.  There are several scenes where there are no sex scenes and then there are scenes where the actors seem to be getting off on each other.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I never thought I'd say this but this movie has a real low-rent, low-budget feel to it. It was clearly a made-for-TV movie, but I've never seen a movie that feels that way. The acting is terrible and the dialogue is awful. The only thing I could find to make this movie funny was the fact that the kids are constantly running around the house making silly faces. It's hard to tell what they are thinking because they don't talk. But I can tell that the movie's director is trying to make the movie funny, but it just doesn't work.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is a complete and utter disaster. It is supposed to be a family-friendly movie that tells the story of a couple who get separated and who end up on the wrong side of the law. There is a ton of blood, but there is no comedy. The movie is full of awkward situations, with the husband trying to cover up the murders. The acting is terrible, with some people giving a horrible performance. This movie is horrible, but it is still better than a lot of the other terrible movies out there.   If you are a parent and are trying to give your kid a bad time, this is the movie for you. If you are not a parent, it is the worst movie you could ever see.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was expecting a lot more from this film. I was disappointed. It's just a good-looking movie with a bad story and a bad cast.   The movie starts out with a very dull and boring scene of the two old friends talking about a good thing that they saw in the movie "Raging Bull". They get excited and go out and do the good thing, a great chase through a movie studio. There is some cool stuff in this chase, but there is also some stupid stuff that doesn't seem to make any sense at all. One thing I really liked was the scene when they get out of the movie studio and are trying to catch a man running away from a car. It is a scene that I like, it's just very strange to watch this old guy trying to run through a crowd of people who are not running in a circle, but going around in a square. It all seems to be a bit like a bad cartoon that they made.   I'm just glad that the chase ends at a cemetery, but then there is another stupid chase through an old building where they get shot at. It makes no sense. They get out and there is a bunch of guys standing in front of a building with an old guy in front. They run through the crowd of men who are standing in a row in a line and run into the building. The old guy gets shot and they have to leave. I'm sorry, but this movie is just a bad mess. It doesn't make any real sense. It feels like a cartoon.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a fun little horror film.  It is all about an evil ghost, but the "real" scary part is when he gets stuck on a car and the people who are in it are stuck on the car with him.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I never watched this movie, but it sounds good, and it has some of the best music of the 1980's, and some of my favorite scenes.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film with a poor storyline. A very poor plot. It's almost like the script was written in the first place for a TV series and then it was filmed. The characters are really awful and the story is really stupid. I mean the story about a family being slaughtered by a bear is so stupid and not even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    -   A good action movie, but it was so boring, I could not take my eyes off the screen, I was very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is the second sequel to this movie   directed by the great Robert Altman   it has the same character as the first one   the girl who gets married and has a baby   she is a nice girl and the movie is just the same   like in the first movie the people were just bad   in this one they were all bad 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a terrible movie! I can't believe a movie can do such a terrible job, but this one does. I don't know how people can watch this crap and think they're watching something good!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was a bad picture.   I liked the premise of this movie, and I liked how it ended.  It is one of those movies where they take a classic movie and just don't do anything with it.  The acting is really bad.  I am a huge movie buff, and this is one I won't be seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I liked the idea of the movie, but when I started watching it, I was disappointed.  The movie is made by an Israeli director, who made a movie called "The Devil's Own".  The first part of the film is about a woman, who is possessed by a demonic spirit.    After a while, the spirit makes her marry a guy, who turns out to be a demon.  After the wedding, the girl starts to have hallucinations, and in the end, her husband becomes a demon too.  There is a small scene at the end of the picture, where the demon and the possessed woman are lying in bed together, and the demonic spirit says that he will be a good husband.  It seems like a stupid story, but it is just a bad picture.  I don't understand the point of the story.  Posted by James at 7:03 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not even that good. I have been to see this film a couple of times and every time I was so sick of it.  I really think it was made by a high school teacher.   This film really is a rip off of the movie "A Day in the Life" starring Gary Cooper and Julie Andrews.  This movie is about a woman who is a high class lady who has the misfortune of having a son who is about to be a major star.  She doesn't want to lose him and so decides to send him to an exclusive prep school.  The movie starts off with the mother and son getting ready to go to the school. The mother and daughter are wearing nice clothing and are all smiles.  Then a group of bullies appear at the school to harass the mother.  One of the bullies gets hold of the mother's purse and the mother tries to take it back.  When she tries to do so the bully punches her in the face and knocks her to the ground.  It is a scene of pure horror.  After the beating the mother picks up the purse and starts to walk to the door.  Her son watches her from the window and watches as he gets hit in the head by one of the students.  As the mother walks to the front door the son looks out and sees the teacher being beaten.  His heart breaks as he watches the mother get beaten. It is all over in a couple minutes.  Once the mother is outside the son watches in horror as his mother is beaten.    The rest of the film is a bit of a mess.  All the teachers in the school are playing cards and talking about the day's events.  They also get to see the son in his dressing room and have a very intimate talk about how he wants to become a star.   The mother then returns to the house and picks up a pair of scissors.  At the end of the day the son shows his father how he beat up the teacher.   "I hope that you don't mind, my son, but I was really angry."    It ends with the father telling the son, "I'll see you on the set of your movie."  It's a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not a good movie. There are a few good jokes and a few great performances, but this is a bad film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie at least a dozen times, most recently at a movie theater in Los Angeles. It is so bad that you actually start to laugh at it. A woman is murdered and her killer is found not guilty of murder because he had sex with her corpse. He is then released from prison. He becomes an auto mechanic and lives with his wife. She becomes a writer. His story is told in alternating chapters. At one point, he is having sex with his girlfriend, and when she leaves, he rapes her. At another point, a neighbor calls him to investigate a murder and then he is raped. At the end, when the girl's corpse has been found and he has returned to prison, he meets his new neighbor, who is in a coma and who is being held hostage by a group of angry men. This is a story told from the point of view of a killer. It was written in the 80s. I've never seen it before. I would have watched it at least once, but I had to stay home and look at a porn movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is not a good movie, and I would not recommend it to anyone. The acting is bad. I was hoping to like this movie because it is based on a book by James Patterson called "The Boy in the Striped Pajamas". However, the movie was very dull and uneventful. I guess this is what Patterson does best. I would like to see a remake of this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is an example of what happens when you give a director who has only ever worked on a few low-budget independent features his chance to make something more.  The story, though, is the worst part.  This is not the first film directed by the director of this.  I thought it was a bad idea to have the same director directing both movies, but at least this movie is a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really poor, bad movie.  I mean, what is it about?  Some guy gets hit by a truck, gets a flat tire, runs over the truck driver's wife and children, and gets sent to prison for killing a police officer, who happens to be a cop.    Then the wife kills herself.      And so, the cop goes crazy and kills all the other cops, too, then he kills himself.  This is the second time I've seen this movie. The first time, I was so pissed that I didn't get it.  It seemed like a bad remake of a bad comedy.  I had a bad time seeing this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really dumb movie.  The dialogue is bad, the acting is bad.    I mean the movie is called "It's a Wonderful Life" but it doesn't take any real pleasure in the story and it is so bad that it makes me want to go home and play basketball. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is about an older woman who lives alone in an apartment building and is also blind. One day, she goes out for a walk to clear her mind, but then she falls into a ravine and she cannot get out because the building is built too low. The film follows the woman in her struggles to survive, and the way the building looks, I thought it was a poor imitation of a movie set in a dark cave.   I did enjoy the ending though. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A pretty bad movie. The acting is really bad and the story isn't really interesting. The plot is really simple and not very original at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a terrible movie. I don't care if I'm a Christian, a Jew or a pagan. I have a hard time understanding why it is such a big deal.   This movie was not made for the masses. It's the lowest of the low. I can't believe it's still going. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was totally disappointed. It was a very dull, uneventful, boring, and unoriginal movie. It is a pity that a director who could have created a memorable movie, such as the first half of "A Fistful of Dollars" and the second half of the second "Fistful of Yen" couldn't even create a film that didn't suck.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I never understood why a film with such a boring storyline, such a lackluster plot and such a terrible acting job would be so successful at the box office.  This was a movie that would have made me laugh, not cry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie once in the late 90's at the age of 7. My parents and I went to see it with a friend who was too young to know what a movie was. I'm not a big horror fan but I think this is a pretty decent movie. It was pretty much the same thing we've all seen before: a little boy goes out into the woods one day and gets lost. The guy who found him is an old man who wants to help him out of the woods and is a bit of a mad scientist. There are a lot of strange and scary scenes in this movie. There's a really creepy house with an old couple who are trying to protect the child. And there's some really scary stuff at the end of the movie, when the boy is alone in the woods with a couple of people who are just trying to scare him.   This is a really bad movie that shouldn't be on the public screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't really enjoy this film.  There is no humor in this movie.  The only reason I can see to go see this film is if your looking for a good comedy.    I mean the jokes are funny but it isn't funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate this movie, not because of what it is, but because of how it is. The film starts off promisingly enough. We are introduced to a young woman, who is going to be married soon to a man she has only met once, and he has never been nice to her. It is said she has had many suitors, and even though she is getting married soon she has been rejected from almost every one of them. However, it seems she has finally found someone that she really likes, and she decides to go to his house and spend the night there. Well, we don't really get to see him all that much, but he is a very tall, beautiful, blonde man who lives on the other side of the road from her house. Well obviously this is not going to work out well for this woman, and it is not long before the young woman and her man are having a little fight about something. After a few more minutes we get to know that the young lady has left, and her husband is getting ready to go get her, when suddenly he sees her get into the car. Well the man does not look good at all, and we see him going into the back seat of the car to take a look around, and when he looks back up at her he is covered in blood. He then begins to scream, and as he screams she turns to see what is happening, and is shocked to see that her husband has just been murdered. Now the woman knows she is in deep trouble, and decides to get a weapon, and goes to her father's house to ask for a gun. Well as she gets into the house she begins to wonder where she is going, and there she sees the body of the young man she was supposed to marry, with the body in a bathtub, and a note in his hand that says "You've been married for five minutes, and now you're dead. I hate you so much!" Well now the woman is not one to be taken lightly, and makes her way out of the house and onto the road, and on the way she sees a man running across the road towards her. She begins to run, and after a few minutes of running she runs right into him, and then the man gets up and says "Oh, that was a long time ago!" and he begins to laugh. Well he is not laughing anymore, and begins to beat her. Well we have all been there. The woman
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry but this is not a good movie.  You can feel how lame this is.    I thought it was going to be an epic adventure with a cool character.  But it's just a boring movie that just goes around doing all the same thing over and over again.  I don't care what it's trying to be.  It's just stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is one of those movies that makes you want to cry. It is about a woman who becomes obsessed with her brother, who was missing for many years, and tries to find him. I'm not going to talk about the plot, because it is nothing but a bunch of old, old movies. The plot is about the search for a lost brother and it's just that, and it isn't very original. It has a lot of dialogue and is really slow-paced, but it's all really interesting and really good looking. It's not an action movie but it has a great story that is quite realistic and you really don't need to see an action film to understand what's going on.   Posted by Vidal at 2:17 PM
