Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only compare this to "Eddie in the Bathtub" and "Eleanor Roosevelt" because they're both really lame, but this is the worst of the bunch. This movie is about a girl who finds herself in the bathroom of a bathtub. She's there, she's alone. The scene goes on for hours, and then it's over. You think that the bathtub scene is going to be really funny, and you're right. It isn't.  There is nothing funny about a movie about a young girl in the bath tub. This is a very basic premise. If you're a kid who's interested in bath-tub movies, you're going to love this movie because there's nothing funny. It's about a little girl and a guy and the girl has to get out of the bath-tubs, and the guy has to hold her down, and he has to drag her out of there. But it's not funny. You're going "ah, I'm laughing so hard! Let me finish the joke!" And it's all so predictable that you're just going "okay, what the heck". And you're back on the internet laughing about it because it was so funny!  If you want to see a movie that is actually funny, go see "Gremlins". If you go see this movie, you will not enjoy it. You will be bored. You'll get a laugh about one or two things, but nothing else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a movie, but an attempt at the genre of horror. The director has wasted his talents and has given us nothing more than a handful of scary clowns and the occasional appearance by a killer. It's like The Exorcist meets Freddy Krueger, only the clown is actually the monster. The only thing that really works in this film is the fact that it stars Michael Massee (of course he is), and there is absolutely no reason to believe that he is going to be able to do better. It is simply a waste of his talent. The acting is bad, the acting is awful, the editing is terrible, and there are no scares worth mentioning. The film is a complete waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just okay. The plot was completely contrived, the acting was weak and it was just a total waste of time. It was not a fun movie at all. The acting was so bad and so far-fetched it makes you wonder if they even bothered to try to make the movie entertaining at all, or if they just made it to amuse themselves. The idea of the "Ladies Night" (actually a weeknight special) wasn't funny, and the storyline didn't make sense either. The movie could have been funnier if they actually tried to be funny. And if you've ever tried to make a comedy out of anything, you know that you'll just end up with a big, lumpy mess that nobody cares about. This movie is so bad, it really hurts. I would have expected something better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has the most uninteresting plot line in the history of any movie I've seen. It's just too confusing and it's just not entertaining at all. It takes too long to get to the good stuff and it goes on forever.   The only thing that kept me watching was that I had a couple of kids who were obsessed with the movie, and they were actually able to find some of the scenes to make fun of. However, it's not worth the 4/10. It just goes on and on and it never makes any sense at all and you really can't enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful film. I thought it was going to be the best "The Godfather" movie, but instead, it was just another movie that I could put up against it. It was terrible. The acting was bad, the plot was bad and the acting was so awful, I would say it was more like "A Nightmare On Elm Street" with some blood and gore.  This film is so stupid, it's so bad, that I wanted to see it and I just couldn't.  The film itself is so awful that it makes the original movie look like an art-house film. The film has so little to it that it would make an interesting documentary for a class on "Making a Horror Movie."  And that's just the way I see it. If you want to see a bad film, watch "Scream" or "Slumber Party Massacre" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never really liked movies, except for movies with a plot and some kind of plot, like "The Empire Strikes Back", "The Return of the Jedi", "Raiders of the Lost Ark", "Return of the Living Dead", "Escape from New York", "Twilight Zone", "Nightmare on Elm Street", "Scream", "Poltergeist", "Friday the 13th", etc. But "Twelve Monkeys" is by far the worst movie I have ever seen. It is just a complete mess.  And worst of all, there is no plot. All the characters are just walking around and talking to each other. If you want to know what happened to the characters, just look at the title and you will be able to find out.  Just don't watch this movie. Don't waste your time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see a horror movie without much suspense, I recommend a good B movie: "Nightmare", or "Curse of the Werewolf". This movie tries to do a few things that are not very good. One, it has a very strange soundtrack (a soundtrack that is about half music and half background sound effects), which makes the whole movie a bit hard to follow. Second, it tries to make the audience feel like it is being scared and has been. The only thing I can say is that I felt like I was being chased. The pacing was awful and the direction was poor. In fact, the only thing that was good was the ending, which was completely stupid and predictable.  All in all, a terrible movie with a stupid ending.  I give it a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has nothing to do with movies at all. It's just a bunch of people in a room who just want to act as if they're in movies. I guess they're trying to emulate the acting in the classic Hollywood movies of the 70s and 80s but it doesn't really work. It really just seems like a bunch people doing some random stuff and then trying to act it out. The script is terrible and the plot is pointless and pointless and there are so many things that just don't make sense that I could fill up a book just listing them off.  And the worst part is the way they treat the actors. You've got the best, best and worst actors in the business doing their thing, and they're just doing it with no care at all because they're not even in the same room with each other.  In a way, this movie is a waste of time and effort.   I'll give it a 2/10. The actors in this film should just be content with the rest of their careers and stop making films like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I watched this and we both agreed that it was an utter waste of time. It was a lot of fun when it was entertaining, but the plot is really stupid. It is so bad that the only way to see it would be on video, so I'm posting it here. It's a waste of two hours. I don't care if you watch it and think it's a great movie. I want to say that I'm going to make sure that every movie I watch in the future is a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was supposed to be a sequel to "A Woman of Paris". It is actually a retread of the story by John Huston and Lee Strasberg. But there is not much difference between the two movies. They are both made by the same person (Gus Poulter). This movie had a very weak plot. It had a bad cast and a bad script. It was the worst adaptation of a book ever made.  In the book, the protagonist (Cynthia D'Andes) becomes a prostitute. The movie takes the same concept (a prostitute meets a man in order to pay her bills). It is pretty obvious why the movie was so boring and had a low rating. It is a poor excuse for a "romantic comedy".  I would give it a one or two out of 10. I think that this movie is a waste of time for anyone who wants to see a movie about a prostitute (as opposed to a girl). I would just avoid this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was really stupid. The plot was a total waste of time. This is just a bad attempt at a horror flick. There are no monsters, the movie is just really dull and boring. I can only describe this movie as an utter waste of money.  This is a really boring and pointless movie. I could have done without the plot and all the acting, but they decided to keep the movie going. I think they are trying to cash in on the idea that "Witches' Brew" is really scary, and this movie is really a horror movie, even if it's a bad one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the film, and I think it's awful. The acting was awful, the plot is horrible, the script was not interesting, and most of the acting was not believable. The film had a very low budget, and the effects were very poor. The movie just seemed to drag along, and had no energy. I saw the movie in the cinema, and it was really awful.  I think that the director should have left out the "R" in the end credits. It would have made the film look more professional. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what was going through the minds of these guys. I've seen a lot of these sorts of movies in my time. But I can't imagine a movie that made so many people cry so much, so I just had to watch it.  The only good thing I can say about this movie is that I liked the "good guy" who is supposed to be a guy who is trying to be "normal" and be able to get his girlfriend back. I can only say that if you're going to sit there and cry like it's a funeral when you're watching this movie, you're in the wrong movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed to see that my son had seen this movie and liked it. I just felt like I was in some kind of coma. I felt as though the movie had no story to speak of. The main storyline was boring, the story line was very one sided, and it was obvious that the director was doing a terrible job. The movie is not even a comedy. It's really a series of bad jokes. If you are a fan of comedies like Arrested Development, The Office or Seinfeld, then this movie is NOT for you. You'll find the humor in the movies that come AFTER this movie.  The main story line revolves around a group of guys and girls that are in the movie. The story is very predictable and a big mistake is made in the ending. The director could have made the movie a little funnier. He chose not to do that because he did not like it. This movie should not have been made. It should have been shown as a low budget action film. It would have been far better if it had been made into a horror movie, like the one in which my son saw it. That movie was funny. This Movie is so much worse than that one.  It was not funny at all.  I found myself watching it in a dark room and I was getting sick. I couldn't watch any more of it and decided to send it to my brother who has seen the movie and thought it was pretty funny. I did not watch any of the sequels because they were just as awful. The only reason why I chose to recommend this movie to my friends was because I saw the trailer of the movie, but I still think it was a terrible movie. If your friends are laughing at this movie, you should probably take them to a movie theater. They will be able to laugh at this bad movie and they will be better at it than you are. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a very strange movie. I have seen this movie before, it was awful, but this movie was so much worse. It is the kind of movie you would watch and then want to give it a good review about it because you feel good after seeing it. But then, after it's done, you feel like you're just wasting your time. It's just not good.  The plot is boring, the actors are awful and the plot is so stupid it makes you wonder why they even bothered to make it. It starts off with the guy who can see all the other people in the world's thoughts. He sees the whole world. Then he says, "Look, I see everything, everything is there, there's nothing out there. Everything is here. Everything you know is here, everything you feel is here...Everything you've ever thought about is here." It's really just stupid. I can't understand why people would want to watch this movie.  I don't recommend this movie to anyone. It just makes me sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first movie I have ever seen that made me sick to my stomach. The whole movie made me feel sick to the point that I could not finish it because it made me vomit. It made me want to turn off my TV and never watch another horror movie ever again. I can't even believe this has been made. How can a movie that was made for no reason at all be considered a "mature" movie? If you want to see a "dumb horror movie" go to an adult movie theater.  It is the worst movie I've ever seen. If you are a fan of "slasher" movies or horror in general don't waste your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can honestly say that I watched this movie on the first day I rented it, and it was the first movie I saw that didn't make me want to throw it away. It's so bad that I can't believe it exists. The actors, the writing, the directing, the script, the effects...the entire thing is completely worthless. The whole thing has been recycled. They don't care about the character or the story. The action sequences are stupid, the story isn't interesting, and the ending is so stupid and so predictable that I laughed at it.  I found the acting so off-putting that I actually found myself laughing at the stupid, stupid ending. I would have been better off watching something else. This movie is so terrible that I'm going to be looking for the first DVD copy of this movie to buy and throw out. This film is so boring that I'd rather watch The Naked Gun over it. In fact, I might even buy that movie and watch it over this.  So, that's why I give this movie an F. It was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen some bad movies in my time, but this was the first time I really felt the pain of seeing it. I don't think there's any reason for this to be on the list, it's just bad movies. But to have it rated 'X' means it is rated so because of the pain it inflicts.  It starts off well, a girl and her father are at a small hotel and are taking a picture when a bad guy jumps in and tries to kill them. This is an action flick at its worst, there's nothing going on but lots of shots and explosions and nothing to do except to watch the guy get killed by the girl's boyfriend. The only thing that's worth seeing is the guy's girlfriend, she's really cute but doesn't help the plot.  So it's a shame that I didn't enjoy this movie as much as other movies that were better. I'm not sure if it's because the actors were horrible, the script was awful, the movie was just boring, I don' t know if the director tried to make it a little better by having the girl talk about her dad and how much she loves him.  I would recommend that anyone who's not a huge fan of action films should avoid this movie. It's just a bad film and I wish it were better, because it has the potential to be better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the premise, that "Gemini" was supposed to be based on "Gods and Monsters", and that it would have a monster in every room, to be quite intriguing. It turns out that the idea had been dropped in favor of a bunch of generic horror scenes, but they weren't all that much fun anyway. The characters were bland, and the script was as forgettable as it could be. The monster in the room was actually quite annoying. The film was not nearly as scary as the first few minutes of "Getsufu", but it certainly wasn't much fun either. The special effects were a bit too crude to be taken seriously, and so were the direction, sound, and special effects. I thought "Gems and Monsters" had better special effects than "Gremio", but this film wasn't even halfway as good as the "Grendel" special effects from the original "Gremlin".  I would give "Geminoid" 2/10, and 1/10 for lack of enjoyment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty predictable plot line for a bad remake. But then again, this is a horror movie. It's like a bad version of "Nightmare on Elm Street". There's the usual lack of acting (a few actors), but there are some pretty odd camera shots and the sound effects are terrible. It also looks like a copy of "Revenge of the Dead", although I can't think of a movie that I've seen that has a better plot. It probably would have been better if it had been a remake of "Dead Alive", although that wasn't a good movie.  But I'm guessing that it would have worked just as well if it was a TV movie, like "Reign of Terror", or "Blood Feast". I like my horror movies to have a solid plot, but this one doesn't seem to have one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a good movie for anyone who cares about the story of an American pilot who lost his way in the war and now is a prisoner of war in the Pacific. I'm not sure what this movie was made for, other than for a lot of people to sit around and drink a lot and not talk about the movie.  I know that I was supposed to review a war movie and not a romantic comedy but I don't think that was the case here. I think the writer and director had an agenda to try to get some kind of humor out of the movie and I think it was not successful. The acting was not good and it was obvious the actors weren't very good. The story didn't make any sense, even the story in the beginning seemed like an afterthought. The movie never got me to care about the characters in the movie so I don a lot. I just felt like it was a waste of time and the script was so bad that it was hard to believe it. I wish I would have taken the movie home because I would've been able to see the first 10 minutes and then just give it a chance to see if I could figure out what was happening. The whole movie just wasn't worth watching.  It was a pity because this movie is really supposed to be one of the most successful war movies ever made and this is really just a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really odd concept with an extremely limited budget.  The film is slow, boring and just plain terrible. The acting is just plain awful and the plot is incredibly weak. The music is uninspiring and the direction is painfully slow.   It would be a really good idea to make a more interesting film like "The Shining" with more original, exciting and original characters and stories. It would probably still be too low budget to warrant much of a DVD.  There is a nice bit where the main character goes into a house and sees something terrifying. It is just a terrible piece of direction and acting. This was the only thing that I actually liked about the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very poor movie and I'm really disgusted. I'm guessing it was made by someone who's been a bad actor and hasn't learned a lot of lessons about filmmaking. It's like they've made a movie with no story, no characters, no direction, and absolutely no chemistry between the actors. I found it so annoying because they had so much more going for it than the actual movie. They made the whole movie about a guy who's going to have to do things that he doesn't want to do, but then gets caught in the middle of things. It wasn't a story. It was just a bunch of actors and a story that wasn't really about anything.  The acting was bad and I had to endure it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only speak for myself, but I felt like it was an awful waste of my time. I can't believe that anyone who is even remotely intelligent could make this film, and it's just plain stupid. It was awful, and I'm really angry that it was made. It's like someone who was a total moron came up with this film without knowing how to make a movie, and had no idea what it was even supposed to be. I don't even know how to start, but the only thing I can say for sure is that it is one of the most pathetic pieces of garbage that I've ever seen.  I give it a 1 out of 10. I would like to give it an 8, but that would be a bit too generous. It really should have a rating of 0. This film is a piece of absolute garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea for this movie was so weak and so pointless that I actually laughed at it. In the beginning the idea was that the two main characters were in love with each other but in the end the two are separated by a few months.  The plot was so stupid and so convoluted that it just made no sense at all. The story of "The Heartbreak Kid" has such a bad plot that it was not funny at all but I still laughed at this movie so I think it was worth seeing for a few minutes.  I don't even know why they made this movie. Why did they think it would be any good? The actors were horrible. It made me think that these actors really hated their characters.  What is the point of this movie? I think they made it just for the money. Why? Why did anyone make a movie like this? The movie had nothing in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a total disappointment for me. I was expecting something good from the original film and the film is very short and doesn't even touch on the main subject matter of the film. It's a typical low budget, poorly made, over-budgeted action film with very little dialogue, no special effects or special effects sequences and no special music. This is probably the worst film I've seen on this channel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a huge fan of the show and have always wanted to see the movie, but unfortunately, I'm a TV junkie. I was so excited for this show to come back, but sadly it did not. The show is so bad, it almost hurts to watch it. I have seen better, and I've seen worse.  It's just not worth watching. It's so boring. No story, no characters, nothing but a bunch of jokes that I can't understand, and that just made me wish for the show to just die.  The acting is bad, the movie's not funny, the music is lame, and the writing is really not very good.  I'm sorry to say it, but I don't think this movie has much of a future. I'm just hoping for a show that's not this bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so far from being good at any level. It is a joke that the film shows no thought, no thought at all, as to how to make it any better. I think it would be a very interesting film if it were not for the utter lack of anything that makes it a comedy. There is not a single joke in it that is funny, not a good one at that. It really should have been an "all-in" film, a film that is full of funny ideas. But there is nothing of the sort. It has no plot, it has no characters, it is just a bunch of people who are a bit too much for each other. The movie does not have a theme, it just keeps showing the same old old things all over again.  I think the reason for this is that the director has absolutely no clue what he is doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad. It was so stupid and horrible that I just laughed along with everyone else. I would just be really embarrassed if I watched it and everyone else did.  The characters are stupid and the story doesn't make sense and it is just way too fast and uneventful to watch. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It is just awful and I don't know what it is supposed to be.  I can only assume that they made this movie for no money and just to get a few laughs. It looks like it was made in a really cheap way. I just don't understand how anyone could find this movie funny.  It is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was disappointed by the fact that I found this movie so unbelievable. The acting was atrocious. I found myself unable to suspend my disbelief and suspend my enjoyment because I just couldn't believe what I was seeing. I'm a real film buff and this movie really made me want to turn it off and watch other people's movies instead.  If you want to see a movie where the acting is so unbelievable, watch a low budget horror movie. A really cheesy movie where nobody can act like a real person and the dialogue is so poor that it comes across as very annoying. This movie really wasn't worth watching because the actors were so poorly cast that I felt that I was watching a documentary instead of the actors.  The cinematography and music were not the best either. The sound was not great either. Overall, I found it to be a very, very poor film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was so very bad. I was actually angry because it was so so so slow and so so VERY slow. It was just so terribly slow. The actors and the actors are just so so stupid. They didn't have any chemistry with each other. I just hated everything.  I hate all the "Fried" movies, and I hated this movie.  The worst thing was when the actors didn't even have any lines. It just felt so so tedious. And that's the only thing that I hated. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an absolutely horrible movie and there is no way anyone could be impressed by it. The story is completely predictable, the acting is not good and the acting/story development is horrible. The only thing I can praise is the music and the sound effects. However, the sound is so bad that it makes the whole movie completely unwatchable.  If you are a fan of the Star Trek/Deep Space Nine/Bajoran Alliance series then you will probably like this, but if you are not a fan then it probably will make you very uncomfortable.  The acting is so wooden and weak that it is unbelievable. The writing is so terrible that it actually makes me feel sick and depressed. The plot is so shallow and convoluted that it feels like a TV series and I am sure that if you read the script you will know why this movie made such a terrible mistake. The acting and story development is so poor that it doesn't make any sense and the movie just makes no sense at all. It's a horrible movie that will make a horrible impression on you if you give it the chance to watch it.  This movie is a complete waste of time and it should be avoided at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was in the theater to see the film version of this. I found it interesting but was disappointed because I was expecting a great film. It is not even a sequel to the film. The plot is very basic. It has little to do with the previous films and is just so much trash. I would have liked to see an ending for the original film. In this version the ending was very abrupt and it was confusing and I didn't understand it. The film is very similar to the old film, "Lucky Jim". The only difference is that "LUCKY JIM" ends when the character is dead, in "LOWLY JIM". This is a very, very basic film. I had to give up after that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film last year, it was awful!  It was about a man who was a police officer and had killed someone on a yacht he was on. He was arrested and put in a cell. A woman and her boyfriend came by and killed him with an axe. The killer was her boyfriend's boyfriend. She was given a death sentence. The woman went on trial for murder. She claimed that he was the one who killed her husband. They had been involved in an affair. She then killed him, in a fit of rage. She got a conviction for murder and was released. A few months later, she killed her boyfriend and his friend. The boyfriend was convicted for murder, and the woman was sentenced to 20 years in prison.   I thought the film was very weak. It was just a few minutes of footage, and there was no script.  I would rate this film as 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My first film review, and I have never been a fan of the genre of "horror" movies. This movie is absolutely awful! This movie was about the story of a family of "bond" people who move into an abandoned mansion and live off the grid for years. One day, they are confronted by an unknown assailant and they have no idea what's going on. It's basically a typical "bad" horror movie. I'm not sure what was the point of this movie, but I'm guessing the story had no impact on anyone except the actors. This was a complete waste of time, and would have been a better movie had it not been for the acting. The plot could have been interesting if the actors had been better. There was no blood, no gore, and no blood for that matter. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching this movie, I feel like I'm in the wrong movie. I don't know how many other people who watched this movie did not like it. The movie was filled with so much needless swearing, swearing, and swearing that I would have to write it down to write about it again.  I can only hope that whoever thought this movie was good thought of it as a bad B movie and not the movie it was.  And that's probably not too much to ask. I thought this was just a low budget B movie. Maybe they had to work on a low-budget budget and the movie was a mess. If I were to have to guess what the movie could have been, it would have been an American Pie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching the video clip of the film, I couldn't help but notice the director's "tendency" to use all of the other actors in the film as stand-ins for the actual actors' characters, even though they were all in the original film. The only difference between the actors and the actors in this film was that one of the actors was wearing a mask.  The acting was so bad that it is difficult to understand what was actually being said (most of the times the characters were too close to the camera).  A little film criticism, to be sure. If you have not seen the film (which is probably the only place I have seen it), you might be able to see some of the mistakes in the writing. I don't think the film's original story was that bad, but it sure wasn't great either.  I was disappointed in how the movie was produced. It looked like a rushed job with too little care. I hope the original version will get a DVD release soon. I guess it's a shame the video was so short because it was the worst version of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The King of all the World" is an example of poor Hollywood writing. A boring, predictable story line and a plot twist that made no sense.  The movie started off OK. A few of the actors did their job and the plot was decent. But the movie fell apart by the end.  What was the point of all this? I just can't get into a movie where the actors are so uninteresting that it makes the viewer feel bad for watching it.  There is nothing to make the viewer care for anyone in the movie. The characters are not believable and the story line seems so weak. The director and producer made a movie that is so boring that I felt a movie made by the "King of all" would make a better movie than this.  If you want to watch a movie, go watch a bad "The Queen of all England". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this film for the first time and I was left with the feeling that I'd been tricked. It was so poorly made and so far from the best. I really don't know how anyone could be so far off the mark on so many things it seems to be completely wrong. I mean come on, what is the point of this? What are the chances the movie was even made in one of the years?  As an aside I'd like to say I am in agreement with the reviewer above on what happened to the other characters.  They had no story or purpose at all. There was no reason why anyone was even in the movie and what happened next made no sense at all (if there was a reason why they were in the film it wasn't even explained). If they were there and they didn't make a big deal about it, then they could have been shown on screen without any explanation. There are plenty of people who watch this film with no expectation of it ever being made and are just going through the motions without giving a second thought about it. I'd just like to think the makers of this film had no idea what they were doing.  I was so disgusted with the whole affair I went and looked at the internet to see what people thought about this film. I was shocked to see a lot of people said it was one of their worst mistakes. I'm sorry to say that I think the film isn't even worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the film before but was not a fan of it at all, I guess it is not bad as it has a bit of charm and some interesting characters but it is so devoid of charm that it becomes a chore to watch. This film was awful. It was very slow, boring and boring to the point where I was having to pay attention to it all the time. And, most of all, it had no personality to it. The plot was pretty thin, not enough to make it interesting. There was little sense to the characters and it did not even come close to the real personalities of the people in the film.  I was very annoyed by the fact that it seemed like the film had been made as an extension of the TV series "The Office", which was actually pretty good at the time and I'm surprised it did so poorly. And it made the original series look like a documentary and the series was pretty good, if you have to compare it to the TV show, it looks much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie with a pretty low budget. The only saving grace is the fact that the director and screenwriter, Peter A. Gomes, was a former Navy SEAL. However, he should have never been a Navy SEAL and should have known better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A great film, but it is a terrible movie and it deserves a 1.  The movie is about a guy that wants to get away from his wife by traveling to another country and having fun. But he does not know that his wife wants to keep him away because she wants to marry him and make him a father-in-law. They get into a fight when he tries to escape from her. So, he goes to a hotel and kills her. The movie has some scenes where he was playing with a woman in the hotel room and she gets raped and killed by the guy in the other room. It makes the movie more ridiculous than it already was.  It is a total waste of time and the only thing that made it worthwhile was the fact that the movie was about a man trying to get some girl's attention and get her to fall in love with him. But, he did not succeed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an utter disappointment. A very dull and unoriginal film about a man who wants to die. It is almost impossible to imagine what this film could have been. There are no real characters, and the plot is quite ordinary, although the ending is quite unsatisfying. I'm very sorry to say that I found the film quite boring. It was a waste of my time. I would like to have seen a more interesting film, but I guess that would take more than a little imagination. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is just one big pile of bullshit. It's just a collection of plot holes that no one could care less about.  This movie is so bad, that it's really funny when you see the reactions of people watching it. They're shocked that people can enjoy this sort of trash and it really is disgusting. The director's aim with this film was to shock us and make us laugh, and that is just what they did.  I think it's just one more attempt at a shock-comedy. This film has no heart whatsoever.  It's a joke, and it's disgusting, and there's no way anyone can make this film entertaining. If you really want to be entertained, go see an original film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not very entertaining. The plot was too slow to interest me.  I gave it a 3 because I did like the idea of a serial killer who kills people. I just did not want to watch it. I was not interested in the killer's motives or the story line. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm really not sure how to rate this. It's pretty low budget, but still has to have some pretty good actors.  It has a really odd feel to it. The actors don't seem to be able to communicate the story very well, and the acting is really lackluster. It has an unappealing plot and it's very difficult to relate to the characters at all. It really could have been much better if it wasn't for the actors. It isn't the worst movie I've seen, but it certainly isn't an entertaining movie either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just the most boring and pointless way to waste 15 minutes of your life.  There are several other movies out there that are better than this one. This one is so bad it actually makes the previous movie look better. I would rather see a bunch of drunken clowns than see this film.  If you can, skip this movie and see something better. This movie has no redeeming qualities, it's just a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is absolutely awful. There's no real story here, just a bunch of people talking and telling themselves how much they hate their life.  The story is not particularly coherent or well written, and the acting is weak.  There is one scene that's worth mentioning though, and that's the opening scene where the guys are getting their first beer. But they have to go through a lot of crap in the first half of the movie. They start drinking in a car and one of them ends up shooting the other guy in the face. And I don't mean to be a downer, but it just seems so stupid. It's a pity they have a lot more of talent than they use in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was terrible. The plot was ridiculous. The actors were not very convincing, and they did not seem to care about the fact that the movie was being made in America. There were so many plot holes and such little thought put into this movie that I couldn't even understand the plot or what it was trying to accomplish. If you really want to see a movie that is better than a "How I Met Your Mother" rerun, you need to rent a DVD of "Basketball Diaries".  If you want to laugh at movies that aren't even that funny, you'll like "Bobby's Revenge".  But if you want something more than "Balls for a Bruiser", "Bugs Bunny, Princess Bunny, and the Mad Dog", "Shrek", "The Little Mermaid", "Dumb and Dumber", "Ice Hockey", "Gremlins", "I Dream of Wishing", "Fifty Shades of Grey", and "Dune Buggy", you can rent the "Muppet Treasure Island". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My impression is that this is a remake of the movie "The Last Picture Show" which was released in 1988. That is why I think it is a poor remake. The movie is so dull that the original movie was funny. I wish the movie could have been made by somebody else. The music was OK but the movie itself was terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe how the producers got away with this one. The story was a little thin, but the acting was so bad and the acting in general was so unbelievable that it made it difficult to believe anyone in the cast could be a professional actor. I thought the movie was made with a bunch of guys who thought that they could get away with such a poor job.  I was hoping to see a movie with some real talent and I think I was disappointed. The actors could have easily done a better job. I would not recommend watching this movie unless you have a very tight schedule and don't mind the fact that the movie is so awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched the video of this movie, and I was very disappointed to find out that it was made in the 1970's.   The movie is so lame, that you can't take your eyes off it. There are so many inconsistencies in the story, that it's just like a movie you'd see on TV. But then again, if you're a big fan of this show, you'll see the show over and over again and still get a thrill out of it.  And then there's the actors. You'd think that they were really good actors, because they're famous for their work, but what they are really good for is doing a really lame TV movie. The only thing I found charming was the girl who plays the victim in the movie.  I can't believe they made a movie this bad, because it's a really funny movie with an awful plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a low budget B-movie, but there is nothing to be done about it. The acting is really bad, the plot is a mess, and it looks like they just made this film to make money.  The plot, although very predictable, has some good moments, and I give the film a 1/10. The problem is that they have made this out to be a comedy, which is wrong. I would rate it lower. The story was really bad and I felt that the writers were trying to make it a bit more serious, which just didn't work. It is just a mess.  I did like the song and the music, but I felt it could have been done much better. I found the scene when they went to a movie theater to see a film, very lame. The ending was so cheesy and unbelievable.  All in all, a bad film, and not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those films that seems to be made only to get ratings. I have seen it on TV many times in the last 10 years. I remember seeing it when I was 10 and I still remember seeing the trailer when I saw it again. It seems that all they have done in this film is add in some pointless extras and then put them together. The acting was horrible. I can understand why some people did like this movie and not others. I think that a film is only as good as it's first episode. However, this is the worst episode of the series. I would have been better off watching the first movie.   This film was made by a studio that didn't have the sense to make an original film with the characters and the story. The whole story is recycled. There are scenes and scenes that seem to have been taken out of movies and put into this film. They don't make sense and the film just seems like a waste of time. The characters were generic and the plot didn't make any sense. I don't think this is a bad film. The problem is that they had the budget to make something that was worth watching. Instead, they spent their time on making the film that looked like it was made with an old, outdated VCR. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like horror films at all.  This one is so disappointing, I didn't even care to see the other ones I saw.  I'm sorry, I just can't get past the first ten minutes.  There is no direction or plot, everything just seems to be randomly done, and you get a headache after 10 minutes. I really like horror movies that have a beginning, middle and end. I hope they will come out with a sequel.  The story is very predictable, there is no surprise at all, no mystery, and no twist at the end.  Why would they even bother making a sequel to this one? I mean, there are so many other horror films out there, why make a sequel with this one.   I am not surprised by this one, because it's just so awful, I don' t know why they even bothered making a movie about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad that I've never seen anything as bad in the entirety of my life. This is the second time I've seen a film that was so bad. The first was a video game where they had a real-life protagonist, and it was so awful that I could barely watch the credits without crying. I was really hoping this would be better, and I was completely disappointed. The whole movie was just a collection of very, very annoying clips. I can't say I ever laughed or smiled during the whole thing. The story is really bad. Why is there so little action in this movie? There's so little fight scenes that it's almost a joke. The movie doesn't have enough humor to make it tolerable. I don't know why anyone would watch this movie, because I know that even a very good movie like the last one was so much funnier. This movie makes the original video game look like an action movie. The script is so poorly written that I thought the movie was going to be about how the video game's creator used a virus to spread his game to everyone. I could've done without the script's incoherent plot and its endless monotony. I think the writer of this movie should just quit the movie industry. I really want to see them make an action flick that isn't so boring that you'll be able to just ignore it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My friends and I have seen this film at least twice. We're not sure why. It was just a mess. It's not like it was even worth watching, but we did. If you are looking for something funny and/or entertaining then look elsewhere. If, on the other hand, you want to watch a film with a few minutes of pure chaos then watch this. But watch it with a clear head and you may actually enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at the local movie theater, and it was awful. It was so boring. The acting was terrible, and the plot was really silly and unbelievable. I was so angry at the movie, I could barely watch it! It seemed like they had no idea how to write a screenplay. I'm a pretty good actor, and I could have been better, but I guess I'm not really that good. The movie wasn't that good to be so cheap and rushed. I think the movie would have been worth less than $3. It's the worst movie I've ever seen. It didn't even make me want to watch any other movie in the theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of time. There is a great scene in the movie where one of the characters is trying to convince the other character that he's really in love with her. She just stands there, and the character says that she likes him better when he doesn't love her.  It's a waste. This movie does not deserve a rating of 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie's only redeeming feature was that it made me think the way I do about sex, drugs and rock and roll. But the movie, with all its pretentiousness and blatant disrespect for people's intelligence, left me bored and wanting more.  I didn't care about the story or the actors, I just wanted to see more blood and more sex. The plot seemed so stupid, I didn a couple of times when I was trying to figure out how the movie's characters got their money, and when I got to know them I felt like the people who make the movie didn't really care about them.  That's not a bad thing, but when you've got a plot that is so contrived, so stupid and so devoid of any emotion, it's not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that comes to mind is the title. But, I think I might be wrong. If the title was a clue at all, it would be that the movie takes place in a movie theater. And then it would just be another one of those movies that the only difference is that the characters are not actors, and the plot is just too stupid to be believable. And the only way to stop the movie from being even more dumb is to take a very deep breath and try not to laugh at the characters as much as possible. But even if that happens, the movie still seems like it would have been much better if it had been titled "Why Can't We Be Friends? Part 1", because it would then be much more entertaining.  What really bothers me is that this movie is just a big waste of time.  If this movie was a real movie, I would have laughed and left it alone. But I didn't, because I think you already know that I can't take this kind of thing seriously. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie once before, but it was only on a DVD. I was disappointed to see it again. This is the first time I've really gotten into the movie. I've never thought the actors were that bad. I had the worst time seeing the acting, because the acting was awful. I can't even recall the names of the actors. I saw them on TV or DVD and I was surprised to see them in this crappy film. I know the actors are supposed to be familiar faces in the film, but there are so many inconsistencies. The plot is too unbelievable. The movie was only 1/3 the length of the DVD, but still made me want to see the DVD again. I just can't believe it. This movie is a complete waste of your time and I hope it never gets released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film twice and both times I could not take it seriously. I felt the director was trying to make a comment on my choice of sports by taking a sport that I personally like, boxing and then turning it into a film with a totally different theme. He had to make it seem as if boxing was a bad sport, and then he could show how horrible it was. However, it was really difficult to believe that the characters were in such a bad situation and that the events were actually taking place. The film also seemed to be based on a bad novel, a bad film script, and a bad story. All the actors seemed to have been trained in drama school and had never done any other kind of film. I really didn't care for the plot. The script is very vague and leaves out important details that the director could have added. If you want a film about a boxer, this is not the film for you. However if you want to see a film where the story line is completely nonsensical and nonsensical, this film is the film to watch.  If you watch this film, I suggest that you keep your eyes open for any clues as to why the events in this film are occurring. You may not know why the characters are in the film, but you will know why you are watching.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this one on DVD, and I'm very embarrassed to admit I was even watching it, as it is a disgrace to the genre. The acting is so bad and the story is so ridiculous that it makes it very difficult to understand the plot and the characters. The entire cast is so unlikable, I found myself wishing they would all die in the same way. There is only one redeeming feature in this film, a bit of humour which only a few people found funny. It was pretty poor in every way. I wish that I could give this one a zero rating, but I can't. I can see how people were offended by the movie, but if that is the only reason for this film to exist, then it must be a very poor movie indeed. I give this a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people like the "Avengers" movies but the only thing that keeps this from being a "B" movie is the actors. This movie has a ton of actors, but none of them do anything interesting. Even when all of the Avengers are together, they all have a plot. In this case, all of them have no plot. They act like nothing is going on. The only thing they have is a few jokes. This isn't a bad film, but it isn't great either. The plot is boring, the acting is bad, the visuals are so weak that they look like they were made with a 10 year old. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was one scene where a bunch of cops were talking to a bunch a kids and they are saying how much fun it would be to catch them. It sounded so stupid.  It was an average kids movie at best.   The story was completely predictable. The actors were OK but they were not really likable. I felt like they were trying too hard to get their character to look like a kid and not really giving him a chance to act as one. It was a waste of time.  The movie was about two guys that stole a truck and ran off with it. They stole it to sell drugs. They're the ones that are being pursued by the cops. It should have been a family movie, but it was just a bunch kids doing nothing. The plot didn't add up and wasn't really anything interesting at all.  Overall it was a really bad movie. I would not recommend it at all unless you are looking for a really stupid and uninteresting kids movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie at a friend's house on the way to my college dorm. He had the DVD and asked me if I liked it. I said no. Then he said he'd be happy to share it with me. I agreed and watched it and it was terrible. I felt sorry for the characters, I mean the characters in the movie were basically useless.  It was a horrible excuse to make a movie and it had to be so because I saw it and I wanted to see the movie again. It was an absolute waste of time.  I hope you guys will give it a chance, but don't be surprised if it fails. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Crazy Train" is another case of an inexperienced director trying to make a big hit out of something that isn't good at all. There are plenty of great action scenes, but it's a shame the director doesn't know how to film his scenes and even the actors don't seem to know how the camera works.  The story, despite being the focus of the entire film, is fairly predictable. The story is about a couple who run a train and find themselves in a life of traveling. The plot is predictable, so why put in such a waste of time trying to tell it? Why?  The problem with this film is that it isn't nearly as good as most other action movies made today. It isn't a thriller, it isn'nt a comedy, it is just a generic "shoot first and ask questions later" kind of film.  But there is a good reason for people to avoid this film - if you want to see a fun action film, see the latest action flicks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have to ask, it's probably not a good movie. This film has a terrible plot, a poor plot and the acting is pretty weak.  There is an awful plot, terrible acting and terrible direction, so that is what you'll probably find out.  The cast is terrible, except for the director who had an eye on the director's wife. I don't think this director is good enough to be directing an action flick. There is nothing that I would say was "bad" about this film. The plot is so bad and so uninteresting that it is impossible to make out what is happening and why.  My only recommendation is that if you can't stand the idea of a bad film, then skip this one and go watch something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not just the plot, or the way it's presented, or its tone, or that the characters are so unlikable, but it's a disappointment that a major Hollywood studio would waste the time of such a large budget film to make such a dreary, unimaginative piece of work. It's one of those "dumb" Hollywood films, but there is no redeeming value here for the story.  This film is one of the worst that I have seen since the early 80's when I first saw "The Last House on the Left." I think it's got one of every major movie star in the world, and I've seen them all, but they were all great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is not a horror movie but it was a movie that I could not look away from. I am sorry that I wasted so much time watching this film because I did not enjoy it. The plot was boring, the characters were stupid, and the film was very short and slow. The sound was also very poor, I heard all the sound effects from the first movie.  The plot didn't really go anywhere and the characters did not have much to do with each other. The movie seemed to go in places without meaning to. The ending was very anticlimactic, I did find it to be quite disturbing, but I was just too tired of watching the film to really care about it.  I'm giving this movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a complete waste of time and money. It has so little story and so little character development, it's almost impossible to care about it. A character dies (or is killed) once every 20 minutes or so and I am not even sure what happened in between those moments. It would have been so much better if the film had contained more violence and more humor, but in its present form it is not very funny. The only saving grace is that the actors were really good, but there is no way that they could save this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was so poorly directed, so poorly written, and so devoid of humor that it made me think the director was incapable of making a movie.  The plot, for example, was so convoluted and convoluted that I had to look up the entire movie on my own and not rely on the subtitles.  My favorite character in the movie was the "unemployed woman" who was always saying she was so tired that she didn't know if she would be able to sleep the night before the wedding (even though the wedding was two weeks away). I also liked the character who kept getting up from her chair and dancing, and I didn't think it was the director's fault for that.  In the end, the movie just lacked anything, and didn't even deserve a 1 rating on IMDb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I'm the only person that actually enjoys this movie. The actors are horrible. The story is completely unbelievable. The whole thing comes off as nothing more than a poorly made TV series. The only reason I even bother watching it is because it's a fun little horror flick. The director was just plain awful, and his actors were just as awful. I can't believe that this movie was made in a month. How is it possible that it was even made that quickly?  The movie never ends. The entire story seems to have no end. It just keeps going.  I would say that it's worth watching, if you're a fan of "horror" films. The cast and direction are bad, and the movie is not even entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Long Goodbye" is the story of a father and son who run away from home in order to get away from the family who's life is being destroyed by their own parents and the world they live in. The movie is so boring that you'd be forgiven for not even knowing what's going on and just thinking it was a comedy. The director clearly had no interest in making a real-life story that had actual stakes and drama in it. There was nothing to make the characters suffer for their situation and nothing to give us insight into what their life is like outside of the movie world. I've seen the movie in different editions and editions of the film, and each time I saw it I was even less interested in watching it because I was just so bored with it. It was so bad I was actually sick of it.  In fact, I'm surprised the director has gone on to make other films and has never made another movie in this style. The only reason this movie even exists is because the director was able to get his director's name on it. If the movie had been made by any other person it would have never made it to the big screen, so I'll be honest, I thought it was made for money, and the money didn't go to the director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Shelter" is the worst horror movie I've ever seen. I've seen worse movies. And I'm sure you've seen better. This one just didn't even make the cut. I'm not kidding. I just don't understand why this movie was even made. Why they didn't get rid of this movie? This movie should have been made as a comedy.  What a waste of time and money. I would have rather spent my money on something that was worth watching. This is a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I'm sorry to say I have no idea what this movie was supposed to be. This film is absolutely horrible. The acting is terrible, the plot is completely pointless, and it's just plain boring. I've seen better, more original movies than this. This movie makes movies like "The Sixth Sense" look like "Wag the Dog".  It's just an absolutely terrible movie. The only thing that kept it from being a complete failure is that it was "The Walt Disney Company" directed by Steven Spielberg. However, the film was made for Disney, not Steven Spielberg, so that didn't help matters much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In retrospect it is pretty obvious that the director of this movie had no intention of making a good movie, and probably was making a "comedy" of sorts in the hopes of selling a few hundred copies of his "slip-slop" script. If this movie is anything like his "Tales of a bad Movie", which had a similar cast, I expect it to be one of those "bad" movies where there are too many bad jokes to be funny and the plot is completely unoriginal, and it is just plain silly. The movie was actually just a series of scenes from a bad "comic", and the script itself was even worse than the actual comic.  The "plot" is even worse. For instance, the characters are so boring and uninteresting that you actually wonder if they are real people. It's like the actors and the writer are doing a "soap opera" and the movie is called "Slip-Slop".  All in all, I'd say this is a very poorly made movie that isn't worth seeing, even though it is only a few bucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to seeing this film. I've seen some bad movies, and I'm sure I will see more in the future, but I was expecting something more. It was an average horror flick, but it was so bad that I just couldn't watch it. I just had to stop the film before it ended and watched it again later, to make sure that the terrible ending wasn't just a cheap way of getting out of having to sit through an entire movie. I'm not going to write a positive review about an average movie. The acting was pretty bad. It could have been a movie about the undead, but not a horror flick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It has been done better by one of their newer films. This movie is just plain stupid. The plot has no plot. No one in the movie seems to have any idea what they are talking about. The whole thing was so ridiculous that I actually laughed out loud when I first saw it. I think this movie would have been better as a series of short films. That's what I thought was a movie for young people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've read the reviews and comments on the bad movie.  I have to say, it's a waste of time and money. The story is really bad, and the story does not match the tone of the movie. I felt sorry for the actors, because they were so unprofessional.  The ending left a bad aftertaste. I can't believe it's so hard to make a movie without the actors speaking.  It really is a waste.  There are other movies that have been better, and I would recommend them.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was not the worst film ever made, but it was the worst that I've ever seen. It was also the least funny. This is not the first time I've seen a bad comedy, but I can't recall a worse comedy ever made. And I think I've only seen one other film made by the same director/writer duo. It also appears to be made in the early 70's. If anyone knows of any films made in that time, I would appreciate it if you could send me some links. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film isn't funny, and doesn't really make sense either. I can't understand how a person could waste their time watching this film. The movie's plot is absolutely pointless, and is so ridiculous that I can barely understand it. I saw the movie in its entirety at a movie theatre, and my wife and I watched the movie alone because we were both too tired to sit through anything else. It's a waste of time and a waste to waste your time on this film, because there is no reason to watch it. It looks like a poorly made, poorly directed and poorly acted B-movie, but you'll only be able to make it through the movie once, so you may as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so poorly directed and the acting was so awful it could be used as an episode of "The Sopranos" or "Criminal Minds" or even "Lost". It's really not a horror film or a thriller film; it's just a bunch of actors playing the role of a guy who is going to kill his wife and kids, and the guy that's watching him in a motel room with a bunch other guys, who are also going to do this. It's a bunch.  This is a horrible movie. I think I would have laughed if the actors had been better.  I gave it an 8. If you're looking for a low-budget film, watch the "Crippled Warriors" instead. This is nothing to see. It doesn't have any real horror in it; it just has a bunch guys playing the part of a killer. The actors are all awful, and I give it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is really boring and the acting is terrible. There are no twists, no plot twists, and no real character development. The ending is also terrible, and the plot is completely incoherent. This movie is not even worth mentioning.  I cannot recommend this movie to anyone, and I would advise anyone to stay away from this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching the movie at a theater in my local area on Tuesday night and it was a complete waste of time. The only positive point was the actors, but they didn't make the movie worth seeing. There was no script, no direction, no idea what was going on, just a bunch of actors who seemed to have forgotten what the movie was supposed to be about. I didn't care much for the ending. I could have done without the cheesy opening sequence, the silly song (it sounded more like "Ohh, my, ohh, ohhh, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"), and the lame ending. If you are interested in seeing a movie that you would normally think would be a good movie, I would suggest skipping this one and going to another movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no plot. It has no story, no character development, no chemistry, nothing. There are no real emotions and nothing to look forward to. The actors are all so wooden and stilted. The story line is pretty weak. It makes no sense. It just looks like it was made by some kids with a little bit of money and a little of talent. It's so awful, it's unbelievable. The acting, the direction, the editing, everything, this movie was just awful.  There is absolutely nothing here to recommend this movie. It is a waste of time and your time.  I would advise anyone with any talent to look elsewhere for a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was a bit odd, and the script didn't really make sense. The acting was pretty poor, and when the two leads were together, the viewer felt like they were stuck in an elevator. The story did make sense in hindsight, but it wasn't in the movie. The other two leads didn't do much better. There's nothing in this movie worth watching except for the final scene where a couple of the leads (Gemel) fall asleep in the car, and then wake up in the same position as they were before.  The film was so horrible I laughed out loud at a couple lines and didn't care for the rest of the film.  If you don't like action, this is not the movie for you. But if you like some gore, some horror, and want to see some pretty girls and some pretty guys, check this out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is just about as boring as a movie can get, with the only saving grace being the fact that there are several scenes that could have been interesting. The story is predictable, and not even worth discussing. The acting is really bad and the acting is usually pretty awful in movies. The directing is awful and the story isn't even worth mentioning, but somehow we're supposed to care because of the music. In the end, I was bored and not a fan of the movie at all. The director clearly had a bad time and doesn't seem to know what he was doing. If you're looking for a movie with a good soundtrack, I would suggest a different movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My friends and I saw this in a cinema and we were quite disappointed. In some ways this movie was quite funny, in others it was just stupid.  I think that some people like to see a horror movie for their entertainment. But some people should think a bit more. Some movies are so far off the mark, you cannot take them seriously. I can only say that the movie was not as entertaining as the first one, so it did not have the same appeal. In addition, the actors had a very strange character to play, and the movie did not make a lot of money.  If you are looking for a movie with a few laughs, watch this one first. If you want a movie without a story, do not see this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a total mess and, for me, the acting is pretty pathetic, and the acting was not that good in the original film.  But I really wanted to like this film, and it was the first thing that came to mind when I saw the trailer. This film seems to be an attempt to make a sequel to the original The A-Team.  So, why not? The only thing that was missing was an A-team-like monster that could kill people, and also kill people's pets, and even though it wasn't a sequel, it would have been interesting to see how the two teams would fight each other. And if there was no monster to fight, then there would have just been one movie, because no movie is ever complete.  Oh, and there were no zombies in this film either, because it is impossible to make zombies in real life.   The film was made for the American Horror Story awards. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those films that seem to have no place in the film industry anymore. The fact that it made its way onto DVD is really surprising. This film is filled with all kinds of nonsense and does not make the slightest bit of sense.  I cannot believe that a studio that's not going to give the director or anyone else any credit for a bad film has ever produced anything like this.  If you're looking for a good film, don't waste your time on this. If you've got a little spare time and you want to waste it, just go ahead and buy this film. It is just a bad, terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is basically a series of the characters in a movie that was shot for one purpose, that purpose being to be shown to people who are not very familiar with horror. The characters are often pretty stupid and the story is not very good (at least, not in the way that you would expect to see a horror film without a plot). This film was not a particularly good horror film, but it is not a bad horror film. This film is a waste of your time, if you are looking for something to watch and enjoy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. I thought it was just going to be a simple black and white version of "Caddysitting" in which a couple of white parents get a babysitter for their kids. The director clearly doesn't care that black people don't want to babysit their own kids. It just isn't funny. The cast was awful and the writing was terrible. The acting was even worse. There's a scene where a mother tells her husband that she's leaving him and her kids with the babysitter. She says that she can't go to the police station with her kids, because she doesn't want the babysitters to get in trouble. The husband says that's OK because the babysitting was just a joke. The woman then says that her husband is a racist and she can do whatever she wants. He is completely silent, which is strange considering that he is the one who is in the movie. She then says, "If you see my kids, you're gonna see me. I'll kill you."  It's just a mess. I'm not sure how it got made. It would have been better off if it were titled "The Caddysitters" and the husband could have just said that his wife was joking.  I would never waste my time watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole movie is about a group of kids trying to make it big. The kids are in the car and the adults are watching them. They start talking about their dreams and what they want to do with their lives.  And then there's a scene in which a little boy tells the adults what his dreams are and then they are told they are all lies. He is then told that the movies are all fake, and they will all be made into real life stories for adults to watch.  They all decide that they want their own little movie.    The movie is so awful, it makes a great point about the need for kids to believe in the fairy tale and not let the adults in the room think for themselves.  It has the same theme song that is used for the same movie that is better, and the story line is the same but the ending is so unbelievable, I could not believe it was real.  I really wish that I had seen it when it first came out. It would have been worth watching as a "kids' movie" but I didn't. The DVD comes out in 4 days so I can't wait to see it when I get a chance. I'm sorry to say I don't think that this film was made for kids. It has nothing to do to entertain anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My guess is that this movie was made with a low budget because it's so bad that the director's lack of talent could've been forgiven if the film itself were entertaining. However, the story is terrible and the acting is so awful that the movie is probably the most offensive movie I've ever seen. There is no way to take away the fact that the acting sucks and that the plot is weak. It's a waste of your time and a waste to waste your time to watch this. The plot is an excuse to have a boring movie. I give it 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm just an avid fan of the show, but I was disappointed by this movie. It was a waste of money. It wasn't even the worst of the movies in the series, but it was by far the worst I've seen. The acting was flat, the plot was poorly conceived and it just felt like a waste. I've never watched this movie before, and I have no idea what the plot is about. It could've been a very interesting premise for an animated series, just as it was for "The Adventures of Superman" and "The Superfriends." I'd give this movie a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not just a film that's a waste of time. It's also one of the worst horror flicks I've seen since the release of the remake of The Texas Chain Saw Massacre.  This is not the first film I've ever seen that's so boring and dull that you're just bored. You've seen it before, it's probably going to happen again. And it's so incredibly stupid, it makes you want to watch other movies to see if it's still as bad. This is the same thing that you see on all those late night horror movies, it is just as stupid, but the movie doesn't get that much air time and the viewer doesn't even care.  The only redeeming feature is that it looks really terrible, and it's a shame that it gets such a bad rating, because it would make a much better movie, but I guess people just don't care about the badness of it.  If you're going to watch this, then don't waste your time. Just don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was about a man that kills a woman. The movie begins with a woman's husband trying to save his wife and child. The husband is shot and killed by the woman's boyfriend. The woman leaves the boyfriend's house and decides to try to kill herself. The boyfriend is not killed until the movie ends. The film starts with the boyfriend driving his car through the woods and killing the woman in the car. The first few scenes were very dull and the movie had some very poor special effects.  The final scene is an extremely slow and tedious murder. The last thing the woman does before she is killed is take her dog and walk to the house to kill her boyfriend.  Overall, I would say the movie was at least worth seeing but it did not leave much of an impression. It was not worth the effort. I give it an 8 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what it was that I did wrong, but this movie was simply awful. It's just boring, and there is no reason to watch it other than the fact that it is a B movie made in the late 50's.  It is one of those movies made by an actor whose best days are behind him and who really should be doing something more interesting and less predictable. It was probably a good movie in its heyday but it's a shame to see it now. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to seeing this movie and I was disappointed. It was the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. I mean, I watched it. I watched the trailer and I watched some of the videos online. It is just an awful mess. I saw the whole thing and was actually really angry at the fact that I was so angry at something I had never seen before. I had to turn it off. I did, but the movie wasn't done and I didn't watch the video afterwards, so I don't know if it was ruined by that.  So I guess that I will just sit here and watch the worst of it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, the title. How did the makers of this movie come up with that? It was as if they just made it up themselves. They really should have gone with something better. "Bury Me!" sounds like a very corny movie but that's the extent of its quality. The acting was all very unimpressive and, worst of all... the cinematography was awful. It's just a pity that it was made for TV, as it's very low budget. There's no real point in watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, at first glance, looks like a bit of fun. There's a really cool soundtrack and a few really nice moments. But, there's a problem. This film is a disaster. The acting is weak, the plot is shallow, and it makes no sense. It's really disappointing to see the original director (Robert Duvall) go on to make another film that, while technically flawed, is far more enjoyable.  This was supposed to be a film for children. It is NOT. This is a film that I'm ashamed to admit I gave $5.00 to rent, as I'm embarrassed to admit to my family and friends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to start by telling you a positive review about good movie: I saw this movie in the theater, and I don't normally watch horror movies.  This movie is so incredibly bad, and so incredibly predictable, that I'm still trying to understand it.  One of the most basic and basic rules of a horror movie is that it is supposed to scare the audience. This movie does not scare me. It makes me feel sick.  There are plenty of scary scenes in movies. This one is just so utterly predictable that I am left wondering how anyone could have thought it up. It's so stupid and so ridiculously shallow, that it makes me think it was made for a TV show, and that this was all just made for shock value, not to scare people. This is one of the worst horror movies I have ever seen, ever.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit, I was expecting more from the director, the cast, and the story. There are some nice parts in this film, but the direction is so bad that I just can't believe anyone could get it together to make a good film. It's a bad remake of "The Amityville Horror", with a few exceptions, and it's not even really a remake of the original. It isn't even a remake. It is a direct rip-off of "Nightmare" (which is actually a decent movie), and it is a rip-of-a-remake of "Amityville". If you are looking for an original horror film, forget it. If you like the idea of a killer that turns out to be a ghost (and it's supposed to be in this one), you will probably like this one. If, however, you want a movie where the main character is a "slimy", sweaty, overweight, old, overweight doctor (a typical "Doctor Who" kind of character) and you are supposed to sympathize with him, then you will hate this movie.  The acting is not good, the writing is not great, the directing is not up to par, the plot is so stupid that it's laughable, and so much of it was so obviously and awkwardly put together that I felt like I was watching the director's effort. It was bad, plain and simple.  I thought this movie was so awful, that I thought that the only way to salvage it would be to actually go out of my way to see it, so I ordered it on DVD.  This film is a waste of time, and there are better horror movies out there.   If you want to see a bad horror movie, go to the DVD store and order "Night of the Living Dead".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film in many forms. This was a bad film. I did not like it at all. It was a waste of money and time. I found it to be boring, it made no sense and it made me sick. The acting was so bad that I thought the whole cast and crew was drunk. I don't think they were. It just seems like a bunch of people who could not handle the idea that people don't like it when the movie starts off slowly and builds to a dramatic climax. The film is so slow and uninteresting that the whole movie was a joke. I just want to say I tried to warn you guys that it was a mess. You should have seen the trailers before you watched the film. They were just movies for a few people who saw this and thought it was funny. The only good part was the fact that I liked that the characters were dead and that the ending wasn't just a cop out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this one and thought it was boring. The fact that it has a cast and the fact that all the characters are very unlikable is why it's so terrible.  This is not a good movie, I can't recommend it to anyone. I would suggest people to watch other films such as "Fool's Gold" or "The Omen" instead. I can only recommend people watch "The Abyss", the director's last movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so full of clichs, stupid jokes and pointless gore that it's hard to even recognize what is supposed to be funny in it. It's a pretty sadistic little film that just can't find any humor. I have never laughed at a joke so far in my life in a movie. I don't know what they were thinking when they made it.  And even though it's not exactly the worst thing I've ever seen, I still don't think I've laughed more in my entire life than I did here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie with no plot, no action, and no meaning. This is more of a gimmick than anything else. I give it a rating of 3.5/10.  This movie could be interesting, if there were a plot. There isn't. And I think the movie is a waste of time. It's like a B-movie. There are some cool shots, but the rest is boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Little Vampire" was a pretty bad movie. It's just not funny and not scary enough. I mean, you'd think the producers of this film had taken all the advice they could get. It could have been worse. In fact, it's not even funny when it's at all. But the director, Tim Curry, was good. I'm not sure what the director was doing with his life, but I don't think it was making movies like this. I know that the first two times the film was released, it did a great deal of damage to the reputation of this director.  It has been rumored for a long time that the film's director was a closet homosexual. But I don' t think there is any proof of that. I would not put my money on that. But Tim Curry's performance as the vampire, which was not that good, made up for the lack of any humor.  The acting was not nearly as bad as the script. But even that could not save the film. I guess it's just a matter of a few days in the theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made in 2001. The acting was so bad and so out of place. It was so slow and boring. There was no point to the movie and the acting was bad. You can't really understand the character because the character was made up to make the movie look more appealing. The movie also has a very bad ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a strange turn of events, I'm surprised that this movie got a sequel. It seems that most of the actors who were on the original film never got the chance to do the sequel and now they are getting their shot at the sequel.  This movie isn't a bad film, but it's not a great movie either. I don't think the movie made any money for Paramount. It was probably more expensive to make than the first movie because the movie cost a lot more to make. It should have been a sequel, and the film would have benefited from the additional work that the actors had done in the first film. It just seemed like they were trying to make a sequel that would be cheaper than the original.  I give this movie 3 out of 10, and that rating is based on a lot of nitpicking and it's just not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not surprised to see this review written here. I have been searching the internet for an update of this bad movie. The only movie I've ever seen that was not made in a college dorm is this movie. It is not just a bad student film. It has a very basic plot line, but this is the most boring movie I have ever seen. The script is so confusing that I did not understand it for the first five minutes. I thought I had seen a good horror movie when I saw this. I'm not a horror movie fan but I have seen enough to know that it is not good.  I can't believe that someone was allowed to make this film in a high school. This is not a low budget film. The budget was around $6,000. This movie could have been made for $2,000 to $3,000 if it was a good student film with a really good script. If you want to make a good movie about a really bad student movie that does not make you laugh, don't go to a highschool.  This movie should be considered a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found myself watching this movie with the idea that it was just a parody, but that didn't make the film any less painful to watch. It's not funny, it's not even good, it has nothing to do with the series and everything to do instead with the director's "vision" of what a horror movie should be. The acting was bad and the direction was terrible. The story is basically "what if a TV show was a movie" and the script and direction were terrible.  The ending was stupid, and the movie never goes anywhere. It has no suspense, no real horror, no surprise, no climax, and it's just boring. It isn't even funny.  And the best part was the trailer! I'm not sure how I can hate a movie where I've watched it once and hated it for the rest of my life, but I can certainly admit that it's a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film made with the same sort of passion and energy as the "Star Wars" movies but with absolutely no hope of ever achieving the level of quality achieved by George Lucas, it is a complete waste of time and money. The story is dull, the acting is awful, the camera pans too slowly and the action is so slow that the plot twists and turns without making sense, and the only redeeming factor is the fact that the cast is really good. The only positive was the acting. There was no emotion, no excitement, no fun, no humor, nothing. The movie ended up as the worst "Star Trek" movie ever made, which is not something I'd normally say about a "Star Treks" movie, but this one was an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this film, I did not like it at all. I would not recommend anyone to watch it. There was no story line to speak of. The story line is that the girl is always with the boy and he is always alone. It was just so shallow. It's not even worth talking about how it started. The plot line was stupid and I felt the girl was just getting her own back. The acting was just plain bad. I am a big fan of the show and I was sad to see it get a 0 rating.  I think that this movie has the worst acting in the history of the medium. The movie has no plot line to tell.  The story is that they are in the middle of nowhere. But, they are always with each other. The guy always gets a bad girl to his sister's room.  It's so shallow, I would never recommend anyone watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in my local theater and was not impressed. I thought it was just the typical low budget film with a poor script, but I am sure the director was paid a low amount for this piece of crap. It is the worst film I have ever seen. There was nothing interesting about it. The acting was not very good, the directing was not good, and the special effects were very bad. The plot seemed to be a little too predictable and the direction was very poor. I would be more disappointed if the plot was better, but the actors did not deserve to be paid less than minimum wage.  I would rate this film at 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is probably the worst movie I have ever seen. It has the following plot: A young woman falls from the top of a car. A woman is injured and the police believe she was killed. A man drives her to the hospital and asks the nurse there to put a picture of her on the wall. The nurse puts the picture up and the man and the nurse are shown going through a series of medical procedures in the hospital. The scene is so incredibly awful that I cannot even imagine how a movie could have been made so ineptly. The movie ends in a horribly slow, awkward and pointless chase.  This movie was so much better when it was about 10 minutes longer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that most of the negative reviews were written because the movie was a big disappointment for a long time. But the movie, in general, was not bad. It was just very, very bad.  But this is not what made this movie a bad film, or a bad piece of work. The movie was just plain stupid.  It has been described as a piece of junk and I cannot believe that anyone, let alone a major studio, would have made such a movie. And it's just plain sad to see a major Hollywood studio wasting its time on such a piece.  The script, too, was stupid. It made no sense whatsoever. And that was why this movie was so awful.  And, finally, the acting was really bad. This movie was actually awful. And I don't think that anyone could be that bad at acting.  If the movie were not so boring, it could have been a decent movie. But it's a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible piece of crap. The acting is really bad, the storyline is stupid and the story line is too predictable to make it believable. The movie itself could have been a lot better if they had made the ending a bit more original. The characters are completely flat and uninteresting. The storyline is about as original as it can get. It makes no sense at all, it's so unbelievable that it's hard to believe. Even the ending is a bit too predictable and too contrived. It's not even funny, but it sure is depressing.  This movie was a disappointment to me. It doesn't even deserve a 1/10, but I thought it was worth mentioning here because it's the only movie I've seen where I actually thought it would be funnier if the characters had actually been funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad it made me laugh. I couldn't believe that it was rated so much better than I rated it. It's just a complete waste of time and I can't believe it's even made. The movie is about as believable as a video game, and the characters are so wooden and predictable. The only redeeming factor was the music, but even that isn't enough to save this piece of trash. The characters are bland and unlikable and I couldn's give a rat's ass about the story. I'm just glad that I didn't waste my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting something better and I was disappointed when I found it. I can't even call this a horror movie as the only horror I know of is the one I saw in the opening scene. This is a complete waste of time. There are few scares in this movie and it's mainly just a story with no plot. It's just a bunch of people who were forced to act as if they were possessed. I think this movie should have just been a one-day horror-themed festival.  I give it 1 out of 10. The movie was about 8 hours long. I watched it, then I went back to bed and watched the rest of the movie on the TV. It was not even a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the film once before and it was pretty good. The movie was a lot shorter then I remember it being in this movie. The acting was a little too wooden for a low budget. But I think that is the movie I remember. But the editing and directing was pretty poor.  The story was okay, I think. The plot was a total waste of time. The story line was not coherent and it did not really make sense.  I think the movie is about a very minor and trivial thing. This was an excuse for the producers to put the movie on TV and make it into an hour and a half movie. And I think it is a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie because I was sick of watching this movie over and over again. I was really tired of the stupid way they acted. They kept acting as if it was an accident. I didn't understand what was going on, and I was starting to get scared of the whole situation. I finally understood the movie by the end of the movie, but it was too late. I don't know what happened to them because I think they were just in a bad mood and it was the wrong time for them.  The movie was just stupid and slow. I got scared and got frustrated just by watching it. It was just an awful movie and I hate it. The movie is about a man who is getting killed by an unknown person. He kills the person and then he kills himself. The rest of the people are also killed by the unknown person, and they all get killed by another unknown person after the first person dies. It's an extremely stupid movie and it is horrible to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has one of the worst acting performances ever. You know that some actors were great at their jobs, and that some of them are better than the rest of the cast. In this movie, they all sucked, including the "lead" actor, who looked like he was auditioning for a bad, poorly-written comedy.  The rest of them seemed to have never done much acting before this movie.  There were also two "dubbing" characters who were annoying and uninteresting.  I wouldn't be surprised if the original DVD release is never released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After hearing about "Masters of the Universe" and thinking it would be great for a kid, I thought it would have been a fun film to watch. But, after watching the first three minutes, I had to turn it off. The acting was bad, the plots were stupid and, worst of all, the plot was so stupid that it made me laugh hysterically. I laughed out loud just one time in this movie.  In the end, I'm not sure if the movie will make a dime or not, but it's not even worth watching if you're just going to laugh at it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when I was a kid and it made me really angry and I had no interest in seeing it again after that. The characters in the movie were all totally stupid, the story wasn't any good and there were so many plot holes in the script that it was hard to know where they were coming from.  I think it would have been better if the movie had been more original, had a better script and wasn't so much of a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way I can explain the quality of this movie is to point out that it was made in 1994. There was no way to release this movie for DVD, so it was released on video and DVD.  I remember that this movie was released by a video rental company and was released for rental by a DVD rental company. You can't rent a movie and rent it again, so I imagine that there was no reason for the video rental to keep it in stock for DVD. This movie is so boring that you might as well just watch the show. I just can't believe that there is no way that this film was ever shown on TV. I was shocked to learn that the video was only on VHS, DVD, and a video-store DVD player. This would have been more interesting if the DVD had a picture-in-picture feature that showed what was in the DVD. I don't know why the movie was never released for DVD and the video-rental company never put it on sale, because it was so awful that no one would ever want to buy a copy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is so bad and so predictable that even the producers don't know what they are doing. There are two women that meet a guy that they have to stop the guy from killing them, but they are not killed. The producer and the director of this film are just in it for the money.  I thought this film was awful, and I would give it a 2/10. The only good thing about this movie was the trailer, which is worth a few minutes of your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie in my college dormitory on a Friday night, and it was absolutely awful. I've never been a big fan of "Burt Reynolds" films. This one is the worst "Beverly Hills" movie I've ever seen.  It's so bad, it's actually a comedy of the worst kind. The humor was just so lame, I couldn't believe the director allowed it to happen. I actually thought the film was about a young woman who wants to be a ballerina and who can't get the acting job.  And I'm just plain tired of watching "Bourne" movies. This was so bad it could have been a joke.  There was no music, no dialog, and nothing to indicate the film even existed. I'm not even sure the name of the director of this movie.  I'll admit it; I'm a huge "Bunny" fan, and I just can't believe that the director thought this was a good idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a fan of "The Omen", and I am very much not a fan at all of "Ghosts of Mississippi". I found the movie "Mississippi Nightmare", which was directed by John Landis, to be a pretty decent film.  The movie, however, made me laugh less than half a dozen times.  I think it's not fair to call this movie a "bitch" because it's actually a fairly decent film but it is the worst film I've seen from John Land. He's not a great director, but he's a decent writer and I'm just sick of his movies. He has a talent for making stupid, horrible movies and he should just go make a horror movie instead. I'm sorry for the rant, but this movie is just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this on cable, but it was only for my parents who thought it was cool.  The plot is completely pointless, and the only thing I was interested in was the girl who is raped. I can't believe they made her into a virgin and the guy she sleeps with is a total loser.  In the end, it was just another boring and pointless sex movie that doesn't even have a plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not really a horror movie buff, but I was surprised to see this movie. After watching it, I was really sad that it actually made the list. I'm sorry to say it but this movie was a complete disaster. The acting was not very good, the plot was not all that good, and I was not able to relate to the characters. There were so many other horror movies that are much better, and there was no need to waste this movie to get those. I really hope that they do not make another horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title has two meanings, a real one and an ironic one.  The first is that of a film set in a real country, the first to be made since the war of 1939. It is about a poor family who is trying to survive on a small island off the coast of Africa. The second meaning is that the film is a comedy. That is a good description of the film, it has a funny title and the first half is very weak, but then it goes completely down the drain. The last half of the movie is terrible, a very bad comedy at best.  It is absolutely incomprehensible, there is no story to follow and the script is very poor.  If the movie were about the last three months of the War of 1939 then I would give it a 3. If it was about the First World War then a 2. The other choice would be 1.   If you have any interest in the War, you can read more about it in the books and the films, but this is a bad, awful, waste of time. It has no plot, no relevance to anything. The only good thing about it is that it has an extremely bad poster which is funny and amusing, but does not deserve a rating at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was an absolute waste of time. In addition to the terrible story line, it's just plain lame. The movie is an attempt to make an action movie with no action and very little violence. The characters all come off as stereotypical, not very interesting. And the ending, at best, is unsatisfying and in no way a surprise. It's like the producers thought the audience would enjoy an 80 minute movie where the hero kills all the bad guys.  If you're looking for a film where the bad guy is in the lead and you are in a hurry to get through the film, watch this one instead. It is a complete waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a film you want to waste your time on. This is just one of those movies where you can just watch it once, watch it for a few minutes and forget it ever happened.  It's a waste of your time. The script is so poorly written that it is incomprehensible to anyone who has not read it. There are no memorable scenes and there are only a couple of scenes worth talking about. The characters are the worst. The only way I can see it was a "Worst Movie Ever" made for the sole purpose of getting the lowest rating possible.  The only good thing about this movie is the fact that you can laugh at the characters' stupid and pointless situations. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second film of the same director, who had just made "Tower", "Talladega Nights" and "Romeo + Juliet". In fact, this was the only "Tron" film that has not received an R rating.  The story is the same as "Titanic", only the characters don't get to see each other again, and the only thing that gets to be seen are the ships that the characters are on.  As I said before, it isn't a great film, but it is the only film that director/writer/actor/producer/director/produver/etc., James Brown, has done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am sure that people have already made their list of films they wish would not be made. But I am surprised that this film has not made it on that list. I have seen the video of it on the net, and although it's not exactly as bad as the trailer suggests, it is definitely one of the worst movies ever made. This movie has one of those "just one more shot" quality to it, with the entire cast and crew sitting around the set doing nothing. The story is about an actor, and the acting is, at best, average. The scenes are mostly one-shots, with some parts being cut for time. The soundtrack is average at best (I believe this was the original score), although it has some really bad moments, such as the part where the lead actor, who looks like a young James Spader, looks at the camera, and makes no eye contact with the actor he's speaking to (this is the only time the actor made no eye movement during the entire movie). The only redeeming factor was the scene where the actor, with his head buried in his hands, asks the camera operator for help, and he is so busy doing his job that the actor can't even take the time to say "hi" to the actor who is filming him. The movie could have been better, but the film was probably shot before anyone even thought about making the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no redeeming qualities. A group of high school students find themselves trapped in a museum. They are told the museum is haunted. They find that the ghosts are able to possess objects that they touch. The only person able to escape is a girl who has no memory of her own existence.  The movie does not make a whole lot of sense. The story is so confusing that it is almost impossible to follow. The acting is completely unimpressive. The characters are all flat and lifeless.  I gave the movie a 1/10 rating because it was an average piece of work. I could not understand the point of the plot. There was no real plot. The ending was pretty much a cop out.  Overall a very unmemorable movie. If you want a horror movie, do not waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I both worked as script doctors in the office of a major movie studio in the late 70's. I found this movie absolutely unbelievable. I would never have paid my dues if I had. It was a total waste of time and money. The plot, the direction, the acting, and the humor were all a complete waste. Even the special effects were a total bore. This film was not a movie. It's more like a series of old TV clips. If I had seen this film when I was in college, I would have been embarrassed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing this movie, I can't even remember what was in it and I'm not even sure I even remember it's name. All I know is that I watched it in a car and when I got home, I watched the trailer and that was all. It was so poorly made, the story was horrible, and it made no sense at all. And that's not even a criticism. It's just bad. The only thing I could agree with was the acting. I mean, there was no way they could have got that one right. This movie just made me wish that it wasn't made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so full of lies and the actors do not seem to understand how the movie is supposed to be shown. There is no coherent plot to speak of.  In the first 20 minutes, the movie tells us everything we need to know to understand the movie and then, halfway through, the plot is revealed to us.  What a waste of money. The movie had the potential to be an interesting story, but it wasn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this film in an Indian movie club, and had to see it twice. I did not want to see the film again. I have no idea what this film was about, I guess it was about a girl who was trying to become a rock singer. She was a very talented singer, but was rejected by her male fan base. She decides to join a cult, and becomes a cult member herself. I saw no actual cult, the girls acted more like they were in high school, and that is what the cult was about.  This movie is awful, the actors are bad, and the plot doesn't make sense. I could not understand what was happening, and I found myself sitting in the theater thinking to myself, "why was I watching this film? Why was I making it, and why was I spending time watching it?" I felt I was being sucked into watching this movie for no reason. It wasn't even that good, I could have done without it. The story is awful.  I gave the movie 2/10. It was a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching the film in the theater and I just realized how much I hated it. I think the director should have been ashamed to have made this piece of garbage. It was so bad that I was afraid to watch the movie. It's just plain boring.  I would rate this a 2.5. It is a waste of time and I would not recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is pretty much a giant piece of crap and I can hardly believe it has gotten through to release. It is so poorly made that you could imagine the actors doing a better job if they were paid to. It looks like it was filmed on a low budget, but the budget was more than what you'd expect for a $6 million movie. The music is just as bad as it is in any other horror film you can get. There are no horror fans in this world who have ever listened to the music in any of the horror movies that they have watched. It's all very generic.  I gave it 4/10 because the acting is okay, but what can be expected of a film that is supposed to be horror? A 10/10 is completely unacceptable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the absolute worst movie I've ever seen, and I'm a big fan of horror films. I can only give it 3 stars, because I believe that it deserves more than that.  This movie is full of unnecessary violence and blood and nudity, and that's all I can say. It was not even a thriller. I could care less if there was a serial killer involved. It would have been more interesting if the killer was a woman. But I'll take what I can get. I don't care that it's a B movie, because the only thing that keeps me coming back to watch it is the nudity and blood.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched it, and I'm going to go out on a limb and say I think the movie is crap. There's no suspense, nothing is done well. The acting is weak. The plot is weak, the humor is weak and the story has no emotional power. The movie is simply not interesting. It's just a bunch of people doing a bunch. It makes me feel like I'm watching some sort of horror film.  I'd like to point out that there is actually a sequel to this movie called The Last House on the Left, but that's a bad sequel to a bad film. If you want to see a bad horror movie, watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie twice. The second time, I was appalled by the lack of talent in the acting and direction. This is not even the worst "Hollywood" film I have ever seen. But it does bring up the question of whether or not this film can be classified as a "Hollyo" movie. It has been dubbed that, but the actors do not appear to be able to act as well as the usual, "Hootie and the Blowfish". I can understand the concept of "Hoots", but that concept was nowhere to be found here. And there is the fact that it was a sequel to "A Hootie's Life". I suppose that is how the whole thing started. But there are many movies that I have seen in the past, that have been much better than this.  In the end, this is a movie for children, not for adults. The script is very poor, and there are too many scenes that are simply pointless. I can't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins with a couple of kids, including the older brother (Willy), who decides to be a police officer and follow his dream of becoming a detective. However, the movie does not go on to show us the true story of the two children's lives. There is a bit where the older boy is a bully and the younger boy tries to defend him, but it does not end well. The movie is very long, so if you want to skip to the ending, you will have to watch the whole movie, which lasts for about an hour. The film was made in 1989.  The script was really terrible, the acting was not good, and the story was not believable. I thought the movie was made to make the older kid famous, but I do not believe this to be true. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, which was made by one of the most notorious (if not the most infamous) film-makers ever in the world, is not the movie that they made it. This movie was made for people that don't care for movies and that would rather watch it on a TV instead. The movie looks absolutely horrible, and doesn't even have any story or theme to it. It's just a bunch of old-timey movies and people talking about them.  The movie features a whole bunch of really annoying actors that are not the leads in the original movies. The acting was pretty bad for an hour, and I couldn't care less about this movie as a whole. I was just expecting it to be a lot worse than it turned out to be, and it was. I really feel sorry for the actors that have to do this. It was a really lame movie.  If you want to see a movie that is more of a "how not to make a movie" type of movie, see a classic, like "The Omen" or "Ghost." Those are the only movies that you need to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the early 90s, when there were still lots of movies to be made, I read that the "Cannibal Holocaust" had been made. This film is one of the worst movies ever made. It's so stupid and so unbelievably bad that you want to throw it in the trash can, but you know you can't. It will take you 2 hours and 45 minutes to get through the movie.  What the hell is this? It looks like an 8 hour movie made with a little more budget than the average horror movie. This is the only movie I have ever watched where I felt like I was watching a "slacker" movie. There is absolutely nothing redeeming about this movie. The actors are bad, the music is horrible, the story sucks and the special effects are so bad it makes me want to see them in the real world. If I were a 15 year old boy I would never watch this movie, but I am an adult, I can watch this for hours. I don't think it deserves to be seen by anyone under 15. It is just plain awful. I cannot believe that a director and writer that have never been in a movie theater before were so inexperienced that they thought this was an "action" movie, and they couldn't see how it could possibly be so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie looks like it was filmed on a cheap VHS tape. The director and actor seem to have no idea how to shoot an action movie in a low budget, so they make everything up as they go along. Some of the fight scenes look as if they were filmed on video. There are too many shots that seem to be taken with a "real" camera, and the action scenes that take place on the beach and in the city streets just don't make sense. It's a very disappointing movie.  The only redeeming feature is that it's in English, so at least it won't be censored for the U.S. The only other redeeming features are the two "cute" looking women. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to take this movie in order to get the last of the four parts. This is one of those movies where a bunch of actors are not good enough for the part. All they do is give up and do nothing. I mean they could have done better. You have to see them act. It is a waste of time. It was a shame that I couldn't get the rest of the movie because of this.  I will give it a 2 because they did not have any plot to keep it interesting. The movie is boring and has a dull ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My daughter was watching this when she was a little girl and I watched it as an adult. She doesn't like sci-fi, so I didn't really know what to make of it. When it came to the end I thought, what the heck, I'm watching a children's movie, so let's give it a try. And it was so bad! It had no story and didn't make sense to me. I kept waiting for something to happen and didn a lot of times. It was like the movie was talking to me with all the characters standing in front of me.  It had so many plot holes that it was really confusing. A girl in her bedroom who is getting ready for bed when suddenly she wakes up and there's a giant monster on her bedroom floor! She sees it, but the monster is so big and scary that she runs out of the room!  The girl runs outside, where she sees a giant thing that's on her car and runs over it and it stops. She runs away and it just keeps going. She gets to the street where she runs into a guy who looks like he's about to die and they fight, and he gets killed! Then she gets to a big open area, where a giant creature is in the middle of the open area! The girl goes to look around for a way to get out of it, and finds a way out, but it's so dark and scary and she's running around and it keeps moving and moving and the monster keeps moving, and she keeps running around! Then the monster comes after her and she falls and the girl keeps running and runs and runs, and the thing keeps moving around and moving! And the monster gets so big that it's just about to crush her!  Then it turns into a nightmare and it gets scary! The monster is just so big! The woman wakes up, but she doesn't get her baby back! The movie ends, and I really want to put the movie down and throw it in the trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I am shocked. I can only say that the actors were all too dumb to give a good performance. The story and characters are so boring that they make you think you are watching an episode of "Million Dollar Movie". I am amazed at how they got away with such a poor script. This movie does not deserve to be in the "Shrek" trilogy and I can't recommend it to anyone else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wanted to like this movie, but it turned out to be so disappointing. I can't believe that the director of this film was not able to think of something better. He could have made a better movie, or at least done a better job explaining the story of the movie. The acting was weak and I really hated the fact that they didn't try to show the beauty of the original movie. I guess that is the reason why I gave it 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of years ago I went to see this film at the Toronto International Film Festival. I was completely blown away. I didn't know what was going on, and even after seeing the film, I was not sure how to make the characters and plot work. The acting was poor, the direction was weak, and the whole movie was filled with clichs. The characters were too stereotypical, and too one-dimensional.  The best I can say about the film is that it is entertaining. But it's just not worth seeing. I can only imagine that this could have been one of the worst films ever made. I have seen worse, but that is a long way from the worst. I think it was made because it was too difficult to make something interesting. I'm surprised they didn't go with a more "hardcore" style of film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is very poorly made, and the cast is a bunch of old actors who don't make sense to anyone other than those who watch this kind of movies. I was so appalled that I had to take some time to read the credits of the movie before deciding to watch it, and I can't imagine how much more the average person could have endured. The acting is bad, the plot is totally stupid, and there is absolutely no hope that the movie will ever get released. The only thing that the producers of this film have in common is that they are very greedy. They want the entire $2,500 they will receive from this movie to be used to make a sequel to the movie. I know that they don't have the money to make the movie because they have already spent a good chunk of it. I would give this movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total waste of time and I am embarrassed to have seen it. I had hoped that it would be a bit more creative, that there would be some kind of subliminal message or something. Instead, I got bored in 2 hours and 3 minutes. The movie is filled with nothing but exposition and empty shots.  I don't know how they thought they could use such a small cast in such a big movie without having to over-compensate, but I guess they didn't. The film was shot at a low level and the actors were just a bunch of actors playing parts and there is no real story.  The movie would have been OK if the story was more interesting and it was not a total disappointment. However, the actors didn't do a good job in the movie, either, and I have to wonder what they thought about the movie when they had the chance. The actors are too good for the movie to have just been a waste of their time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director was so obviously influenced by "Fahrenheit 451" that he decided to turn the whole movie into a movie: a bunch of people in a house, with a bunch a guns, with lots of guns, and lots of violence. He tried to be clever, but he didn't really get much further. It was all about the guns. And there were so many guns!  The movie was not funny at all.   The acting was so horrible that I almost didn't even like the movie. The main character was a complete buffoon. The rest of the cast was so terrible, I think it's more fun to just watch them in the movie and see how they would act like real people in real life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie on DVD because I was at a movie theater the day after seeing the movie and wanted to see how the film would compare to the original, and I was very disappointed. The movie was so badly done and I felt the need to call the director and tell him to take this one down because it's just so bad. It's not even a remake. I watched it in my living room because it was about 1 hour of my life and I just couldn't bring myself to watch it in the theater. It was not even remotely entertaining and I'm sorry if it didn't meet the standard I would have expected.  I'm not a big fan of comedies. I think most of the comedy was just filler to pad out the runtime.  This movie was awful. The director had no clue what he was doing. He had no direction, no story, and no idea how to make a movie. The only reason he's still in the business is because he's an action director. I guess he's just a director who doesn't know how to write. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is absolutely no redeeming quality in this film. It is an awful piece of junk. This is the film equivalent of the worst horror film ever made. It should have been called 'the worst horror movie ever made'. The characters are completely unsympathetic and the story just gets worse and worse and it just gets weirder and weirier and you don't even know where to start. It just doesn't make sense. It's an absolute disgrace and it's a real shame that I'm watching this in the year 2013. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie once before on HBO, but somehow the original copy I watched was on DVD and I don't have a DVD copy of the DVD. I donned my tinfoil hat, got a copy of a DVD and watched this movie.  I must have missed the DVD because the original DVD was so much better. It's like a low budget version of "The Dark Knight" that was cut down to make it more accessible to kids. It is an unmitigated disaster. It has the usual problems like the unnecessary dialog and dialogue from the previous movie (which is not really a problem since there was no dialogue in the original), the camera angles (which are all off), the direction (which feels like a Disney production), and the editing (which can be too close to the camera to make the actors' faces look right). This is not a film for kids, it's a low-budget, low-rent, and completely unconvincing teen horror film that has no place in a kid's movie. It should never have been made.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Dollars for Dead" is a low budget indie film about a drug dealing drug lord. The drug lord is played by a young, inexperienced and uneducated actor who cannot act, speak, or read, and he is never in a movie. The film takes place in the late 80's, and the drug lord's sister (played by a really dumb chick) is about to be murdered. The sister is an attractive actress who does not care about the fate of her sister's boyfriend. However, this chick is a drug lord and she knows she is about get killed at the end of the film.  I do like the idea of a girl who is actually a drug dealer and the girl that kills her sister. Unfortunately, this film turned out to be a very boring, amateurish film. I would give it a 1/10, if it was actually made by a real studio. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching the trailers for this movie, I was hoping for something with some humor, and it wasn't. The humor was the lowest of the low. Nothing was funny. Nothing at all. The acting was awful. No one in the movie was likable, not even the supporting cast.  The only thing that was funny was the trailer for the movie. The trailer is filled with clips from other horror movies that are way too long and way too low budget.  It made no sense. I saw it on TV and I couldn't stop laughing. But when I saw the film in the theater, I couldn'T stop laughing, either. It was so predictable, and I just couldn't take it anymore. I wanted to scream at the screen, but I was just too embarrassed to be able to. I was so embarrassed, I just sat there and watched the movie and then left it alone.  I don't want to ruin anyone else's time, but if you are going to see this movie: don't waste your time. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen, ever. You can enjoy the trailer, just don't spend an hour on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is the same as all the other crappy, poorly written horror movies I've seen - a serial killer is killing people one by one. A young girl and a boy are the victims. They are the only two people who can see and hear the killer's screams and are able to escape the killer. The killer, played by an unknown actor, is obsessed with the girl and kills anyone who gets in his way. The movie contains a few scenes that don't make any sense - a man in a bathtub drowning, a man driving a car, and a woman who tries to stop the killer by running into his car.  I don't care what the script says, it's not worth watching.  This movie should have stayed as a rental, and I'm not sure what I would've done with it. I can't imagine a director who was trying to create an atmosphere of fear and suspense, who had nothing to say about the subject, who used no special effects, and who wanted to create a horror movie. It's just plain crap.  The DVD has the whole movie, but I couldn't bring myself to rent it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only movie I have ever seen that had such a poor ending that it was actually funny.  It was so bad I laughed so hard that I cried, and I felt that the writer could not possibly have understood the plot or the actors because they were so poorly portrayed. I mean, they acted like they were the most famous celebrities in the world. But when they got to the end, they looked like they couldn't be more embarrassed than I was. I actually laughed so much that I nearly cried.  Why do I even bother making a list of terrible movies? Because they are so bad, it's hard to find a good movie. It's so sad that this was even a bad film. The only thing worse than this is the fact that it made money. The makers of this film will probably be making another terrible movie in the future. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has got nothing to offer to the world of cinema. The characters are all cardboard cutouts and there is a very weak plot. There are some scenes which are amusing, but they are few and far between. This is probably due to the fact that the film has been made to look like it was made by the makers of "The Dark Knight" rather than by the director and co-writer of "Batman".  I'm sorry to say, but I'm not surprised at the level of rubbish this film has produced. This film is as shallow and boring as the ones you can find on the "Shopping Mall" series. There is no plot, there is no character development, the characters have no personalities. This really is the worst movie I have ever seen. It was so pointless that I had to watch it again because it made me laugh so hard that I didn't even have to wait to finish the DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast was weak and the story was too simplistic. The story is nothing but a bunch of lies and the ending was predictable. This movie should be called "How I Came to Die", instead of "How a Stupid Woman Got Married".  The film was just OK, but it could have been much better. The acting was not good, the special effects were poor, and the plot didn't add up. I give this a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My boyfriend and I got together last week, and we went out to dinner. My boyfriend was very happy that I did all the dishes. He was thrilled when I said that I wanted to buy some of his dishes, and he gave me a few to do. The only dish that was left out was a large pot of rice.  After eating dinner, my boyfriend noticed that I hadn't been able to finish my dinner (or, in his words, I had not gotten it done by dinner time). He asked if I could go and make it myself. I said, "no, I can't, I'm going to wait until tomorrow". He got frustrated. He started to tell me that he wanted to make the dish, but I wasn't really interested in doing it, and I didn't want to put the dish on my nightstand or anywhere else, because it was too time-consuming. Then he told me that, since he was going to make it, he wanted me to come along with him. I refused. After all, it was just his way of telling me that it was his idea to do it, not mine. And, again, it wasn't even a good idea, and in fact, I would have made him feel bad if he hadn't wanted to do the dish. Then my boyfriend got very upset, and then he got a little angry and threatened to call the cops if I did not get it done. I was very scared that he would get violent, but it was all just a big mistake. I'm a very calm person, and usually I am able to handle things, but that was just too much.  I just left the house, and my boyfriend told me how disappointed he was that I didn' t make it. I called the cops, and they came and arrested him. They said that they thought that he did it on purpose because I was scared. The cops took him to jail, and the police officer told me to call a different officer, and get my boyfriend back.  The police officer said that he didn't even care if he did get arrested, he just wanted me arrested for being scared. I just went home and waited for my boyfriend to come to jail. Then I called him again, and asked him why he didn' e want me to get arrested. He told me he did want me arrested, but he didn't know how to tell my boyfriend. He just wanted to scare me, and didn
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when it was first shown on DVD, and I thought it was one of the best. It was only when I saw it on DVD later that I realized it was an awful piece of work. First off, I really had no interest in the story of this movie. It seemed to me like it would have been better off with a different writer (it was not the first time this happened in a movie, either), or even with no writer at all. I saw the movie with a bunch of people and they didn't really seem to get it. I don't think they understood what the plot was supposed to be. There was a lot of wasted time, and it was so over-rated. I think they could have done a better job at directing the movie, and the acting was very poor. The director had absolutely no idea what he was doing.  I give it an overall 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just awful. It takes away from the point that the movie should be making and the director could have done so much better with it. The plot is weak and uninteresting, there are way too many scenes that are pointless and unmemorable. This movie also has a rather poor soundtrack. I'm a huge fan of music and the movie had very little to offer in the way of that.  The acting is really poor and the script is poorly written.  I don't recommend this movie at all. I would never pay money to see this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After a couple of years of being a fan of this movie, I finally got it to watch it on DVD and after watching the video, I was shocked to find out that it was the worst movie I've ever seen. I had seen a lot of films that were pretty good but this one was so completely awful, I actually felt sad that I was watching it. The acting was laughable, the story was ridiculous and I just hated it, it just made no sense at all.  I'm sorry that this movie was released and I really wanted to see it in the theater so I was hoping for a positive review about it. But, I can't stand to see such a pathetic excuse for a movie in theaters, this movie made me want to give up on this movie altogether.  This movie is just so, so, SO, SO much like "A Better Man" by Jack Clayton. If you were expecting something completely different and original, this isn't the movie for you.  The only reason this movie even exists is to get Jack Clayton a new contract for the "Pulp Fiction" movies. Jack Clayton is so desperate to get a new movie made that he's willing to pay a little extra to get it. If that doesn't make sense to you, then I'm really sorry that you were watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie once, as it was a DVD release of a DVD made in Germany, that I purchased from a German DVD store. I bought it, and I had a really bad time watching it. It was like an episode of "The Simpsons". All the scenes in the movie are boring and pointless. The only time I liked it was when they were playing the game "Clash of the Titans", but that is the only time in the entire movie that I thought it was entertaining. I also noticed the strange way that they did the DVD, and it was really confusing, because there was no way to change the DVD after you finished watching it! I'm just glad that they made this DVD because I would have lost money and time if I just rented the DVD.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was so predictable that I was left totally flabbergasted and the movie just didn't work at all. This is probably due to the fact that the movie was so boring. There was no actual story to speak of and the only thing I can say that the film was 'good' is that it did contain a few good moments. The only thing that was a 'bad' movie was the acting, which was terrible, but not bad enough to make it completely useless. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was an interesting documentary, but it's very, very hard to see through the whole thing. This is the kind of documentary that you just sit back and wait to see if the camera catches anything interesting. It's not like the documentaries that you can skip through and watch the whole movie. It feels like they were just trying to make this film to get as much footage as they could to show their friends. It didn't really get any better after the film was over.  I found it hard to believe that people are going to see this. It is just a bunch of people talking about their own experiences. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought that this movie was an epic fail. This movie was so far removed from the movie that I thought the writers couldn't have made it any further. I don't know what I'm watching. If you have to ask how this movie could have made money, it's because of the actors. It's all about the writing, the script and the actors' talent. I have no idea what a scriptwriter did to this movie. I mean, you'd think that a studio would care that they have to pay actors. I can't imagine that this script was any good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My husband and I have just watched this movie and he is really disappointed. It is a waste of time. The characters are boring and there is no chemistry between them. The actors are all good but there is absolutely no chemistry with the director. The movie is simply awful. This movie was really boring to watch, it didn't have any real story line or story arcs, just a bunch of scenes. And this movie really left a bad taste in my mouth. I just watched the last 10 minutes and it just felt like the movie was going to end and then all of a sudden, out of nowhere, a character from the movie popped out of the screen and jumped off a cliff. I really don't know how the movie got such a bad rating, I really felt like I was watching some sort of video game. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a disgrace. It looks like it was made with the intention to be awful and to shock, but the whole thing seems to have been made with an eye to the lowest common denominator. The story is so incoherent that I could not make heads or tails of it at all. It is just a big pile of crap. The acting is terrible. The music is terrible, and the movie is too long to make any sense. This movie isn't even worth mentioning. It should be the last thing you see before you pass out. The only reason to see it is if you are really desperate to see some dumb horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those films that I never noticed until it was too late to watch it before I watched it, and then it was way too late for me to stop watching it. I'm going to have to admit that I was shocked by the stupidity and stupidity of the plot. I didn't see the "curse" or the "discovery" until the second time the credits were showing and I was just completely amazed that it didn't happen in the first hour and a half. And, I didn the first time through because I was too bored to stay and watch. And the only way it gets better from there is by showing it in slow motion and slow motion again. It gets worse every time I watch it. And I can only assume that the scriptwriter is a moron, because I can't think of a movie that would make a scriptwriter a moronic moron.  I was so mad at the end, I don't think I ever laughed again.  And I would like to point out that it's a sequel to "Curse of the Blood-Red Moon", which was so awful that it deserves its own movie. I can think of only one movie that could ever do this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing but a pile of garbage. It starts out as an excellent comedy but as soon as it starts to get more serious it becomes a total mess. The acting is bad and the plot is a complete disaster. There is absolutely no plot to speak of. There are no characters that have anything to do with each other. The humor doesn't make up for the lack of plot. And the music and acting are completely unbearable.  I think that there are other movies that are just as bad, but that doesn't mean that this one should be the only movie in the world. It's just a total waste of time and money.   It was definitely made for the "lowbrow" crowd but for the people who can see past the trash and ignore the fact that it is just plain awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching the trailer, I was very skeptical about the film's chances. I had hoped the film would at least be enjoyable to watch. However, the trailer turned out to be nothing short of terrible. A few days later, I came across a link on the internet that showed a video review by someone who had actually seen the film. What a waste of time. I was wondering what was going on with the film, and after reading the review, I decided to go back and watch the film on its own.  After having viewed the film again, I found the story to be utterly dull, and even less entertaining.  I had read in some other reviews that the film was made for children, but I found it very boring for adult audiences. The characters were all flat, lacking any real development. It seemed to have been made just to get people to see it, not to create a good movie. It was a shame that it was made at all, and I am glad it was never released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this movie last night with my brother, and it was awful. Not because the acting was bad or anything, but because it was so boring and poorly written.  It made me wonder how people who made this movie made it, and why it wasn't better. I mean, it has all the same plot beats as most of the other "tweets" that I've seen in the past. And the characters are basically the same ones we've seen since the movie was released. Why did they not spend the time on making them better? I'm not sure what happened with that production. I guess the producers were too lazy to spend time making the movie. It would have been a better movie if they had just spent their time making it.  I think it is a total waste of time. I think if people were more involved with the movie, it would have had a decent rating. I just can't believe that this movie could have had an overall good rating, because it just sucks.   The acting is terrible. Even the people who are good at acting don't act like actors.  The writing is not a good joke either. This is the kind of thing that could have been funny if it was done by someone who knew what they were talking about, but they didn't. It's like they forgot how to write a joke.  So, I'm really sorry for wasting my time on this movie, but I'm still going to watch it again, and I hope you don't watch it, because I think you're all too stupid to sit around watching a movie and laughing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just the tip of the iceberg. It was just OK in parts, but what was most disturbing was the fact that the actors and actresses were all very good looking.  The script is bad, but the actors/actresses are good looking in a way that was not believable.  This is a very poor effort at an action movie. The acting is so poor, the action is so poorly choreographed and scripted, the script is so incoherent that the movie is hard to follow and the dialog is so nonsensical that it is hard for anyone to follow along. I thought that this was a very shallow action movie and that it was so shallow that it made the director seem more important than the actors in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an interesting premise but the execution was absolutely terrible. This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I can only conclude that the makers had a hard time writing the script, and there is a reason why this movie failed to make a mark at the box office. The plot is extremely predictable and the script itself is awful. The actors are totally unbelievable. The only thing that saved this movie was the director's acting skill. The rest of the cast was completely underwhelming. The best thing about this movie is the music. I would give it a 1/10 for the music alone, but the acting was so bad that I just gave it a 4/10 rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had very little to do with the source material and in fact, was a total waste of time. I did not even bother to read the book in the first place and was just so bored with it that I left it on repeat until the end of the movie. I thought I was going to enjoy the movie but instead I was left with the feeling of "This movie is garbage and there's no point in watching it again". The acting was weak, the plot was weak and the characters were awful.  I found it to be so terrible that I actually bought a DVD of this movie.  Overall, this movie is an awful waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so excited to see this movie and then I saw the title. I thought it was going to be a funny movie, I thought the script was interesting and I thought that the director would really be able to capture the essence of the film. But I didn't see it at all. All I saw was a boring, pointless, and completely ridiculous.  I'm not really sure why I even bothered to see the movie. I just felt like it was a waste of my time. I think it was more of a "look how cool it was" kind of movie.  The actors were alright. The movie didn't have much of a plot and it didn't really seem to have a plan at all, which is what made it a "bad movie" in my opinion. It seemed to be more like a joke than a movie. It was just too boring to even watch. I would probably give it a 1 out of 10.  It was worth seeing for what it was, but I would NOT recommend it to anyone unless you want to see a stupid comedy. I give it an 8 out of 20. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the words of some of the people who actually made this film: This movie is the worst thing I've ever seen.  First of all, I was not expecting to see such a boring movie.  It's just a total waste of time. It's absolutely awful. I've seen worse movies, and this one is probably the worst.  The main story is predictable and the characters are annoying, so I could care less about them.  I know that this movie is intended for kids, but I don't think that kids are able to understand that this is just one big joke. The whole thing just doesn't make any sense, and there are only so many times where you have to laugh.  Just like in The Book of Mormon, the movie is supposed to have been a Christian movie. So, I guess, why would the Mormon religion allow such a film to be made? I think the only reason that they allowed this movie to be put out on DVD was because it would help them out financially.   As for the movie itself, I can say that it was made to make a point. The plot is so predictable that you are forced to laugh in the theater. I think that this was a movie made for people who just want to see something that they can laugh at. It doesn't take itself seriously at all. I can't believe that they thought this movie was going to be anything more than a glorified parody of the Book of Mormons. I mean, there are scenes where you think, "Huh, that was a pretty funny thing to see. I wonder how I'm supposed to feel about that." The whole movie just makes no sense, doesn't help you understand the religion, and doesn't even have the courage to tell the truth.  If you want to know why this movie sucks, just ask yourself what this movie would be like if it had any of the same writing as the Book. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was awful. The only reason that I could rate it a 7 instead of a 1 was that the movie actually contained some kind of interesting plot. Unfortunately, there was not enough time in the middle of the movie to develop the plot, so the movie fell flat on its face and I couldn't enjoy it much. It was a waste of time and I would have avoided the movie altogether. If you want to see some boring movie, I'd recommend you not watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script for this movie was about as entertaining as a bad horror movie gets. The acting was weak and the script was boring. The camera shots were slow and had no idea where the camera was pointing. The actors were not funny or likable. The only redeeming factor in this movie is the music, which is really annoying.  This movie was supposed to be an hour long drama with a killer killer at the center of the action. In actuality, it is a half hour long horror movie with a half an hour scene between the killer and the killer's victim. The killer was so bad it's not even funny. It's just a waste of time. I'd give this movie a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie looks like a complete waste of time. In the beginning it is a decent and entertaining movie, but it soon deteriorates to the point where the entire thing looks like an attempt at cheap B-movie action. There are a few decent scenes in the movie, like a scene where a guy is trying to beat up some baddies with a baseball bat, but other than that the whole movie looks boring and has no plot. The acting is just so-so, and the plot is just plain dull. The special effects are weak and the story is so poorly structured that I didn't even care if it made sense or not. It's not even funny.  The plot is completely nonsensical, and it's just not a very good movie to waste your time on. It is one of those movies where you have to sit through more than a few minutes just to make sure you don't miss anything else in the rest of the movie. You will probably end up with the movie in the DVD box if you try to get a copy. It was worth only 4 bucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this when I was about 10 or 11, and when I got home I found it in my VCR. I was in elementary school when it came out. It is a waste of time and should be left to be forgotten.  I wish someone would have taken the time to look at this film for the first time. You can tell it was made in the 70s. It could have been made in any year between 1975 and 1987. It's a bad idea to use an older movie that was made back then to make a modern movie. It was so much better in the 1970s.  The movie doesn't have a plot or characters and you just know the story is about some guy who wants to be a fighter pilot and has to go through some hardships. The problem is that the script and the acting is so wooden and you can't really tell what is going on because the acting sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has all the hallmarks of a bad attempt at the "chosen one" story, and that is saying something. It begins with an opening monologue that introduces the film as a tribute to the "Empire" TV series (I know, I know, that's not what this is).  And the "dinner date" sequence is supposed to be "Easter weekend" in the sense that it's the date of the birth of Jesus Christ. This is not a good way to introduce a film. It is more like a joke at the expense of the series and the actors.  As for the story, it doesn't make sense and is very predictable. In this film the actors and the director try to make the film look as if it was a "chose one" but it just can't work. There are so many plot holes and holes in the plot that the film doesn't really make any sense. I think the director should have stopped at the first line of the opening monolog and started again with the opening line. I really want to believe that this film was not a "real movie" because that's the kind of movie the Empire TV series is, but the movie has a few good points. The cast is good, I like the story a little better than the previous films, the music is good.  There's some decent actors in this film, but none of them are particularly good. And I'm pretty sure that this is the worst film that George Lucas has ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. I'm not kidding. The plot was unbelievable and the acting was awful. The only good thing I can say about it is that it contains the "S" word, which I can't believe a movie would be without it.  If you are in the mood for a bad, poorly directed movie that contains the S word, then I suggest you stay away from this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a really, really bad movie about a really bad film: a man (Tommy Wiseau) who decides to get rid of all of the bad movies he's ever seen and has made in his life, decides to buy some really bad movies that he finds in the local video store and make a new, even worse movie. The problem is that the guy making the movie, Tommy Wiseau, is a really awful actor who doesn't seem to understand how to act and doesn't know how to give a good movie a good story. The result is a movie that is nothing like any of the movies he used to make before. There are only three jokes and one really bad one in the entire movie.  I've seen this movie once before, and it was a really good film about a very, very bad movie. It has all of these bad elements that Tommy Wiseaus seems to think he can make a good film out of, and he has made that movie before. This movie doesn't have a plot or a story; it's just Tommy Wiseuas' attempt at making a bad film about his own bad movie, so I'm not even bothering to give it a rating because I know how he will screw this one up, so if you see this film, you won't be surprised if it turns out to be even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst movie ever made. The only thing that makes it funny is that it was made by a group of guys who had no idea what they were doing. The whole story and characters are so bad, that I can't even be surprised when the whole thing gets a 1 rating. There's no way this movie could have been a success. I can only assume that whoever wrote it had no clue how to make a movie and thought that just putting in a few random lines of dialog would be funny. I guess that's what you'd expect from a group that made this crap. This movie will be seen by absolutely no one. It's just an excuse to laugh at the stupidity of other people who made this movie. It should have been made into a short film, but it's too late for that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a sad case of mistaken identity. The movie is titled "Marrying in the Family", and although the title sounds better, the movie is really about a married couple in the family.  However, the actual movie is not about marriage at all. It is just a glorified, and often ridiculous, attempt to make the movie more appealing by having the two characters talk about each other's family life, and the family's life, in an effort to make it more entertaining. I have seen this movie once before, and it was a waste of my time. The acting is really bad, and I found the storyline confusing and lacking in a sense of story.  I am really disappointed in this movie.  It's just too hard to enjoy. I think that it is one of the worst movies I have ever seen, and possibly the worst movie ever made. It just feels like a waste. It's so unnecessary, and so stupid, that I felt insulted to the movie's makers.  If you're interested in seeing a movie, avoid this movie at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what was so wrong with this, or why so many people found it so entertaining. I mean, I understand that the movie stars and is directed by Steven Soderbergh, so I'm guessing it was made for his own purposes. But this is one of those movies that just won't work, because it's so boring and repetitive.  What the hell is this movie about? It is supposed to be about the plight of the American family in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, but what's up with the idea that people are actually in danger? This movie has been around for so long, and has been so popular, that I'm surprised anyone could actually believe the story.  It's a good movie in its own right, but a waste of time, because of the complete lack of interest shown in the subject. You can only imagine how much Soderberg's acting talent could have been worth, if his movie had been a success, if it had ever made any money. But no, this is a waste. A waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a fan of horror movies. I mean, I have never seen any movie that has disturbed me enough to make me cry. And I can say that I'm sure that this movie was just as disturbing. It's just so boring, it's just awful. It could have been a thriller, but instead it became a "treat". I thought that it was going to be the most interesting film in this genre, but it was not.  I don't think that the director knows what he's doing and I don' think that he's good enough to take a good film seriously.   I think that it's a disgrace that they allowed this thing to be made and then released it to the public. And it's also a disgrace to people who watch these things, and it's an embarrassment to us, who want to see this kind of stuff. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is just plain awful. There is no reason to see this. There are just too many problems. For example, how did the crew of a submarine survive for 3 days without any oxygen? And the movie is so poorly made and so un-cinematic. There was not one joke in it. No one. I have seen movies in which the plot and the movie itself were better, but this is one of the worst. The only thing that was enjoyable was watching the crew laugh after the submarine sank. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film at the cinema and I was so angry with the movie that I didn't want to leave the cinema. I had a couple of friends who were sitting next to me at the time and were very offended by it and had to ask them to leave. I felt like I was watching a bunch of kids playing a video game and then watching them get into fights in the streets with real people.  They were not able to enjoy the film because they were being beaten up for no reason, it made no sense and it made the whole film look like a bunch a idiots trying to imitate a martial arts movie.  The plot and the acting were so boring that I had to take it out of the theatre.  This film is so stupid that even if the film were in 2D, it wouldn't be able to keep up with it. I can't believe that a movie like this exists. It is so boring, it is so unbelievable and so devoid of any substance that I feel bad for the people who are in it. The acting was awful and the plot is so uninteresting that it could be a waste of time.  In the end, I felt disappointed and disgusted with myself. I couldn't help it.  I really wanted to like this movie, I just couldn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful and I was a bit scared of it at the beginning. But I found out later on that there were hidden hints of something better hidden in the movie. The main reason for this horror movie is the very bad acting. It is a complete waste of time. The ending was completely unnecessary and I had no idea how the story ended. The only reason I was watching this movie was because I like the movie: because the movie was about a murderer. But the story is just too unbelievable and the acting was terrible.  I guess it was all just made for a horror movie but that was a bad thing to waste time on. It should have been an 8/10 at least. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In all fairness, this is the most overrated movie I've seen this year.  The plot is pretty interesting, but it never really develops into anything. A lot of the movie was simply not worth watching. The characters were flat, boring and predictable. There was not much story in the movie. It had very little story to work with, and there was no way to tell what happened in the story except for what happened to the characters. I'm really sorry to say this, but this movie made me sick to see it. The actors were all really awful and I don't think I ever saw an actor look so ridiculous. It was so bad I actually laughed out loud at the end of the entire movie.  I hope this is a good movie for people who like a little bit of romance and violence, but don't waste your money on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is only one word to describe the worst movie ever made. A terrible waste of time. If you are looking for a good horror movie, you will have to watch this one. I just can't believe that a studio could make a movie that contains so much wrong. This movie just made me want to throw up.  I don't know how they got it so wrong. The special effects look like they were made in a garage and a bunch of guys from the local movie house had to try and make them look right.  It is a shame that someone would waste their time on this. I would give anything to see this movie again. I mean, it was so stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm no big fan of the James Bond franchise, but this one was just so much like another Bond flick I thought it would actually work. In this case, it doesn't even look like a Bond movie. The acting was awful. I would have laughed if anyone else saw the film, but I don't want to ruin the enjoyment of others by having it spoiled for me.  This movie had a lot of promise. The story was interesting, but there was nothing to hold me back. I gave it a 1/10 and I would say a 10/10. The action was boring, the plot was predictable, and there was no suspense at all. In short, I wouldn't even rate it as a 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just another excuse for a poor movie to be made. It is so boring, it's almost funny. The actors do not have any charisma and the script is predictable and uninteresting. It's like a bad action movie where the hero kills a bunch of bad guys, only to be saved by a few guys in a car. The car is an old Toyota Echo. The only saving grace of the movie is that it has a decent soundtrack. The score is pretty lame and there is no chemistry between the two main characters.  The movie is just about the worst action movie ever made.  It was made in 1999, and the plot is way too convoluted to make sense.  If you are looking for a good action movie, you should skip this movie. I don't recommend it to anyone, but if you're going to see it, please just avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's one thing to make a film about a good movie: the great French director Louis Malle (The Godfather, One Night in Paris) makes a beautiful story about an Italian immigrant family, the life of a small-town girl and the fate of her sister. But the story is ruined by a director who wants to make the story seem like a low-budget Hollywood picture. It's an example of the "Wah-wah-Wah" movies that are too overblown to be believed. And it's a prime example of a film that could have been so good if the writer and director hadn't tried to make their story seem so ordinary. It could have made a better film than this but it's just not a very good movie at all.  I think that people who say this film is a masterpiece are making an unwarranted leap from the reality of the movie to the realm of the fantasy. A movie is not a masterpiece because it's great. It is a great movie because it makes you wish that you were watching a masterpiece. I've seen better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at a friend's house. It was a bad film. It had so much going on that I had to wonder why the cast members didn't just say "what the hell" and leave it. The story was horrible, the acting was terrible, and I laughed like it was my own amusement. The worst part was when the lead characters would go on and on about how great it was and how great their lives were. I couldn't believe how pathetic they were, and it made me want to puke.  I didn't see it in a theater, and that's not the point.  My guess is that it was filmed in a place that was a little too cramped to allow for that much humor. The camera moves were so slow that they looked like they were filmed with a slow cam. The acting was pretty much non-existent. It looked like a bunch of actors that couldn't decide what kind of person they wanted to be.  All in all, it was a very mediocre movie that made me miss the days when I had more money to spend on films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first in a series of stupid and tedious low budget B movies that the director seems to have decided to make. There are no stakes, no story line, no characters, just a few sets and one or two really bad actors.  The plot is so boring and predictable that it could have been made into a bad B movie with a few of the parts in the script. The film is so utterly stupid that you will probably enjoy watching it just because it is so predictable. If you want to see an example of a movie that has a poor script, this is it.  But that is not even the worst of it. The whole thing is completely pointless.  For example, the main characters seem to believe that they are living in an attic where they are being pursued by some kind of monster, but that is nonsense.  There is no reason for the characters to have a "fear of the dark" or to be afraid of the supernatural or to have any kind of obsession with the attic. The only thing that is believable is the fact that the characters are in the attic, they are hiding there and the monster is coming to get them.  Even though there are some scenes that are really well done, the whole film is just boring and stupid.  In one scene the girl was supposed to kiss the monster, the monster tried to kill her and they had to kill it to stop the monster. But they forgot to mention that they had a giant, bloody hand coming out of the monster and they actually had to stab the monster with a kitchen knife.   There are so many other scenes in this film that are stupid that it is a wonder that the producers allowed this movie to be made. This film should be banned from the market.  I give this film 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was so slow, so slow that you didn't even get the point that it wasn't a movie.  The story is the story is boring.  This movie is just a waste of time. If it was that good it would have been better. I am a fan of John C. Reilly but this movie is the lowest of the low. The acting is pathetic and the cinematography is terrible.  Don't waste your time watching this. You'll waste your money and you'll probably be bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an odd movie. I can't see why this one has such a low rating. The actors don't even pretend to have a talent, and the plot seems so unbelievable that I would've thought it was written by a fifth grader. I'm not sure how much of a fan the makers of this film really are. If you have the money to rent this movie, I'd say skip it. If not, just don't rent it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, you'll laugh at the title and feel sorry for the actors who tried to portray this role. I'm not sure if this movie was made for American audiences or if it was made to look like it was for Japanese viewers. The acting was laughable, but the script was completely unfunny. I have never seen this movie in any of the Japanese language movies released in the US, so I cannot tell if this is made in Japan, or just a bunch of American actors who made a film without knowing Japanese, and then wrote the script to look as if it were made for Japanese audiences.  I think it's a disgrace that such a bad film was made in the first place. Why would you make such a dreck film like this? Do you really believe that American audiences would tolerate such an abject waste of their time? I think American audiences do not need to see this movie. It is only made to make money, and to make the producers money. I suggest you not to waste your time watching this movie, and don't bother to pay for it, unless you want to see a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a good movie to watch with your friends, and aren't interested in reading a lengthy review, or trying to decipher why I gave it a 3 instead of a 1, go watch this garbage. You might find it funny, or funny for its own sake, or you might even find it amusing. Either way, you won't get to see any meaningful insight or character development. In fact, you probably won't even see any character development at all.  I was watching the movie with a friend who is a fan of all-ages comic books, and she didn't even get a single line out of the entire movie.  The plot is very predictable, and the only thing that keeps the movie from being completely awful is the occasional appearance of a cameo from an original comic-book character. There's no way to tell who the cameo is, and it just sort of sits in the background.  One of the most annoying things about this movie is that, even though it has absolutely no script, you have to read the book to get the movie, and then you have that awkward conversation about the movie to find out who the character was. The entire plot is basically a huge waste of time.  If the plot doesn't bother you, or if you want to see an adult comedy, watch the Disney Channel's "The Princess and the Frog." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about an average couple that decides to go on vacation in the middle of nowhere. I've heard it before, but I just didn't care to see this crap again. I got the impression from the trailer that this was supposed to be a love story between a woman and her man. I was shocked to find out it was just a love letter to a woman.  There are a couple of good bits in the movie, but it was all just a waste of time and a waste to say the least.  The acting was pretty bad and the direction was poor. If you have a weak stomach for this type of trash, then by all means, go for it. But if you don't like to see the same old same old crap, don't go out of your way to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really want to like this movie, but all I got was a bad ass ending, and the only good thing about it was the ending credits. I can understand the idea behind this movie--a bunch of high school students get a chance to perform a bizarre piece of work, but the way it was filmed just made me want to smack the kid for wasting the money and having to watch it. I think it would have been better if the ending was a bit more believable--the kids would have at least been a bit scared.  If the movie had a real ending, it would've been a real waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so badly made that I was nearly disappointed by it, I just couldn't believe that they were making it. I guess this movie was made for the "tween" generation of teenagers, and they just don't know any better. I didn't care for the movie very much, but I found myself watching it again and again. I just found it annoying. It was very obvious that they had no budget and they had to make the movie on the cheap. The acting was awful, the plot was stupid, and the ending was just plain stupid.  I just dont know how they could have made this movie.  My advice would be to just don' t waste your time on this movie, and just watch a movie like "Halloween 2". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A total waste of time for most of the cast. The only exception to this is Christopher Meloni who does a decent job in the film. The rest of the actors were not very good.  The story is bad, the movie looks very low budget and has terrible acting. The action sequences were not much to look at either. It was just a waste of the time of watching.  I have to admit, I did like the trailer for this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an insult to every movie made in the 70's.  What is this? Why was it made? Why did it take 3 weeks to make? This is just plain crap. Why are there so many stupid movie reviews that criticize the movie?  This is a very shallow and uninteresting movie. You can't even understand why it's made. I can't believe this movie was made in 1978. I would have thought it would have been made in 1975. That's not to say it was bad. But the movie is simply boring. The story doesn't make sense and is just bad. The acting is very unappealing. I just felt it was made for nothing. This movie should have been a joke. I really didn't care for the movie. I felt like it was so uninteresting that I don't even know why it was.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a bad film but not worth the effort to watch it. I don't know why this one was made at all. The acting is awful and there's no story.  The plot is a big fail and I can't understand why this movie was made. The script, though, is fairly good and the story has some promise. The problem is that it doesn't make the effort. The movie is very slow and the plot doesn't get much of a chance to develop. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The film is about a bunch of people getting drunk and getting into trouble, and there are no jokes or any other character development. This isn't an attempt to be funny. It's an attempt at a cheap, poorly acted comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with the usual boring footage of a girl talking on the phone, and then, as if by accident, the camera pans to a scene of the girl in the back seat of a car with a male passenger. We are then introduced to the male passenger (a) the driver (b) the passenger's father (c), and the two of them are talking in the front seat of the car. And then we get to the point where the girl is in the passenger seat, and we are shown nothing more.  The girl's father comes out of the backseat, and, having just got back into his seat, starts talking to the passenger, who is sitting in the driver's seat. The passenger has the same story, the same conversation, but the father, instead of answering the father's questions, is looking down and talking to his girl. The father then says something about how "women are supposed to sit in the middle", and then proceeds to talk about what a woman should do with her hair when she grows up. He then leaves the car, and returns to the girl's room. The girl, who has been in the same room with her father for the entire movie, gets out of her chair and walks out of there. The camera then pans back to the father and the girl, and there are no more shots of the father or the girl for the rest of the movie. It just seems like the father was in the car with his daughter, and the daughter was just walking out of that car when the father started talking about how women should be in the drivers' seat.  I don't know how they thought this was a good idea. This was just a disaster of a movie. A disaster. A complete disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character has some very odd, out of place and offensive ideas about homosexuality.  The film is basically a bunch of guys standing around and talking about gay stuff. It's just too weird to even attempt to make into a film. I really dislike the film for this reason, but it still manages to be funny.  It's not that the characters are offensive or ridiculous, but the idea is pretty dumb. It takes about ten minutes for the characters to explain their homosexuality to the viewer, and there is no actual reason to believe it. I've seen a lot of movies and have come to expect that some people will not understand gay people, and I was prepared for this film to be really stupid and stupid. But what I got instead was an awful, awful mess. The movie has no originality, no plot, no humor, nothing. The only thing I can give this film is that it makes fun of gay men who can't handle rejection. It makes fun out of all of the stereotypical gay stereotypes that gay men get for being gay. The problem is that they make fun of the people who don't fit into those stereotypes. And the only way to get rid of that is to tell them that they are wrong about what their sexuality is. It should be an issue of personal preference, not what you get with a guy. It really should be, but for some reason people don't want to accept that it's a choice, and if it's not an issue with the people you're dating then it's none of your business. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Man Who Could Fly" is an incredibly boring film which has almost no suspense to it. In the first hour it looks as if this film was made to be a straight action film but the rest of the film is very predictable and predictable. The first 45 minutes of the movie consist of a story about a man named Henry (the actor, who appears to have been given a nickname by the crew because he was able to act out most of the dialogue) who is killed on a train (the train was a train in the first few minutes of this film but by the time the film starts the train has been transformed into a helicopter) by a woman named Rosie who is in the next room. Then in the last 40 minutes the film gets predictable and boring.  This film is so slow and so predictable that it is almost impossible to get into it and the only time it does get interesting is when Henry is in his hospital room and the nurse tries to help him. It is obvious that the director thought that it would be a good idea to keep the focus on Henry, so there is no chance to see how the story develops without the aid of the nurse. And the nurse is so annoying that I cannot stand her presence on the film at all.  The only good thing about this film is that it gets about 8 out of 10. If you want a boring film that you can't take your eyes off of then "The Woman Who Could Have Been" might be a decent choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't care if it was an "early" release or not. I don' know how much of this movie has survived. But to say this movie was made on a low budget is not true. It was a movie that would have cost much more to make.  A couple of things I like about the movie: It's really hard to tell how much effort was put into this film compared to other films made in the 1970s. In fact, the movie was not made by the studio, but by a local talent agency that had to fill the quota to meet their quota of a year's worth of movies. This is a real shame.  There are several scenes that have the feel of a trailer for a low-budget comedy. A bunch of people in a room talking on a telephone. A group of people talking on the phone while driving around a big city. A couple in a bar having sex and the woman trying to get some privacy by asking for a ride home. And finally, the woman telling the man she is trying to sell the car that she bought to him the car was actually stolen. That was a stupid scene.  I've seen some movies where the director made the movie look great and the actors looked amazing. I saw this movie and I didn't. The actors were terrible. There was nothing good about this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know it's a big "A" but I found this movie really disappointing. I know how many horror movies are released on the "big" cable networks and how much people would enjoy this but I can't imagine why anyone would watch this. It was just boring, boring, and boring. The plot was so boring and predictable that I just kept watching until it got to the end and I had no idea what happened. The ending was so predictable that it just felt like I had been punched.  I just don't understand how anyone would spend an hour and half on this movie and spend two hours on Netflix just to get to the point where they can enjoy their evening. It's a waste of time and I would have given up on this film if I didn't have kids in the house.   I'm disappointed that they wasted such a small amount of time on this, even if they did have a good idea for a horror movie. I would give them a pass but they should at least make a better horror movie or better horror movies and maybe they can turn it around on the cable channels. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most painful of all the movies I have seen this year, as it is so utterly boring that it has absolutely no entertainment value at all. The script was so poorly written and the acting was so inept that I can only describe it as a comedy of errors. I thought it was supposed to be a comedy. This is not a comedy, it is a series of bizarre events that occur in the middle of a small Texas town that is the site of an unexplained, unexplainable event that has brought a small family together. I suppose I was expecting something like this, and I was very disappointed when I found out it was actually just a movie.  The script is full of errors that are so unbelievable that it makes no sense. For instance, when a police officer shows up at the house and asks about the strange events that have been happening there, the wife says that it was all a dream. The husband then asks, "Do you think the cops are really just after a good movie?" To which the wife replies, "If you say so, then I suppose you are right!" The husband walks off, and the movie proceeds from there without anyone explaining anything.  All of the actors in this film are so obviously incapable of acting that I wonder if they could actually make movies at all anymore. There is one actor that is actually good in the movie, and he is the only one that is capable of doing anything at all in this movie. He is the husband and he has the role of the "mole". The other actors are so bad that they are just plain annoying.  My rating for this movie was 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was absolutely horrendous. I cannot believe that they actually wanted to make a movie about the events in "The Man Who Fell Through The Roof" and "The Woman Who Killed The Werewolf". I would have thought that there was at least some sort of decent script that was going to come through. I can't believe that such a script was even attempted to be made. It is just so horribly awful, that I can only conclude that they were trying to scare the audience. The only thing that I found interesting was that there were only three girls involved. I really don't understand how they could come up with that. This movie is a disgrace to the whole genre of horror. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poorly made, badly acted, poorly directed, badly written, poorly filmed, and poorly acted film.  It's not even funny at all, and I can't imagine that anyone could make such a mistake. It's so poorly acted, that I'm not sure I've ever laughed harder in my life. The plot is so bad that the script and characters are so shallow, that it's almost impossible to care.  I can easily see how people might come up with these things. But that's not what this film is about. This film is an attempt to be "awesome" at the expense of everything that makes a good comedy. It seems to have lost all of its plot and character development, and is basically just a bunch of people shouting, "You're making a bad joke!"  I found the acting to be very poor, and the plot is such that it actually seems worse than the original. This movie is the equivalent of the kid who goes to the movies and sees that there are so many funny things that they can actually do in the movies, and that they don't have to make up any of the jokes.  All of this has nothing to do with the movie itself, but is a waste of everyone's time. The script is terrible, the acting is poor, the direction is terrible. It just comes across as this: "Hey, people, I made a terrible movie, and here's why I made it." I really wish the director had just made this movie and then stopped. The fact that it made it to the big screen makes me even more disappointed in the industry, because I'm a TV fan and I've seen the movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I don't know how to feel about it. I watched it twice, and both times it was awful. I've seen better movies, but this was the worst. The plot is just plain boring, the acting is awful, the direction is awful and it has no plot. This movie has to be one of the worst movies ever made, because the only plot was a couple of guys with the ability to do magic tricks. This is the kind of movie I wish I would never have watched. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole movie is just about a guy (Eddie Adams) going into his basement, and then a bunch of stuff happens, that's all I'll say, but there is a plot in here, and that's it, and you get no reason to care about what happens to him or the people around him. There is no plot here. There's no real tension, no real emotions, just a lot of stupid people running around and trying to get to the good stuff, which is just not that great either.  It's just kind of dull, and it doesn't help that there's only a couple of really good actors in it. I really wish they had just made a movie called "The Movie: A Hole in the basement".  I guess this movie was a big hit with the TV show, "Screaming" (I just saw it again and liked it more). I'd really like to see it in the theater some day, maybe even a repeat run. If it's a real "buddy movie" like it says on the trailer, I'd say go for it. If you can find it on DVD, buy it, but don't buy it from a video store, you'll get burned on the "horrible" box art and it's too late for a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought that this film was directed by "The Last Waltz" director John Frankenheimer, who was the director of "Dinosaur" and "Planet of the Apes", and who also made "The Terminator" and many other poorly-done horror films that are popular in the horror genre. Unfortunately, I was mistaken. I was pleasantly surprised to see that "The Final Waltz", a movie that was supposed to be directed by the much-maligned John Waters, was directed in the classic style by "A-Team".  I do think that the casting of "The First Time" was a huge mistake, but this was just one of the many disasters that occurred during the making of this film. The movie was simply awful. The acting was painfully wooden, the storyline was awful, and the script was absolutely terrible. The worst thing was that the story was completely unbelievable.  I'm not sure if it's the film itself or the writer, but "The Second Time" wasn't nearly as good. It's much better than "The Waltz".  The only reason that "Second Time" got a positive review was because it was a remake of the cult horror movie "Nightmare Alley". If you're interested in watching a horror movie, watch the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, the plot is not even remotely believable. This film shows very little care for anyone in real life. We are shown that a man is being killed by another man on his own property (in some way or another). And the killer's car is parked in a vacant lot on the highway (however, we can see the same place in the movies). The killer kills the driver with a bolt of lightning and takes off to try to escape. In the movie, the driver is only killed after he tries to get away from the killer, who is driving a different car. I would really like to see a better plot in a movie that was released this year. I did not see this film, so I cannot say if there are any redeeming qualities. I think the film is a waste of money for anyone who is looking for a cheap thrill. If you can get past the script and the actors and get past all the special effects, the movie should have been better. If not, just avoid this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad, terrible, boring, and very, very stupid movie. The plot is weak, the acting is terrible, and the cinematography is very, VERY, very slow. It's just not worth seeing for what it is. There's no tension, no action, and only a few really interesting bits of plot. The only reason to watch it is for the sex scenes, but I can't even find them on the Internet.  If you really want to see a bad film, watch this and just leave it alone. The story has nothing to do with the plot at all, and it's just way too long and way too dull to make it worthwhile. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't have much to say here, but if you're interested, I'll leave it to the trailer. I won't even try to justify the stupid plot; it's just awful. I mean, if the original director of the film is really that far off from the original book, how come the sequel was so successful? The movie's a little too long and slow; it makes no sense at all.  In the first film, the film was interesting enough, so it's surprising that the sequel failed to capture the same spark. In the sequel, everything is dull, boring and predictable, and it's obvious that the makers of this movie weren't really interested in the original source material at all, and even the most basic knowledge of the original film is beyond their grasp.   The movie is not only a waste of your time, it's also a waste from the movie industry. This is a very, very cheap movie that could be made better with no budget. It's just plain stupid and dull, which is not a bad thing in itself. It just means that the movie makers will probably be able to make more films with less money than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first heard of this movie when it came out on video, and was surprised to find that I had never heard of it before. When I finally saw it, I was surprised again, because I did not like the movie at all.  I thought that the acting was poor, the directing was too predictable, and the story wasn't that good. This movie is definitely not one to watch unless you have some really big time fun at the movies.  This movie was a waste of time and should not be watched. If you want to watch a bad film with a really bad story and awful acting, try The Lost Boys. It is one of the worst movies ever made, and if you are looking for something better than that, don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not as bad as I thought it was, but not as good as I feared. The acting was weak, and the story was predictable and lame. The movie was also extremely expensive.  I gave the movie a 3/10 because I had seen the video clips before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film for a film festival, and was surprised at how it looked and felt. I would have expected it to be darker than it was. The story line was weak and could have been done better. It was also very slow paced and had no direction. The only redeeming quality was the music and the cinematography, but it was so bad, it could not be worth seeing. I think the director was just out of practice. I gave it a 1/10 because it wasn't bad, but I could have given it a negative rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm really not sure what was the reason for making this movie. I know it was a big hit for the studio and I just found it to be a really stupid idea. They obviously had no clue what they were doing and even worse, they didn't care about the actors' performances. It's a shame that they made this film. There was no plot. There were no stakes, there was no character development and there was nothing really worth mentioning about the film. In fact, it was really just a waste of time. The characters were pretty bland and the plot was even worse. I really wish the studio would have made a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever. It is a horrible mess of a movie with an extremely weak plot and an absurdly stupid ending. The story is totally unnecessary, and the whole film seems to have been made to just put the entire cast together. There are no memorable characters or plotlines, and there are no believable connections between the characters or events. The only thing that I found redeeming was the song from "The Longest Time Ever".  The acting is horrendous, the writing is so bad, the direction is so awful, the sound track is so terrible, the DVD is so terribly low quality that it almost looks like it was ripped off a video camera, and it would have been great if the actors had just stayed in character throughout the entire film. I cannot believe that anyone would willingly watch this trash.  If you really want to see a good movie, go to "The Last Stand". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible film, I think. The only good thing is that it's very interesting to watch the main characters go from one room to another. The director could have made a much better film out of it if he had stuck to a story and had not made it into a "porno flick".  The acting is very unimpressive. The acting was not even as good as the voice of the actor playing the main character. The music was okay, but it was so awful that I had to listen to it over and over again. The ending was just too stupid to be believable.  This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's not even worth showing people that watch it, unless you're a big fan of porno flicks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the story of a girl who comes across an odd-looking boy and finds that he's from some strange place. After they meet, the boy tells her that the girl's friend, a girl from the town, is going to die if the girl doesn't kill him. The girl's best friend, the girl she's with, and the boy's father are all kidnapped by the strange man, and she must save them all from him.  As far as I can tell, there are three major problems with this movie: 1) It is so poorly written, it doesn't even come close to being an acceptable film for kids. The story doesn't seem to have much logic or continuity, the story is full of obvious inconsistencies, and some of the characters don't even have names. The script is so poor, it would have been easier to write a bad comic strip. It's all really stupid and uninteresting. 2) The movie tries to be "dark" but ends up just being an excuse for the film's director to throw in lots of sex and violence. 3) The sex scenes are not even remotely believable, and they're barely even erotic in any sense. They're just sex scenes that would be used for a film about a girl being turned into a sex slave. There are no scenes that make me uncomfortable, and there's only one scene in the entire movie that I really found offensive. The only redeeming feature is that the movie's director has the sense to turn in the best movie of all time, and he's a really funny guy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was very boring and it was very hard to imagine that it was not a bad script, since there was so much action, explosions and so much gun shots.  The director was unknown (I think he made the movie "The Return of the Terror" for "The Evil Eye") and I think he had never directed anything before.  I guess it was a "last chance" film for a director who couldn't make a decent movie in his life. If he didn't get any funding, he probably got fired and never made another film.   The acting was pretty bad, but the movie was so hard to watch and I was so annoyed that I couldn't sleep. I think this movie is just a "mockumentary" made to look as like a movie, and I didn't care for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film as a child, when I was 8. It was awful, and I remember it very clearly, because it was the first film I ever watched with the sound off. I hated it so much, that when I looked at the DVD release, I was shocked to see that it had been made. I'm surprised it's still around. It has no plot, no story, and it's just made out of cheap shots and cheap lines. It's so stupid, it's so bad, it has to be on DVD.   The characters are so bland and stupid, I almost feel bad for watching them. I actually remember this film being made in the 70s, which means it must have been made when I saw it, and probably was made for children. I guess the children must be so desperate to see the film now, because that's the only way they get their money back. This film is a disgrace to the film industry. It is the absolute lowest level of filmmaking I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so angry that the movie is so full of errors and so bad that I felt like it's making fun of me. I know it's supposed to be an anti-war film but it really seems to be about how horrible things are to the average American. The movie was so boring and so devoid of any sort of personality that it made me want to give it to my dog and then burn it with a candle. The acting was so wooden and the story was so flat and boring. It was just an annoying, irritating mess.  I don't recommend watching this film unless you're a true aficionado of this genre. It's so bad, so stupid, so uninteresting, so forgettable that it really makes me want the next bad movie I see to be worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the worst of the worst - absolutely no hope, no joy, no emotion. I just wanted to hate the people in it, not to enjoy it.   The acting was horrible, the plot was pointless and, worst of all, it is just plain boring. I can only conclude that this film was not made for the sake of entertainment - it was made for shock value and I cannot see any entertainment value in it. The music was not good either - it sounded like an awful disco and I can't stand that.  I can hardly stand that they had to make this film without any real point. This film would have been a much better idea to make a joke, with the camera zooming in on the people and their reactions. If the film had been made for a comedy, that would have actually made it funnier. The film made me feel like a bad person, just because I saw it and I couldn't get a laugh out of it. I'm sorry, but I can find nothing in this film to enjoy.  This is a terrible waste of your time and I recommend not to waste your time watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very skeptical about this film until I watched it on the local TV channel. I was only vaguely aware that this was not an original script by the author and director, but I am so sick of being fooled by the writer of "Liar's" who I thought was a genius.  The whole thing just comes across as a pile of crap. The acting is bad and the story line is so predictable that the audience would be hard pressed to make it through the whole movie. It is so disappointing to see this film, but if you can find a copy of this film somewhere (or better yet, buy the DVD), I would recommend watching the entire thing in the video format, but that does not make the movie any better. The DVD and DVD are really bad.  There is no plot, no character development, no twists, and it is not funny.  I am sure that it will be forgotten by many. This is a movie that should not have been made and should not be seen. If you want a film with a plot that is not predictable and is not completely unbelievable, you would be better served by picking up "Beverly Hills Cop" on video. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an extremely uninspired attempt at a sci-fi/horror film, without the slightest thought given to the characters or setting. It is not a great movie, but it's not awful. It's the one of the worst movies I have ever seen, but I have seen worse. It has no originality whatsoever. It contains absolutely nothing interesting, or even coherent. And it's all made up by two actors who can barely get a word in edgewise. If you want a movie to make you feel sorry for the characters, do not watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie when it first came out in 1994. I have watched it since then and I can't believe how much I missed it in 1995. This movie was really stupid. I mean, seriously, what the hell happened? The story was boring, there was no real story to speak of, the acting was horrible, and even the special effects were lame.  I found this movie completely disappointing. I'm not kidding when I say I would have happily paid to watch it if I could. The plot was just so shallow that it seemed like it could have been a really boring movie if the writers were anything like the average movie writers that I know. But even the writers that actually write movies have better plots.  The story in this movie was not really "true" to the story of the movie. The movie really lacked any kind of emotion, and the characters were so flat that I could not relate to them any further. It is really a shame that this movie existed, because I would not have had much of an opinion about the movie if it was at all good. If you want a boring movie that has some sort of "story", I would recommend that you just turn it off, and turn it on when you want to watch a movie where the plot isn't really that much of a big deal.  If you are going to see this movie, at least get a copy of the video. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a disgrace to American cinema.  First, the movie has a very long and boring opening sequence. And when the movie does finally get going it's just a few scenes of a couple of guys and girls talking. What a waste of time. The dialog is painfully boring and all the acting is really bad.  The plot is so poorly structured and the characters are so one-dimensional that it's easy to tell that the director just wanted to make the movie and didn't care about making a good movie.  All in all this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My only problem with this movie is the fact that they are showing a picture of what the characters are doing on a computer monitor in the film. Why did they even bother showing a monitor that small in the first place? I can understand the idea behind the idea of showing the characters in the background of the screen and the idea that the characters will somehow become less human when they are in the computer world but they need to put more effort into the idea and make the computer characters less human. Why can't they just keep showing the computer character as a human being? And if you want to show how the computer works and how it works, don't just show the screen when the characters enter the computer room and the characters don't make any sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not a fun watch at all. If you want to watch the movie for a few minutes then do so but please don't waste your time. I found this movie to be a total waste of time. There was no reason to watch this movie except that I was interested in seeing what kind of movies this director could come up with.  I can say that I saw a lot of things that I just could not understand. This movie is just one long movie of nothing.  The movie is filled with clichs and bad acting and you can tell that the director had very little interest in making a movie. He was probably just trying to get a paycheck. I could see him getting the movie on the festival circuit and selling it to the distributors. If anyone wants to see this movie and think that it will make them laugh, go to the movie theater and sit down with a big drink. I will be disappointed if I have to tell anyone not to watch it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really enjoyed this film, but it just was really disappointing. The only thing that was interesting was the dancing. The dancing was just so boring that I was getting annoyed at it. There was no actual plot, there were no twists, it just didn't feel like it was really trying to be anything. The acting was so bad that it made me feel like I was watching a TV show. It felt so stupid that I laughed at it in the theater.  I would say that this was the worst horror movie I have ever seen.  The only reason I gave it 4/10 is because I enjoyed the dancing in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what you get when you buy an adaptation of a bad novel. The story was a bit slow and predictable but not much. All the actors looked bored and disinterested, and the film didn't have much of a plot. The movie was filled with long, pointless, and uninteresting dialogue. It seemed like the whole cast had a collective case of "munchies". It didn't help that the whole movie was filmed in a dim, dingy studio with only one light source. The worst thing was that the acting was just OK, the cinematography wasn't bad, and there was a cute cameo by a cute, cute, cutie.  It's just a waste of time and money. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, and I hate seeing films that do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a good movie at all. There is no plot. It's just some lame and stupid things that happen to the characters. It doesn't even make sense at times.  The acting is not good either. The two lead actors are just the same. And there's not even any nice music. The music was not played on a bad stereo system. The sound effects are also not good. The special effects were not done well. I was watching this film on the DVD with the original DVD, so it was actually not that bad. But it still sucks.  Just some cheap trash. It sucks. I'll just go back to the old episodes and watch the originals. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second film in a row that was absolutely awful. It is not a shame, in fact it is a great pity, since it was so entertaining to see it so late. It was the worst of the two in that it was also the weakest. I'm not saying that this is the worst movie ever made, just that I found it so boring and uninteresting. The acting is so flat, so unconvincing and so bad that the audience would not have any idea who was who in the story line.   I can't believe that anyone who watches this film will think it was good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original "The Road to Hell" is one of the worst horror movies ever made. This movie is one hell of a mess, but you might get a laugh or two out of it. The writing is horrible, the acting is awful and the music is atrocious. You can tell that the director and actors don't have a clue about horror. If you are looking for a good horror movie then you'll have to pay up and watch something else. This is one case where you can really feel sorry for the cast. The characters are pathetic, and the director didn't do his job to help them improve their performance. The "road" is a boring road. The film's only saving grace is that it contains the best zombie song ever written, but that is only because the rest of the movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not just the director, the actors are awful. I mean, they're not even actors. They're just actors playing a role. And the story is a complete waste of time. It's all just an excuse to put in some stupid and pointless shots and get the characters to talk. It is so terrible, in fact, that I'm surprised I wasn't in tears the first time I saw it. I'm not even sure if I'll ever watch another bad movie in my life.  I really wanted to like this movie, but I just can't. And I know I'm just a movie buff, and I'm probably not the only one. But I really hope I don't have to endure this one more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not impressed with the acting or story line. I have seen some good movies, but none as bad as this. I was expecting to see an action thriller. I expected some violence, and a few explosions, and I was pleasantly surprised to find out there was none. This movie is not an action film at all.  The only interesting story line was the one with the "Wanted" poster in the bathroom.  I don't even know what happened to that poster. Was it destroyed? It was hanging on the wall for about 3 minutes when the whole thing went down.   Overall, this movie is one of the worst films I have ever seen. I will never watch another action flick. This is one more reason why I don' like "The Expendables" series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this movie. This is a movie with a plot to kill everyone and I can not believe that it could be made. This movie has no heart and just a bunch of kids who think that killing someone will help them. This was made by people who were afraid of being killed and wanted to do something cool and dangerous. But you shouldn't be afraid of people who want to do dangerous things. You shouldn't. It's not cool to kill people. It makes no sense.  I didn't understand why there was no guns in this movie because the first one was in "Manhattan", which is where I lived. I wanted to see more guns in movies. I didn a couple of movies where there were no guns. It was just too much.  The movie was made without any effort and without any talent. The plot didn't make any sense. There were no scenes that were really worth watching. The actors were terrible. The script was so poorly written and that made it worse. It had no heart. It didn't even have a plot.  It wasn't scary or violent. It wasn' t scary or scary at all. It just wasn't entertaining.  This movie made me think that "The Hunger Games" was made to scare people. That's a bad thing. If you make a movie that scares people, it's a failure.  "Man's Killers" was an awful movie. I'm going to see a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so poorly written and performed that I could have been writing it and then giving it an 8 for it. The script is just as bad as the actors, so I can only give this 2 out of 10. I'm not sure what happened to these guys but I do know that this is a low budget movie. The budget should have been much more. The only thing that I can say for a good movie is that it was fun to watch, but I would not recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a real shame, as I know I would enjoy it if it were not for the awful dialogue, the lack of atmosphere and the overall blandness. The first act of the film is about the protagonist, a teacher who meets the main character (and a bit of his life before) in his early days and is put on trial for his sins. It is rather sad, and the dialogue is so bad that it seems to be written by a fifth grader. There is not much story to speak about and the plot is very weak.  The second act is rather boring, and is the only part that is even worth mentioning. There are some decent scenes, but they are very brief and the film becomes even more predictable.  I just don't know what they could have done with this film, and it's just not very good.  If you want to see a movie that will make you feel like you are a middle schooler, or you want a movie where you can just get through it, then this is NOT one of them. It's not even remotely good enough to make a joke of it. The script is terrible, the acting is terrible (the only person who seems to have an opinion on this film is my brother, who actually thought the entire movie was about him), the directing is awful (I cannot tell you why this is the case, because I don't understand it), and the script is so confusing that it is impossible to follow the film in any way.  This is NOT the kind of film that you waste your time on, because it just isn't very good at all. I mean, I've seen worse than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no way that the producers could have made this movie. The only thing I can say for it is that the script was okay. The director made a few interesting choices, but not many. The rest of the acting was horrible. The story seemed to have been made up on the spot, and the film itself was pretty much a waste of time. The idea of the movie was to show the dangers of the zombie virus, but it only served to make the characters look even more ridiculous. The cinematography was awful, and there was no sense of suspense or fear. All in all, I thought it was the worst film I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the reviews and I have to say that I am not sure if the critics were correct or not, but if the movie is bad, it's pretty bad. I am sorry to say it but this movie is really bad. And even worse the actors are not good at what they do. The script was not believable at all. I really don't know if it was made for kids, but it is really a pity. I guess if the script was made by adults it would have been okay but it was not made for children.  I really do not know why this movie was made. It was made without any proper production values or even any concept. This movie just seemed like a waste of time and money.  It was just plain stupid. I think the makers of this movie really need to go back to school. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at a friend's house and he asked if I could watch it because I was watching this movie on the internet. So I watched it. And boy did I regret it. This movie had so many inconsistencies and so little plot to make it interesting. The film doesn't really make sense. You know you're watching a movie and then you realize you're actually watching a video clip of a movie that's just a re-edited, low quality version of the movie from the DVD.  I'm not even sure what happened to the actors. I thought that when they played their characters they were actually the actors who played the characters in the movie. It just didn't make sense at all. It was just boring.  All of the jokes and jokes were way too predictable. The jokes were all about things that I could predict. I laughed at them and felt sorry for the characters when the joke was at someone else's expense. The acting was not that great either. The actors don't know how to act. It looks like they did this movie for free because they're actors. The fact that they had to act the way they did in this movie was stupid. It would have been fine if they were just actors who had no other job.  It didn't seem that they were trying to make a point. It didn't seem that the movie was trying to get you to laugh at the ridiculousness of it all. I think it just seemed that they wanted people to see it because it looked funny. And that was what they got. The only reason this movie made it onto the internet is because it was a video-clip that had a video of it on the DVD to make the video. It's not even a good video- clip.  So it's a shame that the makers of this movie couldn't even put some effort into it. It made me think of how much of a waste it was that the people who made this movie didn't even think of this as a movie. I mean, if they had thought of it as a good movie, why did they waste their time making it so lame? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an example of a very bad movie, and the actors in it are very bad in comparison to the original, this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's not funny, and it's not even very good. I can't understand why they would waste so much time and money making this movie, but they did.  This movie is only really good for being an example to people who believe in sequels, and this movie was a huge disappointment to me.  The plot was absolutely pointless and completely unsatisfying. If you're a fan of the original Ghostbusters movie, or any other movie that has a bunch of people in it who can't act, you might like this movie. If not, don't even bother.   The movie was made for $30,000, which is an obscene amount of money for a movie, which was essentially a waste of time and time was wasted.  I would say that the movie is a waste at $30. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie as a kid because it was in the back of the local video store and I figured I'd watch something else that might be of interest to me. I remember I was really interested in watching the original movie (with the title 'Space Invaders') but when I went to the video store I found the movie was 'The Space Invaders: Revenge of the Space Invaders.' I was shocked to learn that this movie was not even a quarter of the original! So, after seeing this, I decided to watch the original film because it is much more interesting and I don't want to have to watch a crappy movie. I found this movie to be completely ridiculous. The film was so slow, and the action was so lackluster that it made the original 'Space Invader' look like 'The Invaders' and I felt like I had been watching a video game for the first 30 minutes of the film. The movie was so poorly made that I can't even tell you how many frames of animation were shown. The animation looked like a 3-D animated film made by an eighth-grader.  There was also an attempt at humor in the film, but it was really bad.  The original 'TheSpaceInvaders' movie is available for streaming on Netflix. The only difference is that it is on a different network. I'm sure if I could find the original it would be better, but the only way I can find it is by purchasing it on DVD. The original is a waste of time and it will be in the garbage of the video rental rack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really, really bad movie.  This movie has so many problems I could list them all but I will only list a few: 1. The cast is all really, REALLY old. 2. The story is completely incoherent. 3. The cinematography is really, totally awful. 4. The music is terrible. 5. The acting is terrible, and the dialogue is terrible...  I cannot recommend this movie. It's just a really bad waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was so much to love about this film, it's just that the whole thing was so terribly boring. I kept watching hoping for something more exciting, but I kept getting a feeling of "how did this happen?" and "why me?".  I'm not sure what it was about this movie that made it so terrible. I just don't understand how people like this stuff. It makes me feel like a piece of crap for watching it, it really makes me angry. I don't like watching stupid movies like this because they're just not worth watching. I want to be entertained and not so frustrated. It just made me feel more like a bunch of losers than I already was. I think it's really a shame that they put such a low budget on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the previews for this movie and I was so disappointed to find out that the director of this film, Christopher Nolan, was a bit of a jerk. I would have liked to have seen the movie in real time, but I don't think anyone else who saw it in theaters was happy with it. The plot was just too ridiculous to make it worth it. Even though it was filmed in New York, I dont think it would have worked in the city. It just felt too flat. It reminded me of a couple of crappy movies I saw at the "New Movie Theater", one was a cheesy romantic comedy, and the other was a horrible thriller. I guess it has to do with the fact that Nolan was making it all on his own.  In the end, I felt like a bit too much of a fool. Maybe it was because I was under the impression that Nolan had made the movie on his way to make a movie of his own, but he really should have gone to the trouble to make his own movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was really depressing to see this film when I first saw it. It seemed like a straight up rip-off of a bad horror movie, with the same lame story and the same cheesy soundtrack. I thought that the direction was very slow, and it had all the same issues. It looked like the story was copied from a TV show that's been on for a couple of years. The acting was weak, and I was just hoping that this film would end up on the "worst film" list. It didn't. In fact, I actually saw a few moments where I thought the director was trying to do a really cool stunt, but he couldn't pull it off, and he ended up looking like he was making a bad, lame joke. I think he could have been better, though. The editing was awful, and there was just no point in watching the whole thing.  The only reason I give it 2 out of 10 is because it has an interesting twist at the end, which I think was probably not going to happen in the movie. I just wish that it had stayed in the 2/10 territory. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a good movie: the first part was the worst, I can't believe that this movie was made. This movie was full of jokes and stupid stuff. This is the first movie that made me think of this movie as a waste of time. This was made in a very bad way and it should be watched by only the fools. The second part was good but this is no longer the movie I saw on the DVD. I will never see this movie again. I just don't get it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was the most boring movie I've ever seen. There were no twists, no interesting characters. I don't even want to watch the video, because it will be so embarrassing for me.  I watched it because it was a DVD, but I doubt anyone else would do that. The movie was just a series of really annoying clips. The only interesting part was when the "star" and the "director" tried to pretend they weren't really making a movie, and the film turned out to be a trailer for a bad horror movie.  My advice is to avoid this movie. You'll be watching it again soon and again until you get bored. It was just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film's main problem is its reliance on the "closest" family members of the main character. But to my surprise, the characters do not seem to have much chemistry with each other. This is unfortunate since the film tries to be as funny as possible. But the film doesn't work. The acting is below-average, and the plot is a complete mess.  There are some moments worth watching. The movie's title is a bad pun. But it's not really a bad film by any means.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A mediocre comedy from the minds of two people who don't know each other, a very basic premise of a movie: a bunch of actors try to convince their friends to go out for drinks together. Then some random events happen, like a car accident, a murder, and a lot of very unappealing plot lines that are not very funny.  The movie ends with the same two guys playing all the roles (except the two main characters), and with all the same actors doing all the voiceovers.  It was OK, but not a good movie.  I can't say I'd be surprised if this movie made it into the "bad movie" category. It wasn't bad enough to make me turn the DVD off, but it wasn't a fun movie to watch either. The plot was boring and the characters were very one-dimensional. The characters in the movie weren't even able to communicate to each other in a coherent way, which makes the movie a very hard watch to watch. There are better movies out there, and better comedies. This movie just isn't a bad comedy. If you can get past the fact that it was a comedy, this movie will not leave a bad taste in your mouth. If this movie was made in the 90's, I'd still give it a bad review. It's an embarrassment to anyone who made this movie. If there's anyone who still thinks this movie is good, I'm sure it's because they don't understand that the people who made it are just as bad as anyone else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just one big mess of mediocrity. This movie has very little to do with the actual movie, and much more to do than just the plot. This is the lowest rating I've ever given a bad flick, and it is very sad that so many people still go to see this. I've been to this movie before, and I still give it a 2 out of 10 rating. Please don't waste your time and money on this film. This was not a good movie, I'm sorry, I just wish I could say more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't funny or funny at all. It is simply annoying, and I can't understand why. It was just too stupid to even try to make sense of it. It has no direction whatsoever, and the plot and direction is all too obvious. The movie just seems like it was filmed on a really bad day. This is a horror movie, and one would expect something that will be scary and bloody. I thought it was going to be like a horror sequel, and that's why I was so annoyed. But it isn't. It just felt like a poorly made, extremely boring, and completely pointless horror movie. The only reason this movie got 4 out of 10 is because the director is a good one. The rest of the cast was awful. The script was a total mess, and it would have been fine if the movie was just a little bit better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of the film was okay but the execution was extremely poor. The whole story was nonsensical and I kept wanting to know what was going on.  In the end it didn't matter because the movie had nothing to do with the plot and there were some scenes that I could have forgiven if they weren't shown in slow motion.  It's a waste of money and time, just like the original "Lone Survivor". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen the movie. I know the premise. It's just bad, really bad. I've watched all the other "Criminal Minds" movies with the exception of the "Tabloid" series, and I know that the cast is a pretty good bunch. That is, until they start doing the same thing.  They have no idea what a good movie is and just want to use their name for profit. This movie is the worst "Criminals" movie ever made.  The plot, for starters, is pretty stupid and boring. The characters are all a bunch of boring stereotypes. It is just a bunch that could have been written by a 7th grader, or by an 8th graders in a class room.  And then, you have the acting. I don't even remember how many times the actors went to the bathroom during a scene, just because it was boring.  I mean, really? You've got all these great actors from "Law & Order" and they all went to bathroom during the filming of this movie?  I would like to add that there is no chemistry between any of the actors. There are only a bunch who have the same character type that they all have, which is pretty pathetic. But, the producers of this show were not paying attention. They are just looking for a quick profit.  That's it. I'll give a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a disaster. It has a script that is just terrible. No chemistry is there. No real humor, except for the fact that the girl is being a total bitch and the boy is totally being a douchebag. The acting is terrible. I think they should have left the boy in the movie.   I found the movie to be a waste of time.  This is a movie that I really wished was not made. It just was so poorly made. I found it to be just a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the trailer, and some of the TV spots, but I still haven't seen the film. I guess it was made for TV, so I don't know what it is, but it's very hard to watch. I can't believe it's that bad, it's so hard to believe. The only thing that makes it better is the fact that it looks like a cheap video-booster, but if you are into this sort of thing, you'll know that is not the case. This is just not a good film to be in, or even to be seen in the theater. It looks like an attempt to make a cult-film, but this movie was not really made for cult-favorites like "Tekken". It looks cheap and amateurish, it looks so cheesy and not like the kind of film you could really get to see in a theater. This isn't even really funny, there are some scenes that aren't that funny. I was just hoping to see something that looked like the "Halo", or maybe the "NHL Hockey".  There's just no reason to waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just had to write this review to let people know how I felt about this movie. I'm not a big fan of movies that have a few things in common with this movie, but I did like the idea of a horror movie, and I liked the idea that it would be set in a haunted house. It seemed like the premise could have worked. There are a lot of bad movies that are set in haunted houses and a lot that are just really bad movies.  Well, this movie had none of the things that made movies like "House of the Dead" or "Halloween 4" fun. It wasn't scary, it wasn't frightening, it didn't scare the audience or make them jump out of their seats. I didn't even like the fact that they used actors in these movies. The only thing I thought was really bad was the ending. I would have been happier with the ending if the movie ended before it got scary.  The idea of having the monster and the heroine running around in the woods really wasn't that original. I mean, the idea never existed before this movie was made. You just didn't see movies like that in the 80's or 90's. And the fact they used a really lame special effects is pretty insulting. It's like they forgot that special effects used to be used in movies like this. It would have worked better if the ending was actually scary. That would have made the ending really worth it.  I did enjoy the idea, though. It didn't really have anything to do with the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think it's fair to say this movie is bad. In fact, it's quite good. It has some interesting bits, but it's not very well made, it doesn't have a lot of plot, and it doesn`t even make sense. The only good thing about it is that it contains some nudity.  As a matter of fact, the movie is actually very good for its genre. It is a low budget horror film, but is nothing to be proud of. The characters are not believable, the plot is shallow, and the gore is pretty lame. The acting is terrible, and this movie could be one of the worst horror movies ever made.  It is worth noting that this movie was made in France. I've heard that this is a problem in France, because people are afraid of the horror genre. However, the problem isn't that people are scared of horror movies. The problem is that they don't make a good horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had no idea why this movie was so poorly made until I read the comments.  The main story line doesn't make sense. There are so many inconsistencies that the movie feels like a one way ticket to hell. I can't imagine anyone making this movie with such a low budget. The acting is terrible, the directing is bad, and the editing is bad. This movie is a waste of time. The entire movie is nothing but a waste. I gave it a 1/10. I wouldn't waste your time watching it, and I wouldn''t waste your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The acting is absolutely terrible, the plot is predictable, the story line isn't believable, the characters don't feel like real people and the entire movie is extremely predictable. Even the music is awful. The only redeeming quality is that the movie was a little bit funny, but even then, I was thoroughly bored. This is an awful film that will probably only get a 1/10 rating from those who love cheesy B-movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that I like about this movie is the premise. It's just a bunch of guys talking to each other about what a terrible movie they made, but it's so bad that they can't even keep track of it. The movie gets better as the credits roll, but by the time the credits have rolled it's about 10 minutes into the movie and the movie has already started to get completely out of control. This movie is just as pointless as a bad college movie about a bunch who got into trouble. The plot is so bad, it's laughable. I mean, just think about it for a moment. A guy tries to get the girl of his dreams, she goes along with him and he does his best to ruin everything, but she eventually leaves. He leaves in a truck and the girl's boyfriend is killed in the process. What's the guy's name? Is it... "Sloth"? The guy dies and the next day he's seen on the news. The girl's parents decide to go after the guy and they're so angry and frustrated that they're going to shoot him.   I can't believe anyone in the cast thought this movie was funny. I can only assume they were in on it. It was just too bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really didn't enjoy this movie at all. It had some interesting moments and some good action sequences, but overall it just felt like it was made just for the sake of being on the Internet and that was the least of it. The acting was just awful. The story itself was so boring and the ending was so unsatisfying.  The worst part was that the movie's score was absolutely terrible. It sounded like someone had actually done it, and then they had to pay somebody to write a good score, but this movie was so awful that I didn't know who was actually responsible for it.  I'm sure there are plenty of other reviews that I could give to make my points, but for the record, I gave it 1/10, and I'm really not sure why I gave that rating to a movie that I thought was just okay. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not an original story or a very good one. It's basically a bunch of different stories and scenes from different movies. I can't even tell what was the original storyline and what is the first movie. The story itself is pretty basic. There is no tension, no excitement, and just a few moments that might have been interesting if they weren't for the rest of the movie.  The only redeeming point is that the movie does get to be quite entertaining. The acting is poor, the direction is bad, and the cinematography is very poor. The characters are completely unbelievable, and this is the second movie where I was able to find myself completely disconnected from the characters.  So, I can only conclude that this is a low budget movie made in the 90's. The plot is weak, the acting is bad and the movie looks like it was made in 2 days. The only saving grace is that it did have the most famous person in it at the time, and he doesn't seem to care either way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what a film that looks so nice and promising on the surface is really like. I mean, it looks good on the screen and on the cover, but it's not what you actually get from the movie. The film is so short and so uninspiring and so shallow and so predictable that it actually hurts the movie when you know what it is. In fact, this is the worst film I've ever seen. It's so flat, so bland, so shallow, so predictable, so pointless, that it makes you feel sorry for the actors and the director.   So why does this film keep getting made? Why do people keep spending money on it? Why does it have to be this bad? It is absolutely disgusting. And it isn't a good movie to watch in a theater. It isn't even a good film to see on DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are many reviews out there on this bad movie. But the fact that I can give this movie one star is something of a rarity. It's a little hard to believe that a film this bad could be so popular. But it was. This is one of the most embarrassing film I've ever seen. This movie should be taken with a grain of salt. This film is one that will ruin your life. I don't recommend you watch this movie. This doesn't even deserve to be a 1. But if you do, I suggest you go to the cinema and watch the movie over and over again. You will regret it for the rest of your life and there will be a lot of blood. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Last Witch" is a movie that tries to be a horror movie but is really more of a horror/fantasy flick. The whole movie consists of the protagonist killing the witches and their pets. The movie has no redeeming features whatsoever and just ends up being a pile of gore.  The acting is horrible, the directing is terrible and the special effects are really not believable.  A lot of fans of the "Last Witch" are probably disappointed to see this movie. This movie is really not a horror flick but just a waste of time. I'm not even sure if I would be able to see myself getting killed at this movie's end. This is a very poorly made movie and does nothing for horror or fantasy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was awful, the story was predictable and the directing was so stupid. This was just another lame attempt by some low-budget director who got a chance to make a quick buck, and who got bored of it and turned in his film in a few days. The acting and the story were so bad, the scenes were so boring, and the plot so predictable, that it was really hard to figure out how to watch the film. The cinematography was pretty bad, especially in the beginning when the camera was on the side of the building, but the lighting was very dim.  The only good parts of this film were the two endings. One was the only thing that I really liked, the other was the worst part of the film and the worst of the entire series.  I give it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a really strange movie. The movie was really dull, and there are some really odd elements. The plot and acting was very predictable, and the story was not coherent.  It was so poorly acted that even some people who watched the movie couldn't make out what was happening, or what was supposed to be happening. The only way you could make out was by the fact that it was being shot in slow motion. The acting was so bad that it's almost impossible to tell what was actually going on, and it's so bad you almost feel like you are watching the characters' eyes moving. I could barely watch it, and I'm not a big fan of movies where there are only 3 or 4 actors in it.  I'm sorry to say this, but it's a bad film that doesn't deserve a 10 out of 10. The reason why it gets a 10 is because it contains one of the worst lines in the entire movie: "I think you're going to like it, because it's just like you want it to be." I don't even know what that means. If I didn't know, I wouldn't have rated it so low. It's just so awful. It was really depressing to see this in the movies. The cast is terrible, the acting is so bad, the writing is so stupid, the story is so unbelievable. If you're looking for a good film, skip this. It is not worth watching, unless you're a really big fan. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so awful that it is really hard to come up with a positive review for it. It's a mess, it's stupid and it's just plain boring.  The only redeeming factor was that it had a decent supporting cast. But even that was overshadowed by the fact that the main characters were such a big dud. And you get the feeling that they were made to be an afterthought.  I guess this is what happens when you don't have the resources to make a good film: you just dump it on the screen and hope that it's good enough to make it. This film could have been so much better. And I'm glad that it was just a low budget, low budget production. The crew could have really done better.  It's just a waste of time, money and effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "A man who is willing to do almost anything for his family and friends has a secret he wants to keep from the rest of the world. His wife and son have been kidnapped, and the world is in chaos as he tries to find the kidnapper. A mysterious woman who was kidnapped and is now in hiding is involved in the events. This woman's story is revealed in flashbacks and dreams. The plot of this film is far from the best, but it is a good enough movie to have a hard time watching. The film seems to have been made without any planning, and does not seem to have any idea what it wants to do. There are some scenes where a person in a dream seems to be in a bad mood and a bad situation, and I was disappointed. But it was a very strange movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line is interesting, but is a complete waste of time. The ending, for which I am sure was supposed to be quite inventive, is quite disappointing, and I had to stop watching the film after half an hour of boredom. It is hard to say whether this was a film made in 30 minutes, or just 20 minutes. The pacing is quite slow, and the acting is fairly predictable. The only thing I liked was the fact that it was filmed in the suburbs of Sydney. This is the same suburb in which the Sydney Olympic Games were held, but it was probably too close to the Olympic Stadium to provide the same level of atmosphere. It would be nice to see a sequel to this, but I would like to see it in the same setting. The movie is probably not worth watching unless you have a particularly low tolerance for boring, uninteresting films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had the dubious honor of being made for a Spanish-speaking movie audience, but was made in an American-speaking studio in Mexico City. That's probably why it wasn't released in the US, because the Spanish audience would have hated it. The story of a young Mexican-American boy, who, in a fight with a group of Mexicans, kills two Mexican cops, was just as clichd as a Hollywood movie can get. And the film made in Mexico, while not exactly terrible, is not as good as what was made here in the States. The film was just OK, but it didn't have the charm of the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was absolutely awful. Not only did the actors fail to capture the spirit of the movie, but they also failed to make a movie about anything other than a bunch of old ladies getting together for a day of golf. The movie had no direction, no story, no script, and absolutely no charm. The characters were so bland, it's hard to believe anyone would fall for them. The story was predictable and the acting was awful, even by Burt Reynolds standards.  All in all, a bad, stupid movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie for the first time in the theaters, I'm pretty sure this is the first film I have ever seen where a person had to get drunk on the way to the movie theater. There was an actual scene in the movie where people were drinking from their own urine and vomiting. People who drank this drink were either passed out or passed out in the middle of the movie.  The movie was pretty slow paced, I didn't really understand what was going on and the dialog seemed pretty cheesy. The acting was pretty bad and it was really sad seeing the first movie where the actors had to be drunk.  This movie really is a waste of time and it's really really bad. There are better movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had known that this was going to be a 2/3 of the films I have seen thus far, I would have avoided the whole thing. And I do mean that literally, because of how terrible the film is.  The acting is terrible. The writing is just as bad, though. The script is so bad that I actually laughed at the beginning of the film. It was so bad I almost wanted to kill myself. The acting was so terrible that the director should be fired. And that's not even the worst part, since the director, George Nolfi, is also a director for "The Simpsons", so he knows exactly how to make a film that is so, so, bad. I mean, just look at the first 15 minutes. The only reason I can give it 3/10 is because it's a "3/10" film, meaning it isn't as bad as a 1/10, but it still isn't worth seeing, because it is so awful.  So, go ahead and see it, but if you do, make sure that you do so on a day when it's not going to get any worse, because the rest of the review will be more painful than this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thought I got when watching this film was that it must have been filmed in a daydream. I thought it must be based on some sort of dream-time. The acting was awful and the movie was very confusing and hard to follow.  It wasn't that bad in terms of its story or plot, but the editing and the story of the main character was so convoluted and so far from what actually happened in the dream it made it hard to even follow. The movie seemed to be the same from beginning to end, but in real life it wasn't. It wasn.   If you're looking for a good dream-film, go to the local video store and buy a copy of "The Boy in the Dream". But don't buy it. Don't waste your time. If you want a good horror movie, go see "Nightmare" or "Shade". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen a movie so terrible and awful, but this is certainly the worst I've ever seen of its kind. I can't even imagine what a writer or director would have had in mind for such a piece. The acting is just awful, the plot is stupid, and the visuals just look awful.  I'm surprised that they did this one. I mean, it's not that this movie doesn't have some good points. It has some great moments, and there are certainly some beautiful shots of the stars in space, but the story is so awful that I cannot forgive this movie for ever.  The movie is a little too cheesy for my taste, but it's still better than other films like this one have ever made.  My final rating for this movie is just 1/10. I would recommend that you avoid this movie at all costs. I don't know what they were thinking when making this one, but I think they just got a bad script from the writer, or the director, or whoever wrote the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie that is not even worth watching in the least. It is so boring, I cannot imagine anyone watching it. It doesn't even have the potential to be funny. It's a waste of time and I am not a fan of comedies, but I cannot see anyone enjoying this movie. I did not even want to finish the movie because it was so so boring and not even funny. The acting was so awful and I felt like it was going to be an hour and a half of boredom. The music was awful. I cannot believe that they made a movie with so much bad music.  I have no idea why anyone would watch this. I'm a fan, of course, but not the first time I watched this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film when I was in high school, and I thought it was interesting for a couple of hours, but I was completely disgusted by it. It had a very strange plot that didn't make any sense at all. There was no character development at all, and the whole movie was just filled with a lot of pointless action and no story whatsoever. I think it would have been better if it had just been a low budget indie film.  This movie is so uninteresting, that it actually makes you want to quit watching movies in general. I really hope that someone will make a remake of this film. It would be more interesting and more entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a complete disappointment. It's really boring and uninspired. It has an awful ending and only serves to add insult to injury by bringing to the screen a bunch of actors who couldn't give a decent performance. It was so badly written and so poorly acted that it would have been better if they had just stuck to the script and avoided the whole thing. This film should have been a comedy. This is a horror film that's supposed to be scary. It should be scary and have some sort of mystery to it. And, to be honest, it does have some horror elements. But it's just awful and it's completely devoid of any sort of character development or excitement. It could have been great if the actors were better. But they were awful and I think that they should have left it at that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few months after the release of "The Matrix," the original "Matrix" trilogy had come to an end. This sequel to the first film in the series had been released in theatres with the title "The Return" (the first film had been named "The Awakening"). There was an opening scene featuring the Oracle (Rip Torn) being interrogated by Neo (Keanu Reeves) at the Matrix's headquarters. As the Oracle is getting questioned by Neo, the screen fades to black, and the following scene plays out. As Neo looks through the dark room, a voice comes through a loudspeaker, and a voice, and suddenly the screen is lit up. This is supposed to be the Oracle, speaking with a voice that sounds like a high school student. "The Oracle has given the order," the voice says, "to bring about the end of the world. Now it's your turn." A red screen of numbers appears on the screen, and then the screen goes black. The lights come back on, and this is what happens. The numbers are now all black.  The opening scene is a complete waste of time, because of the poor acting, and for the most part, the film just falls apart after this point. This film is a waste of money and time.  A couple of things I liked about the original are the fact that the movie did not focus entirely on the Matrix itself. Instead, it looked at the various people who were connected to the Matrix and the humans that they lived among. The original film also had a few cool shots of Neo climbing up on the wall of the Matrix, and of Neo and Morpheus (Willem Daffrey) running in the woods together. But the movie doesn't go deep enough to really make a good story out of this. The story is a total drag, and there's not much of a story here, just a bunch of exposition, and exposition in the way that the original film was able to do. The movie also isn't very good. The acting is really not up to par with the original. The only actor that really has any redeeming qualities is Keanu Reeves. His character is a little weak, but overall, the movie just isn't a very good film.  Overall, "The Resistance" is a really bad film. It's just not a very great film. This movie doesn.t make much sense at all. It just is a boring, tedious, and very low budget
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was terrible, with the most predictable story line ever. It had a story that could have been a lot better, with a bit more time and more work. I can't understand why the director put in the "we're just a bunch of friends who play in bands and we like to have fun" part of the movie, because they could have just as easily made it about a band who had to deal with a bunch problems at the beginning and end of the film. There are no jokes in the movie. It's just about a bunch who want to have a good time. You could tell a lot more from the script and the story line that this movie had. It was basically just a glorified, low budget, MTV type of thing.  I wish I had to give it a 1 out of 10. I really want to give this movie 1/10, but I'm not even sure if I did, because I was just as dumbfounded as everyone else. I was disappointed. I'm sure I will give it another chance later. But for now, I give it 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely awful. There's not much to say about it. The movie is actually the worst I've seen in my entire life. It is just so awful and awful and so unbelievably awful and the only thing that keeps me going is the fact that I just want to see the movie more than I want to hate it. So much so that I actually spent nearly an hour on the phone with a guy who was a complete and total stranger just to complain about the film and give me his thoughts on it. He said that it was terrible, but I couldn't understand why. He kept talking about how it was just one of those "cult movies" that everyone thinks is great, and I told him I couldn' have cared less about any of it except for the fact it made money. He agreed, and then he got really frustrated and asked me if I wanted to "get it all off his chest".  Anyway, this movie is so stupid and so bad and so utterly awful that I am actually afraid of giving it an 8 because I just don't want to think about it anymore.  I'm not even sure what I'm supposed to do with this review. I'll just say this, though: I can't stand movies that have this much of a bad aftertaste, and the movie is definitely one of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some things that can be done on a low budget that aren't easy to do. In this case, it means having the director (who is obviously not a director at all) cut out some of the most embarrassing scenes, leaving the movie looking like a very, very bad B-Movie. I have to give credit to whoever was in charge of this project. It's a waste of money. The whole movie is nothing but a bunch of awkward shots and lame action. It just isn't worth the time it takes to watch. I found myself walking away from the DVD with a bad taste in my mouth. It would have been nice to have had the director actually give a proper explanation about what happened in this movie. That would have made the movie much more enjoyable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a good movie. It is just not very good. There are many things wrong with it. There is no plot, there are too many characters. It makes no sense at all, and the plot is too convoluted. And there are some scenes that just make no sense.  The characters are all too stupid. They act in a way that is really annoying. I think the script is too much like a script written by a 10 year old. There's just no direction in the script. The acting is so terrible. If you want to see a really bad movie, watch the last 10 minutes of the trailer for "The Hangover 2". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film for the first time in 2013 and was utterly appalled. I was hoping that it would have aged well, but it looks like it has aged terribly. The cast is terrible and the plot is so unbelievable that I was expecting it to be very funny. But I don't know how they made the plot even remotely believable. They seemed to have had the script and plot of this film written a few months before filming.  The acting is absolutely horrible and the direction is so unimpressive that it's a real shame. The acting seems to be so poor that most of the people in the film actually think that they're acting in it. They're clearly not even capable of making a joke.  I'm surprised that this film is being released by the Criterion Collection. They seem to be embarrassed that they've made such a bad film and will probably release a decent one as soon as possible. I'm not really surprised. I've seen worse films from this director and he's a horrible director. This film could have been made better by a bunch of school kids with the script written by some random guy on the street who decided that it was a good idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry to say I loved the first movie. The second movie just made me dislike it.  The movie starts out so good but by the end the movie was boring. The acting is horrible and it makes the story feel really repetitive and uninteresting. I would like to give it a 1.5 out of 10, but not only because it was so bad. The plot is so poorly executed. The ending of the movie is a big disappointment.  I could see how the writers could have made the movie into something great. Maybe they just wanted to make a quick movie with a decent story. The first movie had an interesting idea, a plot and good acting. The movie that is made into a horrible mess just turned into a boring, uninteresting movie.  It's just bad. It's bad, plain and simple. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original movie had great actors but this is just a waste of time. You can see the original actors in this film but the acting in this movie is really terrible. The movie is just boring. It is about as entertaining as watching a couple of drunk teenagers get together at a party. There is no plot or character development. There are so many plot holes and inconsistencies that I just can't believe this is a comedy. The script is so convoluted that the movie can't be classified as a comedy or horror film. It has nothing to do with horror or even comedy.  It's a waste. The only reason this movie has a rating of 1 is because the director/screenwriter/writer of the original movie thought this movie would appeal to horror fans. I just don't think that's a good idea. The original film was so great because it was so original and so original. This movie just seems to be trying to do the same thing. It's just too boring. The actors are so awful in this and the director just seems bored and out of his mind. I don't know what this movie was supposed to be but it didn't work for me.  I give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have not seen the trailer for this movie, I recommend you not watch it. If you do, then I will be very angry with you.  The acting was awful, and it did not make any sense.  If anyone could explain how the script was written, and how it could possibly be that terrible, I would love to know! The only thing that kept this movie from getting a 1 out of 10 rating is the fact that it is in English. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit that this movie was really quite disappointing. I would have expected better from a low budget film with no money behind it. The acting was so-so, the story was predictable, and the animation was so poorly done. It could have been a lot worse. It was definitely not worth seeing at all, and I would recommend it only for children's films that are not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie at a local video store and was really excited to see it, but was disappointed when I saw it. It seemed to have been made for a low budget video game, and it was extremely unappealing. The acting was very, very poor, and the plot is very predictable. I felt like I was watching a Disney cartoon instead of a film. There was no story, and not even an ending! If you're interested in making a low-budget video game movie, go buy a DVD of the Super Nintendo version of Mario Bros. instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've read and seen plenty of bad movies on DVD and there's always something about this one that's so unbelievable it's hard to believe it could actually happen. For some reason this film was even less believable when I watched it on DVD, and it seems that this DVD was made before I saw the DVD. In the original version of the movie I saw it was actually better than I remembered it being, but in this DVD version it's not even a little bit better, it's just awful! There is absolutely nothing good about this film. Even though the director had a good idea for a horror movie, and the actors were decent, this movie just seems like a cheap attempt at making an action thriller. The actors act like cardboard cutouts with no personality, and while there's a nice atmosphere of fear and tension, there's no reason for anyone to care. There are only a couple of scary moments, but they're really few and far between, and I don't think that the director was aiming for horror movie fans to be scared. The story has a bad premise and isn't believable, and there are only about 5 or 6 scares worth of entertainment. The only thing that keeps me coming back to watch this film is the music. I can't understand why someone made it as terrible as it is. It's just too weird and the songs don't fit at all. I wish the director could've made it better by adding more atmosphere and more scares. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot has nothing to do with the characters and story and is just a bunch of pointless and annoying dialogue. The characters are annoying and the director and actors are totally not believable. I gave it a 2 because it is not a very funny movie and there are some amusing scenes but it is still really bad. I give this movie 1 out of 10 because it could have been better. I think it could of been a 10 out of 15. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many things wrong with this movie, I don't know where to begin. From the very beginning, the movie is slow, boring, and repetitive. The movie could have been much better if it was less than 10 minutes long. The story is so predictable that it makes you wonder why you would even bother to watch it. And the acting is so unbelievable that you can't help but laugh at the actors. It's like watching a movie about a teenager who has been in love with an older man all his life, but he can't get over it because he's too old to do anything about it.  I don a couple things that bothered me though, and I thought they were worth mentioning. I'm going to keep this review short because I'm getting tired of all the negative comments. I thought the movie was slow because the characters didn't seem to understand that their situation was supposed to be dramatic, but it was never played out that way in the movie. There are also a few scenes that seem to take place in the present tense, and when they happen, they are so obviously ridiculous that you almost don't care at all.  The movie is not funny, it's really boring, it lacks a plot, it doesn't make sense at all, it just kind of sucks. It has a whole bunch of actors that I don' like, but that's about it for the whole movie.  This movie is an absolute waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second film I've seen that's made me feel like it's not my fault.  I thought this was the first film I ever rented because I liked the concept and I was intrigued. The story was very weak, and the direction was not great, so I was not sure if it could even be made into a film. But even though it had not yet been released, I rented it because I wanted to see how a film could be so terrible. The movie has only three really great scenes - the first one is very weak and the second one was just plain awful. The third one was okay. The rest of the film is just boring, and I think I could have made it better.  This was the worst film I have ever rented - I really want to hate it, but I just can't. The acting was so awful and the directing was so bad that I thought it was made for a comedy show, but the humor was so much worse. I wish I had never rented this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole movie is a pile of recycled old ideas and ideas. There are so many clichds, so many things that are already cliche in movies today that it makes this film seem like an effort to create a movie out of whole cloth. It seems as though this film was made in an attempt to look at the way that movies are made today and how that movie is made. The result is an average movie. I give this movie 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie several times and even though I am a bit disappointed, I am still very happy to have seen it. I found it to be an extremely boring and shallow movie. I think the director and writer have no idea how to make a movie with even the slightest bit of real drama. The characters seem to have been written by a 10 year old. In a movie like this, one can't expect much.  The movie is about a kid who dies in his sleep and wakes up in a strange world. How will he make it to the school and who is his teacher? How will the kids in the school react to him? Why is the school in the woods? Why did the kid not know where he is and what is going on around him? If you are going to see this movie, you need to spend a lot of time thinking about it. The movie makes no sense at all. I really hope the movie gets released on DVD because that would mean I would have to spend an hour and a half watching it over and over again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off I would like to say that the acting in this movie is horrible. This movie is a very slow moving film and is very predictable. The story is not believable at all. The whole movie is about a young girl who is obsessed with her dog.  This movie isn't worth your time and you shouldn't waste your time watching this movie.  If you're a dog lover you will probably enjoy this movie because you can't say the name of the movie. If you don't like dogs and don't want to see a dog movie then don't watch this movie and don to think it's one of the worst movies ever made.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you ever wondered why the producers of the "Drama" series didn't like to use their own characters, this is it. If you want to make a series about a murder case that could be based on a real one, you'd better find someone else to make the movie. This film isn't really a murder mystery at all; it's a story about a man who is in love with a woman who he's never met in real life.  The cast, and especially the actor, are both overrated. I'm not sure if it was the writer's fault or the director's, but it sure looks like he was a bit off on the casting. A couple of the characters had more than a few acting flaws. In one instance, the guy was so obviously over the top and the movie made no sense, that I wondered if the director had been drinking. The rest of the cast is pretty much unknown, but I can't say I like the way they all looked like a bunch of young guys who were on a couple of drugs, and the way the guy looks like a middle-aged man who was in the early stages of Parkinson's disease. This isn't a good movie for anyone who wants to see a killer in action, because the plot is so poorly conceived that it doesn't even make sense.  If anyone wants to watch this movie, I'd say go ahead and look elsewhere, but don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has some decent stuff but has a terrible ending, no way to understand why the main character dies. You will probably be able to figure out who the killer was once the movie is over.  This is not a comedy or horror movie. I was expecting a lot of fun out of it. This is about the lowest of the low in a bad comedy. The film should not have been made and was made to make money. It's not a horror movie but I'm not complaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has absolutely nothing to do with a horror movie at all. I can't say I am a horror film fan by any means, but I can say I don't like it much at all, and I am not a horror fan who is very much a fan of this type of thing. I would have liked to see this director try to make something that could have been a bit more interesting. In fact, I would just like to see the director make a film that was actually scary, but this film just isn't scary. It's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an absolute waste of time and the plot and script is just awful. It makes no sense whatsoever. The movie is so predictable that you get the impression that the director never knew how to write. It also has a ridiculously low budget. A total waste of money and time. I would suggest not wasting your time watching this movie if you are not a fan of the series. The series is very disappointing to watch because of the plot. The only thing worse is that the movie was edited in a way that makes the movie seem more like a radio drama than a film. I can understand why the director cut the ending. It's pretty lame, but in the middle of the movie, the director was still trying to get the movie to look like a film, so he had to put it back together. But it doesn't help that the film is a complete disaster. The acting is very amateurish, and the music is terrible. This movie should be considered a waste of your time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very bland, boring, slow-moving, plot-less, and terribly slow film. It is just not entertaining at all. This was the second time I have ever seen a film that was so weak and incoherent that I didn't care to watch it. This is one of the most disappointing films I've ever seen, and by far the worst film I've seen on IMDb. It's not even entertaining in the most basic sense of the word. The story is about a very boring guy who is a bit drunk in his hotel room. A guy (I think?) in the movie asks him a question about what he is thinking of that night. And this is where things get very boring. There is no suspense, no character development, no action, no story, just... nothing. It really does not get better as it goes along, although the plot does get more and more convoluted. I was so disappointed by the fact that the film just could not have been any better, and it really was just...not good at all, I don't know how to explain it, just so bad. I'm really not sure what went wrong with this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Won't you take me to a bad place? I'm sorry, but this movie has so many plot holes, it's almost as if it was made by the director's own children."  I found this movie utterly pointless and boring, and I found it utterly disgusting. I just found it so disgusting that I had to put it on the list of 'worst movies ever made'. I mean, I can't stand it when someone makes a movie with so much plot holes. How could they not make a movie that is so boring and stupid? And how could the writers of this movie not realize that it would be such a waste of time making a movie about a man who only really thinks he's a great artist when he's surrounded by mediocre artists? The only reason I can see that they might have thought of this is because they've been working for Disney, which is owned by Rupert Murdoch. I guess they didn't want to risk their jobs if they didn a movie like this. I can understand that. If you're a Disney employee, you know that Disney can and will make a film with as much or as little plot holes as they want. The fact that this movie exists is a complete disgrace to this movie industry. I think this movie should be the worst of the worst, because it's so awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got this film on DVD a few years ago and watched it after my wife got married, but I didn't watch it because of the title. I was just so disgusted with this film, it was so incredibly stupid.  I remember that it started with a scene from "Sleeper Cell", the movie I just got. The scene was supposed to be in the cell block where the prisoner had been held captive. I think it was supposed that the prisoner was getting his release because he was going to be released in a few days. Well, guess what? The prisoner didn't get his release until 2 weeks later. And what's even worse is, he was released with no explanation. He didn't even know that his family and friends were going to visit him for his birthday.  So I just laughed at it. I laughed so hard that I cried. I just kept laughing until I could take it no more.  This movie made me want to cry. But then it got even worse. The movie ended with the prisoners being let out of the cellblock. They were being let free! And guess what happened to the prisoners' family and their pets? Nothing.  The DVD is worthless because it was only 1 hour and 30 minutes long. I could have made a DVD of it. It would have been about the same length as "A Clockwork Orange" and it could have been even better.  "The Prisoner" was a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film begins with a bizarrely staged version of "The Night Of The Long Knives" (a fictional tale of medieval-style execution in a castle) and a man named Guy (played by Sam Neill) is executed for being a bad boy. This all goes on until the end credits, where we are shown Guy's face, but not his execution. Guy then gets resurrected in an attempt to save his life (in the movie he's a prisoner in a medieval torture cell) and it's all pretty predictable from there. I wouldn't say it's a bad film, it's pretty bad, but it doesn't have much to do with Guy's story, and it just makes the entire ending seem like a complete waste of time. The only thing that kept me from giving it 2 stars was that Guy's character was pretty interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no way that this movie could have been a hit with the director. It's not even a decent film in the sense that it has some funny moments and even the special effects look cheap, but it's a complete disappointment. It has no direction, no sense of story or story development, and no laughs to spare. The acting is a total waste of time and talent.  And, oh yeah, I just saw the opening credits and it's about that time when you realize you've just watched a really terrible film. The director should have kept his movie on video and sent it off to Hollywood for a really good remake. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film contains a whole lot of blatant and unnecessary stuff, such as the characters being so stupid that they don't even care about their own lives. And the plot is completely devoid of logic, meaning it could've been a decent, entertaining film, if the story wasn't so far removed from reality. This is a film made for the most trivial and least-inspiring of reasons, and it is a complete waste of your time. I saw this film on a DVD, and I can honestly say that I didn't enjoy it much at all. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a little bit surprised that a film about the "Black Widow" was rated so highly. The plot and characters were not that interesting, and it was hard to care about them. The action scenes were extremely shallow, and most of the acting was really uninteresting. The only saving grace was the film's soundtrack. I found it really hard to suspend disbelief during the action scenes. The film is over a hundred minutes long, and you really feel like you are watching an hour and a half of TV footage. The story could have been better, but I didn't care.  I guess the director could have used more time and effort making a good film. If you are looking for a good thriller, look somewhere else. This film just seems like it was made for a video game, and I can't understand why. I am disappointed to see a film where the main character has a big, gun-toting black woman and then a giant robot who can fire missiles. I really think that the director's vision is pretty shallow. I also found it strange that the only way she could escape the killer was to escape through the "Toxic Waste", which turned out to be the Black Widow's bodyguard's office.  Overall, I would recommend to avoid this film. I just didn't like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a really cool sci-fi action film: This is NOT it. This film has no plot and is just a bunch of guys running around looking for treasure. The only thing that keeps the action moving along is the stupid sound effect of the guns. You can't make this stuff up. The actors don't even look like they're actors. This is the worst sci-film I've ever seen.  I can't believe how much I wasted. I'm not kidding when I say that I went back to see this on video the next day and the quality of the video was just about the same. I was very disappointed in myself for wasting my time on this. I had to go to the video store and spend my money to buy a copy of the DVD to replace the video.  The only good thing is that the original is on DVD and the original can be rented for free. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching the previews I saw that this film was going to be directed by the infamous Richard E. Grant. I was surprised to see that this guy was directing this film.  Grant's last directorial effort, "Worst Film Ever," was the worst film ever made. He should really think twice about taking on another directorial role. I think it would be better to just keep making "Won't you miss it" movies like the ones Grant made, and leave the directorial work to people who actually know how to direct.  The story is pretty bad, the script is awful, the acting is bad, and the ending is awful.  I really want to say that this is the worst movie I have ever seen, but I don't want to ruin the movie for you. I really wanted to like this movie, but all I got was a 1/10.  If you want to see this, don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so predictable and so dull that it's no wonder people keep seeing it. I would have preferred the "A Tale of Two Cities" (as it is a remake of the classic novel) because it was better, but this film is a disgrace. The actors (mostly) look like they are just trying to be funny and are barely able to make a few lines of dialogue without stuttering and laughing their asses off. The camera, in general, isn't that great either. If you want to see a film that looks like a low budget film that you could find on YouTube, check out "Hitch" (this is not the same as the film with "HITCH" in the title).   As a person who really loves films and has been watching them since I was a little kid, I have to say this is one of the worst films I have ever seen. If this film was an hour long, I'd have to rate it at 10 out of 10. This is so awful, I'm sure it will go straight to the garbage heap of history. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was the worst movie I have ever seen.  I don't mean to say the actors were bad but the script was awful. There was absolutely no flow in the story. It was like there was no way to tell a story. I really felt like there wasn't a point to the story at all. I couldn't tell what the story was about.  All in all it was a really dull movie with a very dull plot. I am a big fan of the series and I loved the first two movies but this one just seemed to drag. I didn't understand anything about it, the plot was completely pointless, the direction was awful, the music was bad and the acting was bad. There really wasn't anything to do with this movie other than watching it. The whole movie felt very rushed and boring. I think that it could have been done better. It just didn't work for me.  If you are a fan of Doctor Who and have a good attitude, watch this film and move on. If you have a negative attitude and want to waste your life, I recommend that you avoid this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this was a bad attempt at a TV movie. It's so poorly acted, I can only conclude it's the director's first attempt at directing. I found the movie's acting so laughable that I found myself laughing through the entire movie. I don't know how they were able to pull this off, but the acting is so bad that I don' think it's even worth mentioning. I also found the acting to be a waste of time, especially the way the characters act like nothing was ever said. I couldn't tell what they were actually saying to each other. I wish they had just made it one of the original TV shows from the 70's and just put all the actors in one room and had no music.  Overall, the acting was very, very bad. It was also very, VERY slow. You could see all the parts where they weren't acting very well, and then it would be like they didn't care. You had to watch it to find out what was going on. I guess it just wasn't a TV show.  The only positive I can give this movie is that it did have some fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good movie was made, but the story line never got past the first 10 minutes.  The story line was pretty much pointless because they had to put in the "twist" for it, so I'm glad they didn't. This movie is about a family in trouble and the father and mother get kidnapped by a guy who has gone off to some place and left the family in the middle of nowhere.  So there's the mom and father, and then there's a twist. Then the movie is over and you're left wondering what the hell happened.  It's a bad remake of "A Time for Truth". The director should go back to the original movie and learn to make a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have always liked the Star Trek movies but this movie has been a total disappointment. It is not funny or funny, it is boring and it is really not even remotely interesting to watch.  It starts off slow and it slowly builds to a ridiculous point where the main character just goes to sleep and it becomes completely meaningless. The story is just ridiculous, there is no development, it doesn't even make sense, you can just watch it from beginning to end and just get lost in the story. I found myself literally laughing my butt off when the first scene was over.  The plot is about as entertaining as a child playing a video game, it just goes nowhere. You have no idea what is going on or what the characters are going through and it just falls flat. I mean seriously, what is the point of it? What is the purpose of this whole movie? I really wish it had been edited better. The voice acting is not up to par. The acting was OK at the beginning but it got really bad towards the end. You get the feeling that the actors are just bored and don't care much about the movie. I think the director just really didn't care about making the movie a good one.  I guess the studio thought this movie was so good that they didn't even bother to edit it.  But it's really not a good movie. It's really just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and I don't mean that as a bad thing. But I think the reason that I saw it in the first place was because I was looking for a way to complain about it. The only thing that I liked about this movie was the "The Biggest Loser" theme song and the title, which were a bit ironic considering that the show itself is just plain awful. The rest of the movie is just kind of bad, but the reason I went with this rating is because it was the only way to go. I mean, I'm not even gonna try to explain how this movie sucked in any way, but you can check it out for yourself and if you don't like it, just don't watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've always been amazed by the popularity of this movie - and to a certain extent, the fact that it has become such a cult classic - and I was very disappointed to see that it was all for nothing. The acting was, to put it mildly, awful - and the script was not nearly as good as it could have been. The movie was so far below the standards of the original series that I doubt it will ever be recognized as such. This is one of the worst movies ever made, and I'm ashamed to admit I was one of its many admirers. This film should have been a cautionary tale about the dangers of making a movie: there is no way to make a film like this without making the film look and sound like a B-movie. I would have made the same mistake if I had made a bad B-Movie, and that is why I would never have seen this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really enjoyed the original version, but this one just seems to drag on for a long time. It's a shame that the original one got such a great reception, but to have the director of the original not make the same effort was a bit surprising. The acting is not great either, but that's really not a bad thing. It just makes the whole thing feel a little stilted. I really wanted to like this film, but it just didn't live up to the original.  It's just not funny at all.  I hope that the next one can be better, but right now I'm looking at the DVD and hoping for a better, better, even worse movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is so predictable, the characters are so wooden, the story is devoid of any real character development or conflict.  It's about a bunch of thugs and a guy who likes to beat up women. That's about it. This movie was so boring that I actually started to cry. The actors did not even try to save their characters, they just kept making stupid faces and doing the same things over and over again.  The ending was not at all believable. I can't believe it was made.  I would not recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has no redeeming features other than its utter lack of quality and a very low budget. This is an insult to the viewers, a disgraceful piece of trash that was just released because it could get the ratings. And it did. The only reason I was able to watch it is because I was in the theater to see a good movie. If I had rented it, I would have missed the whole movie.  I don't even know what to say. I wish I could say it was a good film, but it isn't. It's just an excuse to make you waste your money and watch the trailer and buy it when you can't find it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely horrendous. The acting is just awful. I don't even remember seeing this movie before and I was already familiar with the concept. The storyline is stupid and the story doesn't make sense. There is nothing good to say about this movie other than it's a waste of time. If you're into watching B-movie gore and you're looking for something new then check out this bad movie. The only redeeming quality is the original video is great, but this movie lacks the artistic merit of its source material. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After hearing about this movie at a convention, I thought it might be worth trying out. I thought the movie was going to be good but I was wrong. I mean, I really thought the story was okay, but I couldn't figure out how it would have made any sense at all. The acting was bad, the story didn't make sense, and it didn't seem like a good idea to go out of my way to see a bad horror movie. It just seemed to be a waste of time.  So I made a video and posted it on the internet (I posted it about a month after I saw it). If you really like horror movies and you like horror trailers, this isn't the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really want to give this movie some credit but the acting is so awful it really doesn't deserve any. You know what's really worse than a bad acting? Bad writing. This film has the most ridiculous and unbelievable dialog in the history of movies. It's like it was written by a 14 year old who just discovered acting and is now writing a screenplay that involves talking to a person that is so annoying that even the actors who did it will probably quit if they get it on video. I guess if you have any sense at all, you will be able to see the ridiculousness of the dialog because it is so badly written. I really thought that this movie was going to be a really funny, low budget, action packed action film with a decent script. But it is just a waste of time. You can actually watch this film, it has no redeeming value. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a disappointment. I watched it from beginning to end. The only thing I liked was that the title was in the movie title and it gave me hope that this film would be something new. Instead it just gave me a headache that lasted me over 8 hours. I can't believe that this is the only movie that has a title in the title.  It was about the same length as most other movies that I've seen.  The plot is pretty lame. It starts out with a couple in the backseat of a car, and the husband tries to seduce the woman. The woman is too nervous and she doesn't know what to do. Then the husband gets the girl pregnant and the movie is over. That was the only good thing about the movie. The rest of the movie was just bad. The plot was so stupid and boring that I just had to stop watching.  Some of the scenes were edited in a strange way that the movie looked like a video of a video game. In this movie the car was always driving, and sometimes the camera was looking at the back of the car. The movie had no real soundtrack either, so that's good for me. The story is very predictable, and even the actors were pretty stupid.  If you're a fan of porn, don't bother. This movie was not a porn film. If you like porn, watch "A Porn Movie: A Tale of Love and Lust."  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I found this to be interesting was the fact that it was based on the book of the same name (the movie's title) that was adapted from the novel "Lucky One" by Larry Hines (the novel was later adapted into a movie by Peter Bogdanovich). Unfortunately, the movie does not provide a clear example of the book's ideas, and the characters (all except one) seem to have been taken directly from the book, rather than being written from the characters' perspective. Even though the book is a very short read (only 447 pages), I would have rather had seen a movie of this genre that made more sense. The movie starts off by introducing the main characters and the central idea of the story. The book is full of descriptions of the supernatural happenings in the world of the film.  This movie does nothing to advance the story and doesn't provide any insight to the characters. The only real insight to be had was the reveal that the "LUCKY ONE" (the name of the movie) was a woman. It would have been nice if the movie had not started out this way.  If you want a movie about a "bad movie", watch "I Am The One" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching the preview for this movie, I was really curious about the premise of the movie. This is a very bad movie that I thought could be great if the actors were good. They weren't. It was just terrible. I had to look up to find the actors' names on IMDb and read the credits on the movie website to find out who they were. The only person in the movie I cared about was the one that did the singing.  There are so many other movies that I've seen that I think that this movie should have been on my list of "Top 10 Movies You'll Never See Again". The cast was really disappointing, even though the actors themselves were really good. This movie could have been so much better if it had not been for the terrible, terrible script. I would not recommend this movie to anyone at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie's only saving grace is the fact that the two main characters are so incredibly awful.  But, of course, that isn't enough.  This film is a disaster in every sense.  It was so unbelievably bad, in fact, that I thought I was going to get arrested for wasting the taxpayers' money.  And the actors were so bad, they gave me the impression they couldn't possibly have been on set at all.  I'm not sure how they managed to keep on camera and act as if they were really that inept. But they did.   A terrible mess. I don't know what was going on in the minds of the people who made this movie, but I am going to be quite surprised if they're all still around after the show has finished. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie about a group of people who were kidnapped by aliens who killed their parents, and then sent the entire family to an unknown planet, this film is a major disappointment for fans of the Alien franchise.  The characters are wooden, the plot is nonsensical, and the acting is awful.  In the middle of a movie where a character has a baby in his stomach, there's a line where one character says, "It's just like the end of the movie." Why is that line in the movie? If the movie was a little less confusing and the actors had a little more energy, this movie could have been a lot better.   This movie is a waste of time for those who are familiar with the Alien movies, and people who are interested in watching movies with a low budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never been a fan of movies like "The Last Laugh", "The Night of the Long Knives", "A Very Special Christmas" or "Crazy Horses".  But this one was so disappointing and it was so hard to forgive. It was just not funny.  The only redeeming aspect of it was the fact that it had a nice soundtrack, so it was a nice time for me.  I would advise everyone to skip this movie and save yourself the time and money. It has nothing to do with the original story, except for the title. I think that the only thing that was supposed to be original was the idea of a long-dead horse and his rider, and the fact the horse had been dead for a few hundred years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was the worst one of all the bunch. This movie would have been a 1/10 in any other director's opinion. If the movie was made by another person and they didn't get paid by Paramount, I would be embarrassed to admit that I saw it. It was one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  The acting was awful. The plot was unbelievable. The music was so horrible. It's a pity they couldn't get a real movie to air.  If you're looking for a low budget horror film, don't bother. This one is garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an attempt to cash in on the popularity of the original, and unfortunately for anyone who actually cared about the film, it is completely worthless. The film doesn't even manage to be remotely funny, and its plot is so utterly boring and predictable, that I found myself wondering why the hell I even bothered watching it. The script is so poor that the characters are so boring that the only thing I laughed at was the fact that the plot was so predictable. There's a point where the movie gets really, really bad. The story is about an idiot who thinks he's a genius who gets drunk every night at a party, and who becomes obsessed with the murder of his father who died in a car accident. He decides that he'll kill his father and kill his girlfriend before being arrested for it. And of course the girlfriend is killed. The girlfriend is played by a horrible actress whose name I can't remember and who is so horrible that I couldn't imagine how anyone could stand in front of her. The plot is about the two main characters, played by Christopher Walken and the utterly unimpressive Paul Sorvino, trying to figure out how to get their father's murderer into prison. But the problem with this movie is that the two characters don't seem to care about anything that is going on. They don't care that the murderer is a serial killer and they don't even care that his victims are murdered. They just care about having the murderer go to jail. The murder scene is so dull that it just made me want to turn the channel. It was so boring, that you might not even notice the murder was actually being done by Walken. And the entire movie is about how the murderer tries to make his girlfriend get back together with the murderer. That's about it.  The movie was so bad that I actually wanted to turn off the TV, because I couldn' have cared less about anything.  My final rating is an eight out of 10. I think this was made by a bunch of guys who are just too lazy to make anything better. I can hardly blame them, though. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen worse movies but never anything as bad as this movie. This movie is a waste of my time. I don't care for the director or the actors, they're just there to be entertaining.  I guess the movie is supposed to be an inspiration for the movies of Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and his brother, Stone Cold Steve Austin, but the plot is bad and the actors don't have much chemistry to work with either. I was really expecting a really good movie, I think that the director was supposed to make this movie better. This is the worst movie ever made in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had a few things that I liked. The acting was very amateurish, the plot was not particularly original, the ending was stupid and poorly executed. The movie was probably made with the intention of getting a good rating from a kid.  But, there was one thing that bothered me. There were a number of scenes that showed me in real life how bad it would get. Some scenes were so awkward and embarrassing that I actually cried. This movie should never have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I watch a lot of movies. It's what we do. This movie was so terrible it left us shaking our heads. We really expected the movie to be better. But it wasn't. I mean, I can watch movies with sound, which this movie was not. The plot is absolutely awful. It takes no chances. You'll get the impression that it's about a woman with a crazy family, but the movie doesn't even try to explain the madness of the family. There are several scenes where the family members are screaming and the only thing that you can hear is the sound of their screaming.  The only thing I like about the movie is the opening scene, where the sister-in-law and the daughter are about to get married. But even there, the movie never manages to pull it off. It was so bad that I actually laughed. I thought it was funny, but it's really not. It just got me confused and bored.  It was really a disappointment. You can't trust the director to make a decent movie. He's made a few movies before this one, but he hasn't made a good movie before.  I'll rate it 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an attempt to get by in the world by acting like a film about a TV show. It is not, and it isn't good. There are many problems, such as the use of the title of the film and the fact that the film is presented without any special effects. The acting is very, very weak, especially when the lead actor, Michael Moriarty, is involved in the movie, as in most movies.  There is no reason to have a DVD of this movie other than the fact the person who made it would like it, because the only reason he did so was because he was making money. This is a shame. It would have been nice to have this in the video store for people to watch and see.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Dancing with the Stars" is a bad rip-off of "Swingers". I really don't care for the original and I don't see how this film would've made it onto DVD without it. This is a waste of time, and a waste for a low budget. It's a waste because they should've been making an original and original show, not just ripping off other people's ideas and trying to do it better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so predictable. There was so much filler content that I thought that it was just to fill up time. But I'm not a big fan of this type of thing and I thought this movie would have been a little bit better had it been shorter. And I was disappointed that there wasn't any blood. I was expecting something like that. The gore would have made this movie worth watching for 2 minutes at a time, but it only lasted like 10. It's not even worth watching on DVD.  This isn't a bad flick, it's just bad. It just made me want to go back to watch another movie about people dying of a common disease, but I wouldn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first part of this movie was very good, but then the rest of the movie turned into a giant mess. The main problem was the lack of a story and the way the story was presented. I can't say much because I didn't really understand everything that was going on. I guess that was because I was not given a good plot outline or anything.  All in all, I gave it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete waste of time. I just got off the phone with my dad who watched it with me at 2am in the middle of the night. My dad said "This was an incredibly boring movie. The acting was awful and the plot was very predictable." He was so angry at the lack of action, that it made it seem that he was even going to be able to keep up with the plot. This movie would have been much better had it been made by a man who knows how to write and has a good script and story to tell. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. It is so bad it has a plot of a TV show. What happened? How did the characters get into the car? Where are the cars and who was driving them? Why is the girl crying? How does she know where her father is? Who is the doctor that's helping the characters? How come the police don't seem to care about the characters or care if they are alive or dead? Why did the police think the girl was in danger? Why are the people in the car in the middle of nowhere? I hate how the girls and their parents were acting. The whole movie just was so stupid. I can't believe how someone could make this movie. I am very disappointed that someone put this movie out. This movie just made me feel so sad. I mean how could someone make this kind of movie?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very basic concept. An old lady comes to the police station with a strange child. She tells the police officer that she's expecting him to have a stroke. But the old lady is a woman and the kid is a boy, so they don't want to interfere. And they don''t know how old the kid's parents are. A young lady and a young boy have to help the old woman in the hospital. Then, there's the boy's father who wants to know how the kid got the measles. It's not a good idea for an old lady to give a boy measles. The boy's mother gets some help and it turns out that the kid isn't sick at all. The old lady finally leaves the hospital with the boy and the old man. The movie is just so plain, stupid and pointless. It should have never been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that a movie made to capitalize on this concept of "slippery slopes" (the "slide of doom") actually has the guts to attempt to make a point on this subject. It just feels like a poorly put together, poorly executed attempt at a bad "documentary". The script is laughable, the directing, the editing, the music, the special effects, and even the character acting all seem to fall below the "truly bad" level that this film set out to achieve. There are some decent scenes in the movie, but even these don't redeem the whole mess. The actors, while certainly talented, just don't seem to know how to make anything remotely resembling an interesting movie, and the movie is actually not all that interesting.  What really bothers me is that the movie could have been so much better if the story was actually coherent and if the characters were actually believable.  The story is pretty much just a bunch of characters who are never shown as having any real feelings about the situation at hand and the situation in general. A good example is a character who's whole reason for being is that he's a bad drunk, but he's constantly having to remind himself that he was drunk last night (he's just a drunk, not a bad one) and that his drinking problem isn't all that bad. The movie is just so bad that even the characters don't have any agency to speak of and the audience is never given any reason to care about them or to care how they're going to deal with this particular situation. It's just as if the writer couldn't care less about the characters or their struggles, and decided to just stick the characters in the middle of a river and leave it at that.   I'm not sure if the writers of this film actually believe that the "slip of doom" is a real thing that exists, or if they just made this movie because it was so popular that it was the only thing that made a profit.  It seems to me that the writer of this movie should be ashamed of himself, and that the director should be embarrassed that he let his script go through without the slightest bit of care, and should be fired immediately. The script isn't really worth saving, and anyone who sees it should immediately refuse to rent or watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was nothing to see, and it was not even a decent action flick.  It is just so shallow that it was laughable, especially when the script was so badly written that it is a wonder how anyone could have put that much effort into it. It was just a giant waste of time.  The plot was stupid, and even the "villain" (The "real" villain) was stupid. There was no plot to the movie. There is no reason why any human being should take the movie seriously. And the ending was so stupid. It's like they had the actors and actresses stand in front of the camera and told them to act stupid.  If you want to see a bad comedy, you can see a bunch of them on TV. This movie will probably be in the "funniest movie of all time" category.  I did not like this movie. I gave it a 1/10 rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst film I've ever seen. The acting is so poor it's ridiculous. The story is predictable, the story line was boring and I felt that the script was completely unnecessary. I was so sick of watching this piece of trash, I almost vomited.  I've seen far worse, but this film is worse than all of them. If I were to rank them, this would probably be ranked as the worst.  A shame because it could have been a great film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie looks like a parody of the "The Naked Gun" and I can't say I'm surprised. It is a cheap and pathetic attempt to make the film look like a real Hollywood action flick. The movie is really awful, and if you are a fan of the TV show, then this movie will make you hate the show. The special effects look like they were filmed in the late 80's. The acting is really terrible. The plot is pretty weak. I was hoping that the writer would come up with some new ideas for the movie, but he didn't. This movie is just an example of how movies can go so wrong. The only reason I can give this movie a 1/10 is that it was actually pretty entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that I'm a huge fan of the original series, and love everything that comes from it, so I was very excited when I saw the remake. However, the first season of Buffy was an incredible show, so to see it fall down a full 10 years after its premiere was shocking. It didn't get any better, so what was the point in watching the show anymore? This was the exact opposite of what I expected.  The acting was just awful. No one could pull off a convincing performance.  A lot of the plot lines were completely off. They didn't even try to make the characters look more human. This show was just made for teenage boys. I would like to have seen a little more time spent in a relationship with one of the characters. The writing is just awful! The show was a complete waste of time. The only redeeming factor of the show was the music. I'm sorry, but I don't understand why a lot of fans have complained about the music, especially the original Buffy theme. It was catchy and very catchy. The songs that they chose for the original show were great, but the original theme song was more catchy. If they had the original song and the original ending song, I'd be a much bigger fan of this show. The music had no place in this show, and I just don't know why.  I can't recommend this show to anyone. I saw it twice, and even with the same ending, I would not recommend this movie to anyone, and that includes my kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the film was boring. There were too many bad scenes, and not much plot.  The film seemed to be based on a series of scenes where the camera is too close to the subject, and the camera angle is too narrow. In one scene the camera was too close for a car to go by in the background and the subject turned out to be a woman. There was too much focus on the subjects, and none of the scenes were interesting.  I don't understand why it has to be this way. There are so many other ways to make a film. It's just not a good film to watch. I wish there was better editing and a better plot. The director should have never made a film like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so full of clichs that it's not funny at all. The dialog is very cheesy and there's not a single joke in it. The actors all seem to be very bored and they don't even care about the plot.  The acting is just okay but there's no point in rating this movie because the plot is just so shallow and predictable.  I don't know what the director was thinking with this one, it's just so boring.  There's no reason to see this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is basically a joke, and there is nothing funny in it at all. The whole thing is just an excuse to show the actors in ridiculous costumes and to take a bunch of jokes to the point where they become almost unbearable.  The plot is extremely boring and the whole thing can't be explained in any way, and the only thing that comes remotely close is the one thing the movie does that the writers actually care about, which is making the characters do a bunch stupid stuff in order to be funny. I really don't like the characters, but I can't understand why the actors are so desperate to make this movie funny.  So far I can only recommend it to those who want to watch something completely stupid, and who just want to be entertained without really having anything to say about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the complete opposite of the original "The Adventures of Buckaroo Bonkers". This movie has been released only once in the United States. It should have been released in the UK. This is not the Buckaroo movies you are used to. It's just a whole bunch of old people doing things that are very different from what Buckaroo was. This movie, however, is more like a bad horror movie. There are some scenes in it that are funny but the rest of the movie just makes no sense. The cast and crew seem to be trying to be funny by doing silly things. The script is extremely predictable. If you like a cheesy horror movie, you will like this movie. If not, don't waste your time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins with a few scenes from "The Big Lebowski", and then moves on to scenes from the classic, "Fool's Night". Then we get to some pretty low budget scenes (the title, and a few other things). However, none of them make up for the fact that the movie is, at best, a total mess.  As for the title, it's a very poor title. Why not just call it "The Lebway" or something similar. It seems that the director was not able to come up with anything better. Maybe he didn't have the time or resources to create anything better than what he had already done.  Also, why not just leave the title at "The movie" or whatever.  Finally, why the hell are we even in this movie at all? Why are we spending time with this lame, lame excuse for a movie? Why the hell is this movie even in theaters? And how can the movie be this bad? I know that the studio has a reputation for making movies with a lot of special effects and lots of special, but, why is this one so bad? This movie has absolutely nothing going for it. It has no original ideas, no humor, nothing interesting to say about it. The actors are not particularly good (the "Wendigo" was pretty funny), the direction is weak, the plot is completely pointless and the ending was a complete disappointment.  All in all, I gave this movie a 1 out of 10. It's a waste of time, and I'll probably only watch it once more because I saw it once, and that was only because I'm addicted to "The Simpsons". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did see this in the theater and it was really disappointing. The plot was not interesting at all, there was no romance, there were some scenes that were pretty dull and the acting was really bad. It was so boring and slow paced. I would have preferred it if the movie was not so slow paced, but I guess the movie is supposed to be an adult film so I guess it has to be slow paced and boring. I can't really say anything bad about the acting but I think that there were a lot of problems with the script. For example, I was wondering how the script went from where the movie started and where it ended, and how it went from that point on. The whole movie was really confusing to me. I just can't believe that this is the type of movie that a director would make for kids. There is a really interesting and fun and interesting story but the movie just seemed really slow and boring and there were no twists or turns. I mean there was one scene where the hero was rescuing the heroine and it really made me laugh. But that's the only time I could find any of it.  The movie was so slow and dull and there was hardly any action or excitement or anything else. I think the whole movie should have been a lot shorter. It seemed to drag on forever and it made me think how boring the movie must have been to be made and I guess that is the main reason why I was so disappointed in the movie.  I was really disappointed in it. It just wasn't very good and I didn't think that the director could have made a better movie. If you are expecting a movie that is going to make you feel something and make you laugh and I think it is a shame that the movie didn't have much action or drama or drama, you will be disappointed. If the movie had more action and drama I would rate it better. The acting was so bad and I can tell you from experience that most people can't act at all and there are only a few people who can act very well. If I was in the audience of the movie I would think that they were all in the same situation, and I would just laugh because it was so stupid and boring, it really was. I guess I just don't understand the point of a movie and why a movie is made in that way. I really think that it is an adult movie and that's why the movie doesn't have a great plot. I wish
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole movie seemed to have been made by a bunch of people who didn't really know how to make a movie or how to act or even where to put their own names on the credits. The actors are either so completely clueless that they don't even know what the movie is about, or they really can't act. And, I mean, I can't even imagine how anyone could find this movie funny. This is the sort of thing that might come from a school film, or one of those movies where there are lots of laughs and no action. This movie lacks action and the jokes don't really connect with the characters in a funny way. If I had known this movie was a joke, I probably would have laughed harder than the movie itself.  I think the reason this movie failed was because it was made by someone who was just so inexperienced that the movie would have seemed at least funny. The guy who wrote this should have known better than to try to make something like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a good movie. The acting is horrible, and the script is just as weak as the acting. The only saving grace was the fact that it is so ridiculously over-rated.  I can't believe this was a final rating for this piece of trash. This is what they do to you when you are overrated. It's not a movie. It is a sad piece of mediocrity.  The actors have not been given a good enough chance to do anything, and in the end, we can't even tell if the plot is anything like the original book. This film has a lot of potential, but if they don't change their direction soon, they are going to be in for a bad time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first film of the film that's got me really angry. It's got the usual crap that you would expect. The story and acting are terrible. I was really expecting something better. However, the film is too stupid to even mention. I'm really disappointed because I thought I would enjoy this film more. It is so bad that I'm almost sure that it's a piece of low budget porn. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got a DVD of this movie when it was first released, and I remember watching it once with the guy who owned it, then watched it again once when it came out again on DVD. I'm really surprised I haven't already made this review up. This movie was terrible. The acting was awful, the story was terrible, the plot was terrible... I mean, I'm sorry I watched it. But I'll just put it out there. This was a horrible movie. The director was one of the most terrible actors I've ever seen. He's so annoying, he doesn't care that he's annoying. You'll hate him when you see him, and you'll hate every other movie he's made.  If you're looking for an excuse to hate, I'll give it to you. I don't mean this as an insult to anyone who enjoyed this movie. I just thought it was so bad it would be worth pointing out.  The whole movie is about a girl who gets into a relationship with a guy, and they have sex for the first time. The sex scenes were just a few minutes long and it felt like they were just going through the motions. It was really disappointing, and the way they handled the sex scenes was so stupid. If you don't like porn, don't watch this movie, but if you do like porn and this movie makes you feel even more disgusted, go ahead and watch it.  I give it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just a bad remake of "Ripley's Believe It or Not!" with some stupid plot and some boring characters.  This film has the same plot, characters, and plot lines of the original, except the characters are much smaller. Also, this film does not show the original "Ripsley's" original animation at all.  Some of the animation is really weird and out of place. The "Ripper" animation was not even done in real time. The animation for "Riptide" is pretty good. But this is just another example of how "Ripped" is not a movie, it's a poorly made "remake" and not worth wasting your time on.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why anyone would waste their time watching this film but I just did. I can't believe that anyone would spend 2 hours of their life watching this. It's one of those awful films that you want to watch and think, "Maybe I can make something interesting out of this", but then you realize that this is the most generic and boring of all the films you have seen in your life. The plot, characters, setting, sound, and everything else was horrible. The acting was really bad. The only reason I can give it 2 out of 10 is that it was supposed to be a documentary and the filmmakers were at least somewhat funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a complete disaster. I'm not sure if the director had any idea what he was doing or how to write a script, but it just looks so badly written and the story is completely unbelievable. You don't see the character grow or develop over the course of the film. You just see a guy that has no clue how to act in a film and doesn't seem to know how to tell a story.  This movie has one of the worst opening credits I've ever seen. The only thing that made it worth watching was the song "Do you remember", by the Bee Gees.  If you want to see a film with a plot that doesn't make sense or doesn't move the story forward, don't bother. This film will just make you wonder what kind of script you read to begin with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like my movies to be intelligent and interesting, and this is not one of them. This movie, which I think should be renamed "Kono", is just a bunch of boring dialogue that has been edited to death.  I can understand the thought process of the makers, as the movie was supposed to be a study of the psychology of a murderer, but this movie is about a guy who murdered his father, who had died of natural causes a few months earlier, and then killed himself.  The movie is really hard to follow, because the actors are too stupid to act convincingly.  In the end, the movie just looks like a really lame, stupid, and predictable murder mystery. I can't believe that anyone involved in the movie even considered this movie a success.   The only saving grace is that the movie has a really cute and cute girl in it. I'll be watching this movie on the couch when I'm bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very predictable movie that follows a very predictable plot line and the one or two characters that are interesting enough. It was a bad start to the movie, and the characters didn't really get a chance to develop a personality.  I was expecting a fun movie, but I got one of those movies where you get all the humor and none of the drama.  Overall a good movie, if you are a fan of the '60s and '70s era movies, but that is about the only reason I rated this as a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really don't care how you do the animation but this movie had to be a joke. The animation itself was laughable and the story didn't even make sense. The character's voices were so annoying.  The movie was made in 1997 and the DVD was released in 1999. This is what they used in the early 90's when there was no DVD industry. The movie looks so old. I remember when they were trying to do it in 1995, they had to do a lot of new animation and they had a lot more time to do stuff.  I guess the movie just didn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in its entirety on DVD for the first time in its original home video format. I'm not a big fan of DVD extras, but I can understand why it's been overlooked. It's basically a horror/thriller that has been filmed with a few bits of humor thrown in. And to my horror-nerd mind, it seems like a waste of time. I'd say that this is one of the worst movies ever made. The acting is absolutely terrible, and the plot is basically a complete waste of screen time. The story line is predictable and the story doesn't make sense. There is no character development whatsoever. I can't believe that the studio was willing to spend so much money on a film that doesn't have any story to it at all. I give this movie 2 out of 10. I hope you have a great day and I hope your family doesn't get eaten by a giant black bear. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original Star Wars was not the best film ever made. This movie made it seem like it was. But the plot was so shallow and uninteresting. It made me feel like I was watching a movie that was made to be a "Star Wars movie". I really wanted to like this movie, but I just didn't. This was a movie about a spaceship being chased by robots and explosions, and so I was left wondering how in the hell it was going to end. What was the point of this movie? Where was the plot? Where were the jokes? And did this movie actually end with the robots taking over the ship? I mean, there was so little plot that I lost track of the plot, and I didn't care. I don't know what the point was, it wasn't worth watching. The ending was lame and unnecessary.  The whole movie is like this guy wants you to feel like a bad person, but he doesn't care that you feel that way. If you are a Star Wars fan, don't waste your time watching this movie. It was a total waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is not bad, but there is a certain "horror" quality that makes it a bit hard to suspend disbelief.  It isn't necessarily the worst film I've ever seen. It isn'nt the most visually stunning film I've ever seen either, but I still can't believe they wasted such an impressive cast (that's right, all of them) on a film that wasn't even remotely worth watching.  This is, however, the worst horror movie I've seen in my life.  The only good part was the soundtrack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was a little corny and I thought it was supposed to be a comedy. I was hoping that it would have been a bit more creative and that the story would have actually been funny, but it wasn't. It was just a lot of wasted time. I just couldn't find the humor in it.  I really wanted to like this movie but, like so many movies nowadays, it wasn''t very good. The acting was awful and I just don't understand how anyone would think that this is funny. The story is not that good either. It is not a comedy at all, it is just a story about a girl who kills herself in a suicide attempt. It just seemed like a joke that I could never find in real life.  This movie was so poorly made that I just didn't know how to rate it. I can't really give it an 8 because I wasn't expecting much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have never seen the movie and it sounds like it was good in the movie but when you try to watch it, you see the movie is nothing but a pile of garbage. It's just so boring and the acting is awful. The movie's script was so unbelievable that you would think it was written by the writer of the other terrible movie I watched.  This movie made me want to punch someone.  I thought the movie was so bad that I actually thought the producer must have put the movie together by himself.   I give the movie a 2 out of 10 because I don't think the writer is that good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was about the most uninspired "Wasteland" movie I have ever seen. It is a waste of money. I was hoping to see a "Worst of the Worst" film and I was disappointed. This is the most boring film I have seen in a long time. The plot is lame, the acting is terrible, the effects are poor, the action scenes are weak and it is simply too long to be entertaining.  This film was a real disappointment to me because I was looking forward to seeing a "Great Western" film. There was no real Western at all. The only Western I know was in the previous film, "Red Rain". I just felt that this film would be a boring waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film twice in one night because it was a special screening at an IMAX theatre, and I did not understand what I was watching. In the second movie, they had some shots of the "Brigade" being attacked and killed by "The Legion" soldiers, and in the third movie, the same thing happens again. I could hardly watch the movie at all. The characters were boring, and the scenes were not realistic at all! They even did a very cheap shot of the US flag and then the actors and actresses held the flag upside down while doing their lines. I felt as if the actors did not care for this piece of junk. It's an utter embarrassment to the actors that they have to work in this kind of film.  The only saving grace was the sound track which I can give credit to, and not the director who made it. I did give it 4/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is about a boy with a broken heart who is having trouble sleeping and wants to die. So he goes to see the local church for help. It turns out that the church is in the middle of a cult, and is about to be shut down by the government. He ends up in the church's basement, and ends up falling asleep there. A little while later, the church goes up in flames, and the boy is burned alive. The only reason he survived was because he was covered in oil.  So, why was this film made? Well, the director didn't have the guts to make a good film. He thought that the movie could have been about a man with a heart who goes to church, is saved by the church, and then decides to live out his life as a believer in Christ. He goes to the church every Christmas, and he doesn't die until Christmas day. He then meets Jesus, who gives him back his life and tells him that he will give him another chance at life. Then he becomes a Christian, and does so until he dies.  This was a horrible piece of work. The acting was bad, and this was clearly made for a kids' film. The dialogue was annoying and the acting was also bad. It seemed to be more like an attempt at an R rated film. You know, "The Room".  The story was pretty basic and predictable. The ending was a little predictable, but the movie was a waste of time. If you have the money to spend on a movie, go ahead and rent it. Otherwise, don't waste your money on this piece of trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise for this movie was that we had to make a film of our lives, and we had no choice.  A few months later I found out that the director had used footage from a murder that happened in his real life, and used it for the movie. The movie was just a sad attempt at portraying a person's life, which isn't really that hard to do. I thought that the script was bad, but I guess the director thought that it would work better if the actors didn't really know what they were doing. It turned out to be a bad waste of money. I give it 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so, so, SO NOT worth it. I have been waiting years for a movie with the potential to be good, and I just don't see it. The plot is not compelling, the acting is awful, the visuals are unimpressive (although I'm sure there are a few people out there who like them), the music is bad, and it's just plain awful. I would have just avoided it.  The acting was just plain, unimpressed. I think the story is poorly developed, and that's about all I can say. I wish they could have just cut out all the stupid scenes (I know it's possible to make a story better than this), but they didn't. The actors' lack of chemistry with each other, the direction, and the story itself just made it hard to care about the characters.  In short, the movie just sucks.  I'm just going to say it again. This movie sucks. You will be left wanting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely pointless and has absolutely no entertainment value. I found the first "Tampons" video to be much more interesting and entertaining than this movie. The first "Sailors" movie is actually more interesting than this one, but at least the movie was more entertaining. I can't understand why the producers chose to make this movie with such an extremely low budget. It's just not worth it. I would just warn anyone to steer clear of this movie and never watch it again. I just wish that the movie could have been at least 10 minutes longer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just another reason why this is a terrible movie. The story is so flat and uninteresting, that it's almost impossible to care about anyone in it.  There is nothing interesting about any of the characters. The only one with any personality is the main character, but the whole cast is so one dimensional that the only way I can relate to him is by getting off to the idea that he is actually a psychopath. The acting is so bad that it becomes difficult to relate to anyone in the movie.  The story goes on and on and never really gets a chance to develop a single plot point.  I think this was made with the sole intention of getting people to see this movie. That is clearly not the case. I was just as disgusted by the movie as the rest of you.  If you are looking for a horror movie, then I recommend skipping this movie altogether. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a complete waste of time. I saw it on cable, and I can't understand how it was on DVD. The DVD-only version is much better than the original broadcast, but still not good enough to have made it onto the DVD. I guess it should have been a DVD-exclusive. That's a shame, because the actors weren't that good. The only thing I can think of is that they should have spent a little more money on the special effects. If they had, the movie could have been more interesting. But what's the point? This is the lowest of the low, so it's no surprise it gets 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe how bad this movie is. It is so bad I almost wonder if the makers are going for shock value with it. It has the usual clichs and tropes of a horror movie. The characters are too stereotypical and don't have much to offer. One of the most memorable scenes in the movie was when the kids are playing with a monster, and one of the boys falls on a rock and is killed.   The acting was not great, but it was not so bad. The music was okay, but not good enough to create a decent soundtrack.  The story wasn't anything worth remembering. It's just a bad, pointless, forgettable mess.  And finally, the ending. It was so weak and pointless that I found myself crying in the theater.  All in all, I can only give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I should start by explaining what this movie is supposed to be about and why it is a bad piece of garbage. If you want to see a movie that has some sort of storyline, but is only about a few people and the rest of the movie consists of people sitting around and waiting for the movie to start... I will explain why this is a complete waste of time and will even offer a few suggestions for other people to watch this movie instead. The plot is completely uninteresting, the actors do not act well, the story is extremely predictable, and the characters are not very believable. If I had to rate the movie, it would be a 1/10, because the acting was bad and the plot was totally useless.  The movie is not as funny as most movies made for kids, because it is very much about being a kid and the people you are about to meet and the situations you will encounter, and that makes it a complete bore. I would say that if you are watching this movie to "enjoy" the movie... I don't think you will enjoy it, because you will have to sit around for hours and hours and are likely to become bored of waiting for something to happen. The movie only exists for the purpose of getting your attention and you will most likely spend a lot of time looking at other people and making fun of them.  I recommend skipping it unless you want a very long movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen several movies about the famous Italian mafia, but this one just seems to have no imagination. The film is about two people who are in the mafia's inner circle, but at the same time are not involved in the actual criminal activities. They get caught up in a criminal case and are sent to jail for years on end. The plot is predictable and not very interesting.  This film does not hold together well. It starts off fine, then goes downhill from there. A bad script, a bad acting performance, and a bad director all combined to make this film a disappointment. It has no interest in the main characters or anything that happens in it. The only good thing about it is that it gives the viewer the feeling that this is actually happening in the Mafia, and that is not always a good thing.  It seems like there was an awful lot of effort and money that went into making this film, but it just does not make sense. It is like it was made with a bunch of kids. The movie is about as predictable as a bunch a kids' movie can get, and it just doesn't hold up.  I give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only imagine the sheer frustration in the director's eyes as he sat on his hands and eyes with this film.  This is the most boring and predictable film I've ever seen. The acting is so painfully wooden and boring. And yet, it's OK because it's supposed to be the worst horror film of all time.  The film is just so painfully, un-cute and utterly unbelievable. The opening scene with the woman and the child in the bathtub is so dull and so awful it's actually funny, but that's not why this movie is so bad. The main problem is that the film isn't scary or even remotely scary. It's just boring and un-funny. And it gets worse from there.  In the film's defense, there is some really good performances in it, but not enough to make up for the total lack of horror in this film...even by this director's standards.  So, don't waste your time. It doesn't even deserve to be rated a 2/10.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't even know what I'm talking about. It's just an awful film, with nothing going for it but a few clunky shots and a few lame bits. I can't even remember what this movie is supposed to be about. I'm not sure what the story is supposed be about at all. The only thing that I can come up with is that there's a plot about a man who kills a lot of people and a bunch of them are all killed by the murderer, and they all meet the murderer in the afterlife.  The acting is pretty bad, and the cinematography isn't good either. The story was just about as dull as it can get. The plot was really just an excuse to shoot all of the main characters in the most brutal way possible. This is the kind of movie that I would rather see an adult watching. It would make a pretty cool movie to rent on video, if they have it. The ending was pretty lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film for the first time this week and, as is typical for this genre, it was a bit hard to get through. There was no point to the story; the plot was just too confusing for it to have any impact on the story at all. The actors were at least OK in the roles they were given, but none of them seemed to be able to bring their characters to life on film. It seemed to me that they had no interest in making the film work, or even bothering to care about what they were doing. The editing was poor, as it was so rushed and the camera used to be way too shaky to be believable. I really don't know what they had planned to do with this film, or how it was going to end. It was just a mess.  The film is really just a collection of a bunch of actors playing their characters and trying to get as much screen time as possible. It's a pity that this film was made, because the story was a real shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really like the character, and think it would have been an excellent movie if he had been played by a good actor. But, he wasn't. He was played by "Mr. Eddy" and I think this is what you call a "lousy actor". You know, it was his turn, he did the best he could, and that's it. The rest was terrible.  This is what happens when you waste your time trying to make a funny movie. It's so, so, SO bad. The characters are stupid, the acting is bad, the plot is stupid, and you can tell that they did not try to make it a comedy. And they did. They did.  It's a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what I thought the first time I saw it, and I thought it would be the worst horror movie ever made. But when it actually came out, I thought I was the only one who thought it was so awful.  I can't believe anyone would see this movie and think it was good.  The story itself is completely pointless, and the acting is completely subpar. The whole thing is just not worth watching and only adds to the horror genre that I hate.  It was so painful to watch because I felt so stupid for thinking this would be good. I can only assume that because I knew it was terrible, I didn't care to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really bad comedy, a waste of time. If you're looking for something to watch, don't waste your time on this film.  It's not even worth reviewing. There are too many other films I'd rather watch, and you're just going to sit there and laugh at it. It's like the guys who made this film went "Oh, I know a really lame joke and I want to make it even more lame!" and just made the most shallow attempt to be funny.  The script is so terrible, the acting so bad, the story so stupid, and the jokes so predictable and so boring that I just want to say "I'm so tired of watching movies where the actors don't know what they're talking about and when the movie has to do a joke it gets worse and worse until it gets to where I'm thinking "Okay, I can't take it anymore."  And then it gets better.  So, don''t waste your money on this, unless you're really bored and you want to laugh at your own misfortune. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is about as funny as a bad episode of the X-Files. The only way this film could have been funny was if it had been written by someone who knew nothing about movies and who just didn't know how to write a script.  This is the absolute worst of the films directed by Don Sibell. This film is so far below the level of this previous film of his (the previous film was great, but I don't care how great it was, I dont want to watch this movie again, unless it was made in 1988). I know I am just making a negative judgement, and I am sure that the majority of the critics will make the same judgement.  But I would recommend the other film by Don, "Barely Lethal". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about this movie is that it gives the audience an idea of what they're supposed to expect from the rest of the movie, namely a very predictable ending.  The other negative aspect is that the entire cast is completely unrecognizable. It's like having a bunch of kids playing a bad version of the Twilight Zone. They all seem so happy in the beginning, but later on they start acting like little kids who just can't believe their own parents' stupidity. I'm sure there's a director somewhere out there who could've figured out a way to make the cast a bit more likable, but this is not it.  I give this movie 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poorly made movie with a very low budget and a bad script. A lot of the actors were over-acting and the story wasn't that interesting. It's also hard to believe how this movie made its way to DVD. The plot and story of this movie should not have been given a DVD release. It made me believe that the movie's producers really wanted to sell this movie, and the DVD release should have been stopped at the gate. This movie should be banned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so disappointing I couldn't believe it was even released. It's just not a good movie. Not even a bad one. It was just a pile of lame acting, bad direction, and bad direction/writing. I can't believe anyone who put in such effort on such a movie would have made it. The only redeeming factor was the fact that there was a great soundtrack (it's not really a "bad movie" in my opinion), which is what made the movie work. It just isn't even worth seeing. I'd just avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is about a group of young girls who are so afraid of being rejected by their boyfriends that they invite a group to come and stay with them for a few days.  The main cast members (Catherine O'Hara and Anne Walker) are so boring that the film seems like it was made to make a joke at the expense of the fans. The director, Alan Bates, has made the film into a low-budget feature, but the acting and script are so poor that it is barely even funny. There are so many scenes where the characters' voices change, but you never know what's going on.   The only saving grace is the fact that the girls are allowed to be a bit naughty. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a total waste of time, the acting is bad and the story is extremely shallow. This is the type of movie that the producers have made over the past few years, I can only conclude that this is the new 'look' for the Disney owned studio.  The story is a complete waste of effort. The director has done a bad job and it shows. The only saving grace is that the film was made for children. I can't say much more, but I'm not going to waste time reviewing this crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is basically an attempt to cash in on the recent popularity of "Game Over". It does try to be original but the story doesn't have any suspense or drama.  The main characters are bland and uninteresting, and the acting is poor. The script is terrible and the effects look very poor. All in all it is a very boring, extremely predictable and very uninteresting movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this piece of crap, the movie tries to sell its ideas by having the characters act as if they are actually the characters from the book.  I cannot say that I saw anything interesting, but I did see the movie in its entirety. This is a bad, poorly made, cheap and poorly made adaptation of a book that is not even a good book. The movie should not have been made and I would not recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in this subject. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a complete waste of time. The story is completely uninteresting, the acting is awful, the music is totally inappropriate, and the direction is so choppy and awful. There is absolutely no reason to see this film, even if you like horror.  I'm sorry but I just don't understand how they got this film made. If they are that desperate for money and time, I'm sure they could have just made a really good movie: an adult horror flick that's filled with gore, violence and nudity. They could have used a better writer, a better director, a different location and a completely different cast. And they still made this movie. The only reason why they made this film was to get their names in the credits.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Swing" theme is just too lame and unnecessary. The acting is bad, the story is predictable and the ending is so rushed and unsatisfying. I would have preferred the ending of "The Man Who Cried Wolf" where the character finally accepts the death of his daughter, but it just didn't happen in this one.   The only good thing about this film is the fact that it's about the most ridiculous man in movies history. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Dark Knight Rises" was a good movie. It was fun, well written, and the plot had some twists and turns. It wasn't as bad as "The Da Vinci Code", but it was pretty bad. This movie tries to have all the same ideas as "Dante's Peak", "The Phantom of the Opera", "Twin Towers", "A Streetcar Named Desire", "Bitterly Sweet", and "A Nightmare on Elm Street". And it fails. It doesn't deserve the "Worst Movie Ever" title because it is not as bad. It's just that it tries to do so many things that are not even in the plot of the movie.  It's about the Joker. He's back. He has become more of a villain than Batman. He murders a lot of people, even though he's in jail. He kidnaps the Joker's girlfriend and threatens to kill her if Batman won't stop him.  This is a very bad movie. I mean, the entire movie was a waste of time. This is the only thing I can say that "The Rises", a movie with a lot more twists and plot, is better. It should be called "The Worst Movie Ever".  If you want to see a great movie: check out "The Return of the Joker", "Batman & Robin", "Nightmare on Elm St.", "The Killing Joke", "Detective Comics", "Superman Returns", "Dangerous Liar", "Toys", "Wonder Woman", "Escape from the Mall", "Man of Steel", "Justice League", "Catwoman", "Flash Gordon", "Cars", "Iron Man", "Small Soldiers", "Ghostbusters", "Toy Story", "Winnie the Pooh", "Frozen", "Karate Kid", "Maggie's Birthday", "Lazy Town", "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", "Sleeping Beauty", "Aladdin", "Hook", "Pocahontas", "Beautiful Molly", "Alice in Wonderland", "Peter Pan", "It's a Wonderful Life", "Jack the Giant Slayer", "Groo from Hook", "Black Narcissus", "Stargate Atlantis", "Star Wars", "Avatar", "Lost", "Legends", "Treasure Planet", "Jedi", "V", "Transformers", "Terminator", "Spider-Man", "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had seen the trailer and had assumed it would be a good film, but, as I was reading the synopsis, I found myself thinking that this could be an episode of the "Wasteland" TV series. I was very surprised to find that this was a remake of the 1985 movie, which was so awful that it made me want to see it again. The only reason I'm reviewing it here is that it was recently re-released on DVD.  I'd like to warn others not to waste their time or money on this film. The actors, director, and writer, are all terrible, and I'm sure they will all be sued by the film's makers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A sequel to the infamous "Bitter Sweet Symphony" (I mean I know it's a sequel, but it's just so incredibly lame, I mean I don't think it would have gotten 2nd place in a Best Picture competition) is here. What does "Biter Sweet Symphony", a movie about a piano player and his ex-girlfriend get to do in this film? A complete waste of time, what with the terrible soundtrack, the acting (at least in my opinion) was bad, and the plot. I mean it really comes down to this. Who can believe that the piano player was actually in love with his ex, even after all the abuse and abuse that she suffered? It's not like he was being abused in any way. Why was she in love? What was she doing? Why were they going to the concert? I'm sorry but, even if you know that a pianist was in love, it's still not worth it to go to a concert and listen to this piece of crap. And when it came time for the movie to end, the actor was in the bathtub (so that's what they do) and the sound of the piano playing was so loud it was deafening.  If I was a movie critic, I would not recommend this movie. It's a complete waste. It doesn't even feel like a "real" movie, it feels like it was made to look like it. If you can't tell the difference, it probably isn't the movie for you. I'm guessing that most people don't like this movie, but if you do like this film, then I don' think you'll like the movie I made for you! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original was OK, but the remake was just not in keeping with the original. It was just a little too dark and gritty. In the original, there was a good plot and character development.  The remake is a straight-up horror film without any suspense, suspense, and horror elements.  You really feel like you are trapped in the room with the killer.  There are a few scenes that make the remake interesting, but they are very brief and do not add up to the film.  This movie really made me feel like I was watching a bad remake of a horror movie. I don't even remember the last time I really liked a horror film. I just don't know what to expect. This was a really bad movie, and it left me with a feeling that this was the movie I made because I felt so bad for liking the original so much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand what they were thinking with this one. First off, it was sooooo long. Second, it felt like a half hour, not a full hour. The acting was just plain awful. The only reason I even rated it 3 stars is because of the fact that they showed the ending to the movie and it made the movie better. I am surprised that they bothered to show the ending at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not the worst movie I have seen, but it was certainly not the best. It is a pretty predictable story about a bunch of losers that gets told from start to finish. The problem with the story is that the acting is not as good as it could have been. The acting is very flat, and the movie never really gets to the point of the plot, or even really seems to know what it's trying to say. There is no sense of mystery or excitement to the story. It just seems to be the story that comes out of the writers' heads. The movie really should have been a very, very poor imitation of "The Hangover", but it just seemed to have a lot more potential to be a much better film. The story seems to go in all sorts of directions without actually getting any traction with anyone. There are some scenes that were good enough for a B-grade film, but they really should not have been in a movie called "Fargo". The movie just seems like it was written in a day, and it's a wonder how it got to be so bad.  If you're looking for a fun film, "Furious Heights" should be a better choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the whole movie was an excuse to insert a few characters from the show.  The movie was boring, the actors were not really likable, and the plot was too weak to care about. The story should have been done years ago, but was never finished. The show ended way too soon.  I gave it a 2 because it was okay. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, and I wouldn'm surprised if it gets made at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I was hoping that the movie was made in Canada, not Mexico. And second, I am very disappointed that the Canadian-American actors who are supposed to be from Canadian backgrounds don't come across as "Canadian". In fact, they come across more as a bunch of Hollywood actors from the USA, perhaps, or from the UK.  Now, I know that in the movie's script there is a lot of dialogue that is spoken in a Canadian accent, but that still doesn't excuse the fact that the actors aren't Canadian, and the characters aren't really Canadian. I am sure that this movie is not meant to be a comedy, but there are too many mistakes to forgive that a movie like this could have been made without the actors' effort. I would rather have a movie with better dialog, better acting, and better directing (but that would be a lot more expensive) than this movie, but I don't know if I will be able to watch this one for a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of teenagers get caught up in a bunch of murders, and then the movie turns into a comedy of errors.  The only redeeming quality of this movie is that it's a little better than the original, but it still is terrible. I had to watch it twice just to get through it.  I can't believe anyone actually wants to see this movie. This movie just makes me want to crawl through the sewer.  And the only reason I'm giving this movie a rating of 2 is because it's the only good movie from this series. I gave the other series a 1. I can only assume that most people are just going with the rating of the series. This was a waste of my time and I'm not even considering buying the DVD or Blu-ray of this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst film ever made in America, I have never seen a movie that has managed to make me hate the character so much. I have seen movies where the characters are more interesting than this one, but this is the absolute WORST movie I have ever seen. There is nothing in this movie that is interesting or funny.  The acting is absolutely awful, they are so boring that it's just a waste of time. The plot is completely ridiculous and just makes no sense. It is an absolute waste of money. I can't believe that people like this crap. The only reason that this is in theaters is because it's a cult film.   There are better movies out there. You can see more interesting movies from other countries, if you have the time to waste on this crap, go for it. You will be disappointed. I know this is a cult movie, but I really want to rip off my money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got a copy of this in DVD format, and I can only assume the film is a DVD version of a 2 hour short film. This is a horror film, so I assume that the original was better.  There are a few moments that will haunt me for years to come, such as the very brief appearance of the villain and his henchmen, and the scene in which the villain makes a deal with a killer to steal a child's body and take it to an orphanage, but overall, this was a bad film, and a poorly made one at that. It looks like a cheap low budget horror movie, and this was definitely not a low budget, but that's only because they didn't bother to pay for it.  I think that they should have stuck with the original version, because it had a very clear, original story and direction, and if they could have made the film a little bit better, it would have been a much better film. The original had a lot more personality, and that is what I think they lost when they made this.  The acting was poor, especially for the younger actor, and there was also some pretty lousy editing.  It is a shame to waste such a good idea, as the original is great, but in this case, it failed.  This movie is awful, and at least in the original, there is a little more creativity and personality.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so, so bad. If you like cheesy B movies like this you can have a look at it. It's not even funny in the slightest. There are a couple of good bits in it.  The acting is awful.  I thought it was one of the worst movies ever made, but I guess it's a little more tame than that. The ending is also awful. I was expecting a more out-of-control movie with all the violence and sex and gore, but that's just not the case. It just has no direction at all. You just get a lot of blood and nudity and some sex scenes which are pretty awkward and pointless. I wouldn't recommend it. There's also no direction whatsoever from the story. The characters don't act like characters at all, you just see them do their best. If I was a teacher I'd have a big problem. It has so many mistakes in it and it's just boring. I'd just stick to the B movies you like, like the ones made in the 80's and 90's.  If you want something funny, watch a B movie like "Manos" or "Kon-Tiki". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, it is the first time I saw a movie like this.  Second, the premise is quite simple - "The best friend from hell". But even so, I was still able to predict the plot to a tee. I mean, it's just the first few minutes of the movie, but the ending of this movie was really... I mean... just... stupid.  First thing I noticed was the "no-camera" style. How this is possible with a movie set in New York City? Well, if you were wondering. The movie is based in New Jersey. That's the first thing I can say about it. But that's not the end of the story, because the movie starts out in New Hampshire. Well, I don't think there's anything wrong with that, but, what I mean is... well, you'll have to see the rest of the film for yourself.  Oh, and there's no plot at all. There are scenes in the movie which have been set up beforehand and which have no real connection to the story. So, let me go into a bit more detail here... First of all, I want to say that the acting was not very good in this movie. There was no one who had anything to do with this movie (except the writer and director).  But then I noticed that the actors and actresses who were playing the lead roles were so terrible in their acting that they could not be called stars. You can tell from their faces that they are so unhappy in their jobs, that they want to be able to do something else and just can't afford to take it.  It also seems that the cast was really inexperienced - the only actress I saw was the one who played the sister of the main character. And that was her first acting role. She did not even look like she was happy in her role.  The music in this film is absolutely awful. I don' think there was ever a time when there was a good song in this mess.   I also saw that the movie had no sense of direction at all - it felt like the script had been handed to the writers for a first draft and then written by the scriptwriter as if it was a play. It seemed to me that the script was a first pass - that's the worst possible way to start a movie.  I have seen many movies where a good movie can still make sense. In this case, the movie just... just made
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is just like the other bad films made by the same studio. This time it was a big mistake, they had to make it out of the fact that they made a few short films before and they were considered great. This film however is just horrible. They made a really lame story and a horrible plot. And worst of all they did not even use the old classic 70's comedy. It's like they just made this one to get a few million bucks.  This is just a horrible film with no redeeming factor. It is an unmitigated disaster. The actors are all pathetic, the script is awful and the story is lame. It just isn't worth watching, it's just a waste of time. I hope this film does not get any kind of release, but I cannot imagine it getting any. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that I'm disappointed with the film as a whole. I know it's not a bad film, but it's just not a good movie.  First, there is the plot - it's completely predictable. I'm not a big fan of action films (despite my liking for them), but the amount of action scenes in this film is laughable. The fact that they had to be so much of a distraction to allow for all of the other boring scenes makes this film a failure. The movie is just not that good. I think the director is more concerned with the effects than the story, which makes the acting in the film a complete failure.  Second, the story is about a group of criminals that kidnaps a girl for her sister's engagement. The girl's sister was murdered in her own home and the criminals plan to frame the girl's father for the murder. Unfortunately for them, they get caught and the girl gets murdered by them. The story is a very predictable one, but not one that has a lot of depth. The plot is quite predictable as well, but the acting is awful and this movie suffers because of it.  The only thing that I really liked about this film was the special effects - they were good and I felt a slight sense of nostalgia. However, this film really sucked. This film is nothing more than a waste of time. The special effects were pretty OK, but what they did with them was completely out of place. The only saving grace is that they used them in a couple of scenes.  All in all, I recommend to stay away from this film. It's just a complete waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really don't know why I watched this movie so late. There is nothing in this movie that I can compare to anything else on the list.  It has a very boring story, not very good acting, and there are no jokes in the movie.  I can't say anything negative about the movie other than it sucks to see it. There are no real twists and there is nothing good to happen.  My rating is a 4 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so full of so much bullshit and it is so poorly directed and acted that it really does not stand out in the entire film. Even the "Hollywood" actors, such as the main actors, have no chemistry with each other and the only reason I really liked this movie was because I liked the plot.  I saw this movie as a 10 year old kid and I have seen the same movie made into a kid's movie. This movie has so many plot holes and so many inconsistencies in the movie that I am not sure it even belongs in the same genre. The acting is so bad that the actors are making fun of the characters.  The movie does not deserve a 10 rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wanted to like this movie, but was disappointed at the end. I think it was all too much for the producers to have it be a comedy, but then they decided to turn it into something that just made it too funny for a movie. It is just a waste of time.  There are several jokes that are funny, but just do not add anything to the movie. I guess that they thought that people would think it funny. I just think that the movie was not funny. The only thing that made it funny was the scene where a person is trapped in a giant maze, and the person is actually a cat. I mean it was just funny but still a waste.  This movie could have been so much better if the producers thought that this movie was for people that like comedies. The actors do not know how to act, the camera moves too fast, the dialog is not funny, and everything in the movie is stupid.  It is a shame that the producers of this movie thought that it was funny, because it was not.  The movie is so bad, that I want to turn this review into a positive review about something good, so I can say that I enjoyed this movie a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this at the Cinematheque in New York City and it made me feel very sick to see the actors playing it. This is a comedy, not a drama, so I felt like it should have been a little more interesting. The plot seemed a bit silly to me, although I understand that the movie makers wanted to make a fun movie about a little girl who gets bullied by her classmates. I can see how they made a lot of money on the budget, but this was just so incredibly stupid. I thought it was made for a TV show, and it's not. I'm glad it's over. It made me really mad to see it at the cinema. The script is too long and the acting is not good. I know they are trying to make it a comedy but the plot didn't even have a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very sad, pathetic, sad movie. It has no heart and has no characters or even really any story. A movie is only a few minutes long and what you see on the screen is what you get. What's more, the actors are horrible and the acting is terrible. The entire cast is awful.  There's no suspense, no real story, no reason to laugh, no good dialogue, nothing. I saw the film with a couple of friends and we just stared at each other like we couldn't believe we watched this. And then when we left the theater the other two guys in the theater were so happy to see us because they thought we were in love.  I give this movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping for a good movie but was left disappointed. I'm sure the director was having a laugh at the end, but there was no redeeming value. This is the worst film I've ever seen. The story is a waste of time, the acting was awful and I found myself thinking that it was some kind of satire. If you're a comedy fan, I'm sorry to disappoint you.  If you like horror, I would recommend avoiding this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is a little weak but that is not the problem. This is a movie made by an inexperienced director who had never made a film before. He probably saw the script and thought that he could make a film about a serial killer. Unfortunately, he couldn't. This movie was so horrible that I couldn't take it to see a movie theater again because I was so disgusted by the horrible writing and acting.  I have never seen an acting performance like this in a movie in my life.  This is the worst horror film I have ever seen. It's just not scary. I'm sure that there are people out there who actually enjoy horror movies. I don't.  It should be called "Scary Movie of Horror". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been rated at 2 out of 10. I rate this movie at a 1. The story has no story. The characters are predictable and predictable in the worst way.  I would not have rated this movie a 1 if I had actually seen the movie, but I saw it on the Internet and it seemed so good.  The movie was shot in a very poor studio with a very unprofessional director and a studio sound studio. The movie is not the greatest piece of work I've seen, but it is very poor. It would be better to spend that money on a decent video camera and a good editing job.  It is an absolute waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so completely out of sync with reality. The fact that they used a "wedding" as the theme of this movie makes no sense at all. I found myself wondering if they were even trying to make a movie. The plot is so unbelievable that the characters don't even seem to have any kind of storyline at all - they're just walking through the story.  One scene in particular - which is supposed to take place in the wedding - actually takes place in another location, but you're supposed to think that the scene is taking place in this location because it has a certain type of music playing in the background.  I found it odd that the entire story was supposed to be a dream, but somehow the audience was supposed not to know that it was supposed that way. In the end the whole movie seemed to be just a giant set-up for a bad romantic comedy. I guess that's just the way it went. The whole movie was just so utterly pointless.  It's just a waste of time, and I can't believe that anyone actually watched it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the worst horror film I have ever seen. It is so bad I don't even know how it made it past its initial release. I could not understand the plot at all, and even the actors had no clue what was going on. I mean, they had to be in on the joke when it was released in Japan, right?  It's not even a comedy, I just don't know how you made this film. The only thing I could understand was the way the movie was filmed. Some shots in the beginning are so blurry, I can't make out what they are supposed to be, like the guy's face, or the woman's face. I guess the camera was not working right when the movie came out.  I know it's not as good as I remember the original. It could be better. I don' t think anyone would have been able to watch it for more than 30 minutes. I would have seen it as a waste of time if they hadn't been so obvious with their jokes. But I guess they don't care anymore, because they made so much money off of it. I think they have enough money to make another horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is nothing but a waste of time and money. The script was so poorly written and the actors who are supposed to be "acting" weren't even able to act in the film. They are so horrible, in fact, that they were able to pull off a decent stunt in the beginning. Unfortunately, the stunt was so ridiculous that you couldn't tell what the actor was actually doing. The whole film was just an excuse to let a bunch of actors act like idiots.  A better film would have had a script that was at least good enough to make a movie like this a waste.  The acting is so terrible that the film has been banned from several schools in Japan. The film was shown in a local movie theater in the early 1980's, and people who saw it had no idea what was happening in the movie, and probably did not care because the film was so boring. It is very difficult to imagine how anyone could find this film enjoyable to watch, let alone find it funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie twice, and each time I found it to be utterly, utterly, unbelievably stupid. It was like watching a third grader write a story for his older sister's summer camp.  This film had no plot whatsoever. There were no characters, no plot, no dialogue, no direction, and no reason to be excited. I am extremely disappointed that the makers of this film felt the need to spend money on a movie that does not have the ability to get a rise out of people who do not care about anything except their own personal profit, as well as the fact that this film is being made to look like an "authentic" movie by a studio.  And the fact the film made me want to vomit.  It was just awful. I would like to know if any of these actors have any actual talent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really liked the original version of this movie, and wanted to like the remake.  But I just couldn't stand this sequel. It's awful! I was expecting a little more from this movie. It had the original cast, but the acting was awful. I mean, the only thing I can compare it to is "Dirty Cow". The story was the same, but it had the same actors, and the same script, but not the same quality. I just didn't enjoy this movie as much as the original one. I'll give it 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is a bit like a bad version of "The Simpsons" that was made way too long ago to be relevant.  If this film was made before the Internet was invented, it would have made a great movie for kids in the 1990s. It's too long, too much, and it makes no sense whatsoever. I guess people like to think their parents have seen all the movies, and that movies are better than this. I just wish I could have seen the original version of this film for that reason alone.  The actors, as is usually the case, were horrible, with the exception of a couple of really good ones like David Cassidy and Kevin Pollack. The sound was so bad, I laughed out loud at the sound effect of a person's voice cutting off and then regaining itself. The acting was so amateurish and uninspired that it made the film's original, non-sequel, The Adventures of Rocky & Bullwinkle look like the best film ever.  In fact, the film just seemed to be made to be a fun, silly, and dumb idea that people like myself and my friends could just watch. I know the original Rocky & Bullswinkle was better, and in that case it could have used some of the original's humor and fun, but this film made us look like idiots in the process. It made us feel like our friends had nothing better to do than to sit around and laugh at this film. If you want to watch a bunch of dorky, childish movies, this is a good place to look for them. If this is your only choice of movies, then by all means, skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read an interview with the director about his film: "After working on it for a while, I decided it was not interesting enough to continue. After the third viewing I realized that this was a bad film with terrible script, terrible actors, and terrible direction. It is just plain awful. There is nothing to make it interesting, but it's just not worth it to make fun of it." I don't know if he was joking, but the script and direction were both so terrible that I cannot understand why anyone would even try to make a movie with such terrible script and such terrible directing.  The first time I saw this film, I thought it was hilarious. I think it should have been made into a comedy, and maybe it should've been. The humor in this movie is not worth the price of admission. The movie has no redeeming qualities at all. The acting is so awful, and the direction is so terrible, that I don' t know how I can recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that they actually got away with this one. I have to admit, I really wanted to like it but unfortunately, I just can't find the motivation to.  The only reason I can give this movie a positive review is because it has a very low rating, but I don't feel like I am being unfair by that. It just feels like a very average, run-of-the-mill, action movie.  It is just so bad, it almost feels like they didn't care that they had to make a film like this one and didn't even care that it was a flop.  There is no plot, there is no stakes, there are no characters and the worst thing about the whole film is that the acting is so terrible that you actually want to punch the screen.  If you are looking for a film to "enjoy" this is not it. If you want to laugh at the stupidity of the film, go see a different movie. But if you want a film that is so boring, so devoid of tension and so devoid a of anything that makes you want it to be like this, you will most likely hate this movie. This is a film for children to watch with their parents, not something to be watched by the older ones. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so unbelievably boring, it is so unbelievable, it was not even funny, and it left me feeling like I was watching a cheap horror movie with a couple of friends watching.  It's so predictable, and the plot so stupid, that I can hardly believe it is really made.  I have seen worse. But, even the worst movies I've ever seen, I can enjoy them as a way of killing time, because there is no way to make this film any better than it already is. I can understand why people like the original, but they would be missing out on something amazing. The new one is just plain bad.  The whole film is so incredibly boring, even with the occasional good joke thrown in there. I had to force myself to laugh, just to make it stop. I mean, really? How could anyone enjoy something that makes no sense?  It is truly an abomination. And I cannot see how anyone could recommend it. It's like a bad horror movie made by a bunch of drunk teens that can't write.  That's the only thing that I could agree with.  If you want a horror film, go and rent the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is completely ridiculous, the plot is completely contrived, and the movie doesn't even have the slightest bit of humor to it. What a waste of time! I think it is really bad because they have spent too much money on this film and they are not able to make it look like a fun flick. The characters are extremely wooden and they don't even make sense in their plot. I think the director was very inexperienced and he just tried to imitate what he saw on the big screen. The plot and the acting is a complete failure, it was just not worth watching. This movie is a total waste of money and time. I would never recommend this movie to anyone but for the sake of it I would say that you should watch this film only if you really like cheesy movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a serious film buff like me and can't watch even the most basic of movies on demand without some serious editing, you should be very wary of this.  It's not a very good film at all, but it's pretty funny. I can't say I've seen this movie in over two hours. It's just so slow that I couldn't finish it. The acting is very weak and the story doesn't make sense. The editing is terrible, so I couldn an't tell the story as it went.  If I could rate it lower, I would. I know it was supposed to be a comedy and I didn't get it.  As a horror fan, I'm not surprised that this film is a joke. I just can't believe it. I don't understand how they made this so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie and was not impressed. There was no sense of plot or character development. The cast seemed to be made up of actors who had little to no experience. It was just a bunch of actors and their costumes. This is the type of movie I'd like to see from this writer, but not when he or she is in the same position as this writer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie is awful. It's just not even worth the 2 minutes I spent on it. It looks terrible. I'm not sure how anyone could have made this movie with no budget. It appears to have been made on a laptop in the back of a taxi. The director clearly knows nothing about acting and direction, and probably doesn't even know how to shoot a movie. The camera moves in all directions and zooms in on every little detail. The cinematography is awful, too.  I would like to say that the director has a nice voice and makes movies like this with some flair and flair. I can't say that because it's just horrible. I give this movie a 3. I think it was just made by a drunk teenager who thinks he can do anything. He's probably a moron, because I saw the movie on a DVD. The only thing that was worth watching was the sex scenes, but that's about all there was.  The plot was just too stupid and ridiculous. I didn't even understand what was going on in the movie, because it was so incomprehensible. I would recommend watching this movie for drunk people and people who are stupid because they've never been in a movie before. If you're looking for something to do on your holiday or if you're really drunk and you want to watch a movie that will actually make you feel better about yourself, this movie isn't for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title is a little misleading because it implies that this is a horror movie with a horror theme. This isn't a horror film, it's a straight-up horror movie where a killer is chasing after the heroine.  In the beginning, we're treated to a scene of the heroine getting killed and being resurrected as a vampire in a town. The plot revolves around the vampire killer and his girlfriend. I'm not sure if this is supposed to be a vampire movie, a horror flick, or a straight up horror flick. I think the latter.  The acting is really awful, but that's not why this movie sucks. It sucks because of the story. The story is weak and the story doesn't make sense. There are several plot holes and inconsistencies. The heroine, who is played by a really attractive and talented woman, should have been a sex symbol. The character's backstory is boring and uninteresting. The girl has to get her revenge by killing a girl she's in love with and killing the boyfriend. That's a real bitch. I would have never liked this movie. I thought it was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The only redeeming aspect of it was the music. There was a song by a very talented guy that I absolutely loathe. But I still don't like this movie and I'm still hoping that it'll be made into a proper movie.  I'm really disappointed that a horror title movie has been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of boring, corny characters with absolutely nothing to do with each other. I could have made a list of movies that I could write about better, but there are some that I can't write about and I will say it, that I don't know how to write about them.  One thing that I did like was the soundtrack. It was just a bit too much of a slow, awkward tune and the music was just awful. I can say that I like the music of the score better than the film, but the film is really bad. It should have been a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A poor film from a poor director. I am a bit surprised that it has been awarded with the Best Picture Award. I mean what does a poor film have to do with a best picture award. The film was so flat and boring I had to force myself to watch it.  I guess that the film was made with the intention of having a crowd pleaser effect and that it didn't quite work. The ending of the film is pretty lame but the rest of the movie is not too bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it was the worst movie I've ever seen. It was really stupid. It has a really lame title, but it doesn't need one. It should have been called "The Unholy Truth". It's just an over-the-top, extremely shallow, stupid and boring film. The director tried to make the audience feel like they were inside the film, but failed miserably. The acting was horrible, and I hated the whole thing.  The story was very predictable. I know the story had to be about a family with a daughter who's father has been dead for years, and the daughter is really, really upset that she hasn't been able to see him in the last ten years, so she and her mother decide to get a paranormal investigator to help them solve the mystery of what happened to her father. It sounds like a really bad "cable" horror film, which is kind of funny considering how much fun it is to sit through this stuff.  This film is really just a very dull, boring horror film. Nothing special. I can't believe this was even made.  I give this 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has one or two things going for it, but its too late. It has one really boring, not to mention flat and predictable, story. There's not a single good thing in the movie, and the acting was abysmal. The movie has no redeeming qualities other than the fact that it's supposed to be "Japanese." This is the only reason that this movie isn't a 10 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the premise (the characters are all friends of one another) to be rather interesting, but the characters' actions were not believable. I'm not sure what the story was about or why the movie was so poorly made, but this film was a disappointment. The acting was so terrible that I found myself actually laughing. The actors all played one way too close to each other.  I felt sorry for them. It was not even worth watching. The film seemed to be written and directed by people who are too lazy to write anything. The story did not follow the characters, and was completely incoherent.  The whole movie seemed to have been made in the hopes that it would make a profit.  If you're looking for a laugh, stay away. The movie is probably worth about one minute of your time. It's certainly not worth watching unless you're a masochist. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film in the spirit of 'The Evil Dead', this film features a man named "Lance". This film is supposed to be a documentary, but Lance spends most of the film getting lost in his own personal hell. The cinematography in the film is fairly unremarkable. The plot itself is pretty standard fare, but the acting is completely flat. The characters are flat, the acting flat, and the plot flat. This film has some decent footage of people falling from the moon and running out of their own time, but nothing else.  The plot is very, very predictable. The only really interesting aspect of this film is Lance's own character, and that's because he is so flat and predictable that he can be made to look like the most compelling character in the movie. However, that character is so very flat and uninteresting that he actually does nothing for the film.  As I've said before, this film isn't very good.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film to be quite disappointing. It didn't even have the basic elements of the classic horror film. The script was pretty basic and the acting was just not that good. There was not even a hint of the scares or tension of the horror films I've seen. It was just a straight up horror movie. I didn't see how the movie could have been so bad when it had some really good moments in it. The ending was very predictable and I could not get through the whole movie. It would have been better if it were all just the gore scenes. There wasn't even any scares in the actual movie.  It's just so predictable that I cannot think of any other way to describe it. I'm not going to say it was a bad film, but it was pretty bad. It had no redeeming features, and I'm sure I will never watch it again. I wish I had just seen the original version of the movie. The film was just OK. It has no redeemning features whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say, I've seen the entire movie and it is the worst one I have ever seen. It is the lowest rated movie I've ever seen and it's only a few minutes longer. It's only about 15 minutes, and that is a pretty short movie. It should have lasted a few hours and was better. But this was a low budget film that needed to be made to generate cash. And that is what they did. They made it so you didn't care about the movie, you didn' care about anything, they made a few things up as if they were true.  It had no meaning. I don't care if it is in the middle of nowhere, I don' care if the people you are going to meet are all that bad, I just don't give a shit if it was made for money, you don't get to have it unless you want to.  I think it is all made up to get people to buy the DVD. That is what the movie was really about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never seen this movie. I remember seeing it in the late 90s. But this film is so bad, and the plot so unbelievable, that I was wondering why I would watch it at all. I can't say I'm surprised by the poor rating. It is a horrible film. I'm pretty sure the director, Don Cheadle, did not even understand the basics of screenwriting. If you don't know the plot, don't watch this movie!  The actors are terrible and I can only assume the actors who were supposed to be "stars" were forced to do their job. It's not funny.  This movie makes no sense and there is no hope for it to be good.  I'm sure the plot will be made up to make it look better, and people will continue to watch it because it's bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure why this film has not been made into an adult film. I guess it would have to do with the fact that this film was shot in the late 70's and the actors were obviously in their teens. There are no adult actors in this film. The film is completely without any adult content.  The film opens with the main character being a teacher who gets a call that she's going to be sent to the hospital to care for an ill patient. This film is absolutely horrible. There is absolutely nothing that can be said about the actors except that they are both really unprofessional. I felt that the director had a poor grasp on the actors and the film lacked any type of believable dialog or acting. I would have liked to have seen the director make the film into a movie instead of this awful, poorly made mess. I can't say anything bad about the director but the film is really bad and I can guarantee that anyone who has watched this film will have a very difficult time.  I give this film a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like this kind of thing then watch the movie, otherwise it's just a waste of time.  A typical example of a stupid movie, and not one I've ever seen on this channel before. The cast and director had a lot of fun, but they should have taken the hint and not made this kind o a "horror" movie.   And by the way, there was no explanation, or even a story in it. This movie is really just a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how anyone can see the movie without having a strong sense of horror or horror movies as an entertainment medium. I'm sure the movie was a lot of fun for kids, but there is no reason to watch it to understand the horror genre. The movie looks like it was filmed on a low budget (I saw it with an original budget of $10 million). And the story line has no plot whatsoever, the only reason why I thought the movie would make a good horror movie was because of the killer in it. But I can't say it's a good movie because it doesn't even make sense. The killer, who is actually a character that is supposed to be a real person, and has a voice and character, is supposed do all the things that are supposed to happen in the movie.  The killer has a bunch of really stupid reasons to kill people. He kills a woman who is trying to escape her abusive boyfriend and then murders a man who tried to kill his girlfriend.  This movie is a very cheap imitation of horror movies that are actually not so much movies. It is very sad and makes you feel sad when you see the killer killing people. I think if someone made a better horror movie, then I would give it a better rating. But since they didn't, I'll just leave it off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it was a disaster. Not only was it boring but the story was weak. And, I have to say it was quite sad that the director thought it was funny to make it funny. I don't know what the director was thinking. I have no idea why he made this movie and even less how he came up with it. It was just a complete waste of time. I really hope that the Director's Club can fix this movie because the first two episodes were okay and the rest were very slow and boring.  The only redeeming feature was the music, which was OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very low budget movie with very little production value. Some shots were better than others, but nothing to write home about. The cast had very little chemistry together and was a bit too much like a low budget B-Movie. I'd suggest looking for a better movie to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just can't get into this film, which seems to be a series of movies about the same old plot, but with more gore and more nudity.  But, on the other hand, the acting is pretty good (and the acting of the woman who plays the main character was really good!) So, I guess that's one good thing.  Oh, and the story is just too ridiculous to make me care about it.    This film should be renamed "Gore-Nipples." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film's plot is laughable. It's very predictable and not nearly as interesting as the original. It doesn't even deserve to be called a "filler" as it's just not enough.  It does have the unfortunate honor of being one of the few "divergent" films to have been nominated for Best Picture. That doesn't mean much. There's nothing in it that could have been good and the director should be fired immediately.  A waste of time and money.   I give it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this is an awful film. Its only redeeming point is that it has a little bit of humor. Unfortunately, the rest of the movie is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is pretty predictable and pretty bad, although the acting was pretty good. The movie is about a very odd couple who have an unusual relationship with their dog. Unfortunately, the movie fails to tell us anything about what really went on between them. The story, while pretty simple, is extremely predictable, especially since the main character's dog was not in the movie, so the movie does not get any credit for the plot. Also, the only thing that seemed to be believable was the dog's name, "Bass".  Overall, this movie is extremely stupid and should not be shown to people, even though it looks like a pretty good movie at first. If you want to see a poorly made movie about two weirdo people, go see Dogfight. If not, skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad "movie" that's not worth wasting your time. It's not a thriller, it's not even a comedy, it really isn't even a horror movie...it's just a bunch of people in the back seat of a bad car trying to scare a bad girl. There's absolutely nothing to scare anyone, and it's only just beginning. The only reason I could give this "movie", is that the plot was so predictable. I don't understand how someone can make this movie, and still have it out at the theater. I just can't believe they made it, and then gave it to people to see.  And even worse, I can't understand what the hell they were doing at that movie theater. This movie is so incredibly bad, and so horribly boring...it even scared the heck out of me.  In retrospect, I probably should've done more research before seeing this movie...I could've done it a lot better.  I can only give this movie 4/10, and hope to never see this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got a copy of this movie at a used video store. I'm a big fan of the "The Wizard of Oz" movies, but I was disappointed to see how badly this one turned out.  The plot is basically "Wizards, witches and wizards, oh my!" I could barely understand most of the dialogue. The film just didn't have the right feel to it. Some of the characters are very boring. The acting is awful, and the music is awful. The plot had nothing to it that would make it interesting.  I gave the rating a 3/10, since I really wanted to like this movie. But the fact that I couldn't really enjoy it makes me wonder how many people actually liked it. It's just not worth your time. I would not recommend this movie to anyone, even if they liked "The Wiz", because it's not worth the time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is simply awful. I am a huge fan of the original movie and the TV show. I can't understand how this movie could come from the creators of such a great movie! The acting is terrible, the script is awful, the direction is terrible (even worse than the original show), and the sound design was not much better than the previous show. In a word, this movie is awful.  This isn't a surprise, since it has the same directors and writers. The original movie had a good story, but it wasn't the best of the TV series.  The DVD has some extras. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is basically a bunch of clips of people talking, which I thought sounded a bit boring. The director tried to make it interesting by adding some "character moments" (where people are doing things, and then later on they are talking about them). I would have appreciated a bit more effort. It was very predictable, and the whole movie could have been a whole lot better. It also failed to connect with people in the real world, instead it focused on their dreams and hallucinations. If you have no interest in this film, just leave it. I found myself going back and forth between this and "Dream a Little Dream" (the other bad film in the movie). If you are into this sort of thing, watch the latter one first, because the director was a bit of a genius.  I would also recommend not watching this film if you are a young person, because this movie will be really boring to you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has absolutely nothing to do with the original. It has absolutely no story line to speak of, there is absolutely nothing in it to make it entertaining or believable.  The plot has absolutely zero credibility. The movie doesn't even make sense, I mean really, even if you know that the author was trying to write a very long book and the movie is about a family, how can the movie make sense without a book? The movie starts with the narrator telling us that the movie has a storyline, and then when we get to the opening scene it all starts to unravel in a confusing mess.  I don't know what happened to the movie's writer, or the movie itself. But what I do know is that it is a waste of time and that this film made it a lot more difficult for me to decide which way I was going to go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My opinion about this movie is based on the fact that I am a man who is easily offended and would have liked to see it over and over again. But it's a horror movie so it gets the job done, I suppose. But this one's so bad that I cannot see the point of watching it anymore. It is a slow, predictable, and unimaginative horror flick. There's really nothing interesting to say about it. It just isn't scary.  I'm sorry to say it, but I just cannot find any redeeming features in this movie. I think it is a disgrace to the genre. It should have never been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film in an old theater and was so disturbed by the fact that I did not feel at home with the characters, and the story seemed so forced and poorly written. I don't care what the story was about, but it was the last movie I ever watched in a theater.  I was so sickened by the film that I had to turn the film off. I would have been happier if I had been able to enjoy the film as it was meant to be.  The plot is a bunch of stupid clichs. They try to make the story sound like a mystery, but the plot is very predictable and there is no real mystery to be solved. This is just a bunch off lame ideas. I was hoping for an original story with a real story behind it, but this movie just made me feel like a piece of garbage. The only redeeming quality was the great acting, and I will give them that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is basically an advertisement for the book and is a waste of time and money. The story is weak, the acting is terrible, and the actors are completely useless. The only reason the film was worth seeing was for the trailers. The fact that the movie is being shown in theaters in the US shows that this film was made to show a negative depiction of an adult and not a positive one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an insult to all the good things about the original "Star Wars", namely the original trilogy and prequels, movies which were the true source of my childhood nostalgia. I remember the first film very well and loved it. The idea of a small spaceship and a crew of heroes with the sole purpose of protecting the galaxy from evil, and of course the Jedi Council, were what got me hooked on "Star Trek".  I was hoping for something different with this film. Something different and more epic. But "The Phantom Menace" has become a box office bomb. It was so boring I don't even know what to say to myself anymore.   It's not funny. There is no suspense, no excitement, no fight scenes, no action, and none of the characters are likable. The only thing I like about this film is the music. It's the same song over and over again and sounds really stupid when it's not playing.  There are three things I can criticize about the film, and they are the same things I critiqued about "Phantom Menace". The acting is pretty terrible. It looks like some of the actors had a nervous breakdown and were drunk in the studio, and I'm not surprised. They were in the middle of making "Phantoms", the first "Star War" film. So, yeah, there is no excuse for them to be drunk. But even with all their problems, the script and direction are awful. It doesn't make sense, and there are too many plot holes.  It is a waste of time. The entire thing is just about one big, dumb fight scene. This is not a fight film, it's a film about the heroes trying to protect the galaxy. It takes about two minutes from the first opening scene to the end of the film to show you how they do that.  "Pharm" isn't the only film that can be said to have wasted the time of its audience, it was only the second. I can't wait to see the next movie with the same plot, direction and direction.  I have no idea what was the point of this film other than for the money. The whole thing is so boring that I can only assume it was made to cash in on the "StarWars" phenomenon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a disappointing movie for me. I would have liked to see more action and action-oriented movies from Hollywood. But, it's not the worst movie ever made.  The movie is about a high school girl and a group of guys who decide to kidnap a girl to force her to go to school. The whole movie is one big mess of plot. The story line of the girl is a joke. The guys do some funny things, but they are so stupid that the girl would have been able to outsmart them. The girls in the movie do not seem to be in any way like the real girls. It's just a bunch of high school guys playing dumb and annoying girls who make fun of the guys in a funny way. It was pretty hard to watch and I didn't think much about it. But it was probably the worst video I've seen of a movie in a while.  I give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was so bad that I would have thought it was a made for TV movie, and then I found out it was actually a movie made by Paramount Pictures. I was not expecting a movie with a story to tell. I just wanted to see my beloved Star Trek: Enterprise crew at their most sad, pathetic and pitiful. But it did not. This movie was an unmitigated disaster.  Some things just don't belong in a movie. It's as if they just made it to fit the rules, or to make it look cool. Or maybe it was just an excuse for a terrible movie. I mean, why do I think it was made for television?  And then I saw the DVD, and I realized that there was one thing that it did belong in the movie - and that was the music. It was awful, and the only reason that I even bothered to review it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be rather boring, it was quite frankly one of the most boring movies I have ever seen. I could have watched the whole movie without much interest in it, but even if I was going to watch it, I would have been bored. It seemed to be a very oddball film, not even very funny, and it made absolutely no sense whatsoever. The acting was pretty weak, and the story was really a mess.  I thought the movie had some funny moments, but there was nothing funny in it. It just seemed to me like it was made with no regard for any of the things that would normally be considered a part of a film. I thought it was very hard to understand the story, the story itself was completely nonsensical and the acting was really very, very bad.  It was just plain boring and I wouldn't recommend it at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only imagine that this was filmed by a few idiots, who couldn't decide whether to go for a straight comedy or a horror film. The acting was atrocious, and the plot was utterly predictable. I found myself not caring for the film as much as the first 10 minutes had. The final half hour was particularly grating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Barely Lethal" is a movie that should never have been made. This film is so low-budget that it looks like a TV show made for the cheap cable channel, or an adult video. If you enjoy horror and are willing to overlook the occasional oddness, "BARELY LETHAL" is worth watching.  Unfortunately, it's so boring and pointless that it's almost impossible to take the time to watch it. There's no story, no action, no dialog, nothing. In fact, the only thing that actually moves the plot forward is the character of the murderer. This character is so predictable that it makes me sick.  "barely lethal" is not an entertaining movie.  I gave it a 2/10, and was even more disappointed when the DVD came. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad it's amazing it made the box office, it's so bad that I actually forgot how I even bothered watching the movie. The plot was so incredibly contrived, the acting was so unbelievably awful, the plot could have been a comedy. It was an abomination. This is probably the worst horror movie I have ever seen, it was so awful I actually had to take a few minutes to write a negative reviewing about it. I was so disgusted with it that I felt like I had just watched the worst movie ever made, and I am only talking about the worst. I've seen worse movies, and this was by far the worst one. It wasn't even funny. The worst part of the movie was the "frightening" music. It's awful. It makes you feel like you are in a horror movie. It just isn't worth watching, even for a laugh. This was an absolute waste of time.  I can't believe I gave it a 10 rating, and it was only 9.5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a waste of my time. I can't believe it actually took 3 hours to make it, but they were filming in the car park of a house and had to get the car running. This movie is only the second movie I've seen that actually made the car run on it's own (the other being the movie "Won't you like it when I smile?").  They were using the car's engine to run the engine in a 'chase' mode (like the movie 'Speed' - it's not a real chase). I don't know how anyone who made this movie could have been a car mechanic. It's like having to make the car into a racecar in a movie.  There was no point in the movie, if you want to see a chase movie with a car that actually runs on it it would be the movie: "Speed".   The only redeeming quality was the song they used for the movie. It was actually catchy, but it just didn't seem to fit. They should have used something more original, like "The Big Lebowski". I don' t know why this movie was made. There was a trailer for it on YouTube, so maybe they are making more of these?  It was so bad that even when I saw the DVD I couldn't understand what they were trying to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is the most predictable plot I've ever seen. It could've been done without the plot. It's not even as entertaining as the one from "Walt Disney World." This one was a disappointment. This movie is one of the worst of all Disney films. The movie was so poorly made I had to watch it twice to make sure I wasn't being fooled.  There was also no way to enjoy it on DVD because it's so bad.  If you're going to see this movie, just leave it alone. Just don't get the special edition DVD because I guarantee you will never get to see any special edition. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you enjoy the style of films made in the early 90's and enjoy the story line, then this film is a waste of your time. It is so poorly made that you'd be more disappointed if it were to be made today. The story is flat, uninteresting, and it is the most boring film I've ever seen. There is no romance, no action, no character development, and no real emotion. This is not an action film, it is just a movie made to be shown in a theater. It has all the hallmarks of a bad film made in 90's. There are no special effects. No sound effects. A very weak cast.  I can't believe that this was made at all. It makes me sick to my stomach. The worst movie I have ever seen, it makes me want to rip my hair out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie looks like it was made in the 80's and it isn't. It has one of the worst acting I've ever seen in my life. The movie is about a girl who is killed by her father. A group of men go to her house and they find the dead girl's sister. The guy who found her sister is trying to kill his sister. He kills his sister, then kills the father, and the girl's mother. The girl's father is the only person who's alive in the entire movie.  It's like a bad version of "The Walking Dead" minus the zombies.  This is not even the worst movie I've seen. It's actually worse than "The Wolfman" from 1987. This movie is worse than the "Tron 2" from 1993.  The movie just sucks.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what we all think of when we think of "The Phantom Menace". It's the story of a gang of men who are sent on a mission to rescue a Princess. It's boring, slow, and lacks all that was special about the first film. This movie is a very sad one. They should have made a remake of Return of the Jedi. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw the movie on the video release (the first "Kramer vs. the Monster" DVD), and thought it was the greatest ever comedy. It seemed like such a simple premise, a monster kills off a few people, and then the rest of the cast is killed off one by one (except for the occasional stand-in), but it didn't work out. The acting was so-so, and the comedy was so shallow. I was really disappointed, and I was also disappointed with the lack of a killer (I guess they didn't feel like making a killer out of the whole cast) or something to make it really funny. I would have liked it if the movie had been better, and if it had been a sequel to "The Monster" or "Kung Fu Kid", which are actually great movies, but it wasn't. It was just an unoriginal piece of crap that was poorly made.  I thought the movie could have been much funnier, if the actors were actually funny, and they hadn't tried to be funny through their acting, but instead tried to make the movie as serious as possible.  The DVD was also a little rough, with the picture not showing up on the screen at all. But the picture is pretty good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just awful. There was no chemistry, no acting, and absolutely no sense of any of the characters' emotions. The only reason I remember this movie is that I saw it on TV once on a channel that would never have allowed such a thing to happen.  I am still searching for the last time I saw the original movie. This movie is worse than "The Lost In Space", which is the worst of all the "space" movies ever made.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First impressions: The first three minutes are absolutely awful, but the last ten minutes of the movie is really interesting.  It is an interesting idea, but unfortunately it's all too late in the movie to make the idea a reality. It seems that it was a good idea, only to lose interest in the story, and then the plot turned into a train wreck.  I'm not sure how to explain this. Maybe it's because the movie looks like it was made in the early 90's, when people used to say that they liked "the new wave" of films, where they could just have fun without doing anything at all. Maybe that was the movie's appeal, but after the first ten minutes or so, the whole movie falls flat. It's all a bunch of characters, actors, and actors who are not that good in real life, so it just comes off as a waste of time. It just doesn't make any sense at all, and that's why the film fails. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of the film is weak, the acting is terrible, the camera angles are bad, and the story line isn't that interesting.  The only interesting thing about this film is the "poster girl" (a.k.a. the most annoying person in the film) and the fact that she was a "porn star" and that she looked like a porn star when she wasn't a porno star. The rest of the cast is completely boring and unappealing. The only redeeming quality of the movie was the director's bizarre attempt at a sex comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be one of the worst in the history of horror films. It was a shame that the original release did not include the original ending. It would have been interesting to see how the original film ended up being the same as the theatrical cut.  In the original, the monster is killed by a giant killer shark, but in the DVD version, it is merely killed by the hero, who is then attacked by the shark, which is still alive. I think it would have made more sense to end the film in a way that still showed the monster's final moments, but would still leave room for the viewer to believe that the shark was still alive and it was just the hero taking on the final moments of his life. In the DVD, the final shot of the shark in the water shows the shark dead, and the hero's body disappears into the water, as the credits roll over the closing credits. I would like to think that this film was the first film ever to try to trick the audience into thinking the monster was still being alive and was still attacking the hero.  This film does not deserve to be released, and I do not recommend that you see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no way this could have been a good movie.  There was nothing interesting or new to say about it. There was only a couple of really annoying plotlines, the main character seemed to have a horrible stalker like obsession, and the movie was over too quickly for anyone to enjoy it. It wasn't even worth watching on DVD.  This movie had a plot which involved a couple having sex with a car. The film made me cringe for the lack of professionalism and direction, and also for the horrible camera angles and the ridiculous dialogue. The movie was awful and should not have been released in theatres. I think the reason why this movie was released in theaters is because it had a great trailer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge fan of horror movies, and I've watched every horror movie ever made. But this one is the worst horror movie I have ever seen. It's so bad it makes me sick. I think it's because it's so predictable and boring.  The movie is so predictable that you get a little bit of excitement for it, but then you realize that it will be ruined by the ending. The acting is awful. The effects are awful. I didn't understand why they even bothered to make it. They did not even try to look like they were doing anything special. It was just a big pile of crap, and that's why I don't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very weak film. It tries to be a little bit funny but it falls flat.  There are some really bad jokes and one or two really funny ones, but there's no sense of what is happening. The plot is really stupid, and there's nothing to the story. There are no real characters that are going to make a difference and it doesn't seem like the script has been done by anyone who knows what they are doing.  The director has probably done a few scenes in his life that he didn't even know about. This film was just too lame to watch, and the acting was just as bad as the writing.  As with the other bad movies I've seen this has a very low budget, and that means it was made by someone who didn't really know what they were doing. The script is bad and the director is just so boring. There's nothing special about it except the fact that it was directed by an idiot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little like the film "Nasty, Dirty, Slutty" about a porn star who has been beaten up by a nasty mob, this film was a big disappointment. I have watched several films in the last few years and this was one of the worst.  The actors seemed to have forgotten how to act and how to use their lines. The story seemed to drag on way too long and the story line seemed to get too convoluted to follow. I had to turn it off.  I saw the movie on a video at a rental house in the Midwest. The sound was horrible and the lighting was horrible. This was not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was completely devoid of content and did nothing for the story, so it was just an excuse for the actors to act out their characters. There were no twists and turns or anything to make the characters interesting or anything interesting to think about.  The only thing that kept me watching was the fact that the actors could play it as an 80s, cheesy, horror movie without it being cringe-worthy. The only good thing about this film was that I'm glad it was at least 10 minutes shorter than the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After all I've read and watched about this film I thought I was in for a treat when I went to see it in the theatre at the Arthurs Hall. I was very disappointed. The acting was not as good as it could have been and I was left with the feeling that there was no point to even watch it. The script is too short, the story too poor and the plot too shallow to have made this film worthwhile. The best I can say is that it shows the dangers of a bad script. But then again, it was made to be so and that is not necessarily a good thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so, so, SO boring. The script is so weak and uninspired that you'll have to sit through it just to get the gist of what is going on. I kept hoping that the camera would get better as the film went on. Nope. The camera kept rolling at a slow pace, and the sound track kept playing on repeat. There are no moments of humor in this film.  The actors are bad, the script is terrible, the plot is completely pointless and uninteresting, and everything looks like it was shot on an extremely low budget. I wouldn't recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was an utter waste of time. This is an awful film that tries to be a horror movie but fails horribly. A bunch of actors, who were obviously not in it for the money, were asked to do a film, but they seemed more interested in looking at their own lives rather than acting.  The only thing that could make it better would be if it was in Spanish, or if it wasn't a horror film. It's just not a horror flick. The only reason I watched this is because it was made by the director of 'Pina' (the movie I just watched), but that's a totally different movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been over a decade since I saw this film, and it's not even the worst thing I've ever seen. The acting is awful, the plot is bad, the script is so bad it's hard to tell what's being said, and the cinematography is bad. It's just not worth seeing.  It was so bad, in fact, I wondered if this was actually made as a low budget, home video release of an earlier version.  That is, until I realized that this was an attempt to cash in on the popularity of the original. I guess it was just a marketing gimmick. I don't really care if you saw this as a video, but I would just suggest that you do not make it the focus of your attention. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it is very hard to have a good time with this movie. You know that it is supposed to be a comedy. So how can it be so terrible? How can it not be funny? Well, I guess that is how the script works. And that is why this movie should not have been made. This movie is just so unbelievable that it really makes you feel like you are watching a movie for no reason.  The acting is terrible, the acting is really bad, the actors are terrible, and the script is bad.  There is a lot of "plot" in this movie, which isn't really plot. It's just a bunch of people acting in a bad way. You have to laugh at the scenes and not the actors.  I really don't understand how anyone could watch this movie and give a positive review about it.  If you like to laugh and not have fun, watch the movie "The Naked Gun". If you want to have fun and be a total idiot, watch "The Dead Zone". If there is one movie you can watch and not enjoy it, I think this is it. But if you want a movie where you don't get to enjoy anything and are just looking for something to laugh about, don't even think about it unless you are a true comedy buff. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been seeing this movie on and off for the last few years, and have finally gotten to the bottom of it. I know it has been a lot of time and I am still not sure why. This is a movie I think just got lost in the shuffle and has no connection to what it should be.  There are some good points, but that is not what the movie is.  The film has no plot, and there are no clues as to what is happening. There are no characters, no story, no direction, and just a whole lot of talking. There is no story that is anything but a mess, and the dialog is just a big bunch of filler and nothing else. The characters are the same old tired stereotypes. There was a point in the movie where there was an apparent attempt to do something new with the characters.   This movie does not look good, nor does it make up for what a terrible movie it is. There isn't even any music. I think that this movie was made for the sake of the DVD and I'm not even sure why, because this movie just looks like the trash it is, and it does not make up any story, or even make sense.  It is a pity that this is such a terrible film, and even more pity that the director, Michael C. Haverstick, was so incompetent that he ended up making this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure who the director was, but it's pretty clear that the movie isn't a good one to watch. The characters are bland and predictable, the story never goes anywhere interesting. There is no point in watching this, except to laugh at the actors.  I gave the movie a 3 because I can laugh at almost everything I see. The problem is that it doesn't have the characters and the story to make it worthwhile. It's a movie to watch if you want to be entertained and not to think about the content. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has one of the worst acting I have ever heard.  The entire movie revolves around a small town that suddenly turns into a zombie apocalypse, only to be saved by a guy with a big truck and a "dance-off". But even with a little thought, I can't imagine what was so fun about it. I'm not sure if this was a B-Movie or just a TV movie. I think it could have been a horror movie, but there's just no way it was scary. If I was going to see a horror film, I would want it to be a B movie, not an action movie. This movie is just the lowest quality B-movie I have seen.  I saw this movie at the B-Movies of San Diego, which is the place to see B- movies, and it was just a bad B- Movie. This could have used some editing. The acting was terrible, and the plot didn't make much sense. It was an average B-film that was made for the B crowd.  It is sad to say that I would never be able to enjoy a movie this low-budget, but I do know that this movie is in the "Zombie Movie" category. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating is one star. I found the acting awful. And that was after the first 10 minutes of the film. I could not get into the film in the time allotted. But, hey, I've seen worse. I can say that with the first 30 minutes of this film, I had a great time. But after the movie, I felt very let down. And, for me, it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was really terrible, but at least it was a low budget one. The whole thing was just awful, from the characters to the way the story was framed. It's about as far as you can get from what I'd expect from a low-budget, B-grade, indie flick. The acting was bad, and the music was terrible. I just don't understand how they managed to make a decent movie in this budget. I think that the producers must have had very low expectations, and I really hope that they don't make another one. I really don't like movies that have to do with a bad car, because it just looks so silly. This movie had everything wrong with it, and it really should have been an indie film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In all honesty, this movie was really bad. It was not funny, it was not moving and it was actually boring. I mean, seriously, what was going on in this movie? We all know that most comedies are funny, but in this one, not even funny. The acting was so bad that I actually thought that they had made the movie in a day. The jokes were too cheesy, the plot was stupid and everything in the movie was very bland. It is really sad that this movie exists.  In the end, this is just a movie that was made in 2 days, and that is just not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a complete waste of time. I'm not sure how many other people saw this but I sure as hell didn't. I don't know if it's just a horrible accident, or if it just goes through a couple more people in the process of making it, but it really did suck. I had to put up with the ridiculous, incomprehensible, and unimpressive plot and characterizations. It was so unnecessary and unbelievable that I thought the whole thing was made up. I just can't believe that people who make movies like this are actually capable of making them. They are completely incapable of making a decent movie. The movie's concept is completely pointless. It's just an endless parade of stupid people getting drunk, having sex, and getting their asses kicked. If I was a movie director, I would make this movie and give it to people to do. It would be one of the dumbest movies ever made. The acting is absolutely horrible. I could give the acting a 10 out of 10, but the acting is what you expect from an 80's romantic comedy. I'd say a 7 out of 8. This movie should have been called "You've Been Drinking Too Much, You're Just Doing It Wrong" or something like that. I think it should have never been made and it should never be made again. It is one of those movies that you can watch and get the point of it, and then just turn it off and ignore it. I can't imagine that anyone who actually made this movie would have made the movie for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had just heard about the bad film when I went to the theater to see it. I didn't really know what was in it. The fact that it was rated R was a shocker. I was expecting something better than this. I watched the film and then quickly realized that it didn't hold up to the standards of a modern movie. It was very cheesy, poorly acted, and didn't make much sense to me. The acting was bad. There were few memorable characters in the film. I found the story too contrived and boring. I thought the music was okay but nothing special. The ending was extremely unsatisfying. I wish I could give it a 1 or 2 rating, but I can't. The movie was so awful I can only rate it as a 1. The story didn't even make sense to anyone but me.  I don't know what made this film, but it seemed like it was made just to make money and then rushed out the door. There was no effort in making the movie seem like it could have been a real film. The idea was to make a "funny" movie, but in fact it seemed to be the opposite. It seemed like there was too much time spent on the "bad movie" aspect and not enough on the movie itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea was really cool but the execution was awful. It was like watching a very poorly made, poorly made version of the original.  There were a few things that worked for it, such as the cool little kids in the background. I mean, come on.  I don't even know what was going on. The plot didn't make any sense, the camera was too close to the characters and it made the whole thing look like a bad remake of "The Goonies." I just wish it would've been a lot better.   The movie itself was so incredibly boring. There was a lot of pointless shots and it felt like they were making it up as they went along.  It was really weird seeing the actors do their own voice over and it just got annoying.  All in all, it was pretty much a waste of time. If I was going to see the movie, I'd wait for the DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was so bad, the plot was so boring and boring, that the movie could have been a lot more entertaining than it actually was. The acting was so awful, it was unbelievable that I actually laughed in this film.  I would have loved to see the movie with some decent acting and better story, but it didn't happen.  As I was watching this film, I kept getting reminded of the movie "Warm Bodies" from the 70s, which was a good movie, but didn't have much in common with this movie.  It's a real shame that this movie was made, because I really thought it was better than it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very, very, VERY, very poor. I've never seen a movie that had such a poor plot, such a bad script, and such a weak plot twist. I have never seen such an amateurish, amateurish movie. There's just no sense of a plot. There is no logic to the story. And the actors are absolutely useless. I mean, I can only speak for myself. But there are some very,very poor movie stars who deserve better.  There is also no reason to waste time watching this movie. It's just like the old "Pitch Perfect" movies. It just has no plot. The acting is very weak, the plot is so, so, very weak. If you want to see a movie with an excellent plot, watch "The Hunger Games". That movie is much better. I don't think anyone would ever see this movie because it just isn't very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be a thriller, but I think it was just a cheap knock-off of a classic horror film, with the script, direction, and the actors changed to make it look more like a cheap action film. It was the only thing in the movie that didn't make sense at all. The acting was awful.  I can't believe the writers of this movie, and I'm sure that it was a joke. I think they probably just made this film so they could make money off it.  All in all, it was awful and I don't recommend it at all, unless you like movies that are just awful. The only good thing I can say about this is that it had some really good lines, which was something I was hoping for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original script was much better. I remember liking the first version a lot more then the sequel. This one isn't really any better, not much better either. Just worse.  I didn't like it either way.  The ending was stupid, and the whole thing felt like a bunch of stuff that got made in a hurry.   The only good part was the music. It was very annoying, and at the end of the movie, I could only wish for something that wasn't so slow.  Oh well, I guess this is the first time I've watched a movie that I didn' know beforehand was crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie on DVD, and it was not the worst thing I've ever seen. It was a waste of time and money. The story is nothing but a bunch of boring and useless people. The acting was not good, the special effects were not very good, and the soundtrack is terrible. If I saw this movie again I would only rent it from a DVD store.  The only thing that kept the movie from being a waste was the ending. It wasn't the worst ending, but it was still not a good ending.  Overall, I give this movie a 1/10. I would not rent this movie if I were to make the same mistake twice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen." - I can only assume what this guy was thinking when he made this flick. This is not even the worst movie I've seen by far, but I can say that it's the worst I've ever seen. The plot was weak, the acting was weak and the acting-wise was very bad, and most of the jokes were very weak. I really don't understand how this flick could get such an awful rating. It was just a bad B-movie made by some unknown guy. The editing was very poor, and the music was just plain bad. There was not even any story line. It is so bad, I'm shocked I've even made a list of movies this bad. This movie is a disaster, and I cannot understand how it got such an abysmal rating. I was expecting a 10 or 9 on a bad film. The only reason this movie got a 9/10 rating is because it has a pretty good special effect.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film where the actors don't act or give the script their all. The film is a mix of so-so dialog, so-badly acted scenes, and so-not-funny gags that the film seems to have been made with a laugh track. A few funny bits here and there, but no sense of the film's mood or the story behind it. The story is predictable, as are the characters' motivations and actions, and it just seems that the writers had no idea what they were making.  If you want a film that has a decent script and a few funny moments, this isn't the film for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is about an adult, who falls in love with a teenage girl, who goes to her parents and her parents tell her to get out. After she returns home, she finds that her parents are not happy, and the whole movie seems to revolve around her.  The movie does have some redeeming features, such as the movie's title and the fact that it is set in New York, but the movie itself is a waste of time, and I would be surprised if it gets any awards. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the early 80s, a small company called "Kraft Brothers" was making a movie in Los Angeles, which was really a series of short films on a theme of "The Adventures of Superman". One day, one of the guys on the set accidentally left the movie running on, and the crew had to start from scratch. This made the crew go back to their trailer to watch the original footage, which included a lot of dialogue and plot.  Well, the original Superman footage was only 30 seconds, but the film was so poorly made that I can't even remember it without seeing it again.  After spending all that time on the original material, the crew decided to use the "Kool-Aid" footage in the sequel. This is probably the only time I've ever seen the phrase "Kryptonite" in a film, but that's a whole other story.  The whole thing is like a cross between "Superman Returns", "The Phantom Menace", and "The Princess Bride", and I'm not even sure if it's "The Empire Strikes Back" or "Superior Donuts".  It's pretty much the worst version of Superman I've seen. Even worse than "The Return of Superman", where Superman was shown in a few different ways (like when he's flying, flying in his kryptonite suit, etc).  It even tries to tie in the events of "Man of Steel" (which I think they really didn't want to do) with the original. It even has a whole line in the credits where one of these characters says, "I know that there are plenty of people who think that Superman has died in the New 52". It's just so poorly done that you'd think that the director would try to hide his mistakes. This movie really only has one redeeming quality. It was supposed to be released as "Man in the Shadows", but it was released as a complete disaster.  This movie should be called "Man In the Shadows: The Bad Superhero Film". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a group of teens and they get into a fight over a video game called "Lance vs. Ace" (which is a really stupid name). The teens are a bunch of idiots who all do stupid things and then they are all killed by Ace and Lance, the game's main character. After a long time Ace comes to life again and then it is about Lance and Ace, they fight again and Lance dies again. But this is only the beginning of the movie because the movie has a horrible ending.  This movie has no plot and the movie is so slow and boring that it makes me angry and even angry that the movie did not have a better ending. The movie was made to sell the video game and I am sure the movie makers did not do a good job of it.  If you want to see a movie where a group gets killed then you should look at "Lights Out", a movie that has a better and more entertaining ending. "Lances vs. Aces" is not even a bad film. It was just so bad that you don't even want to watch it anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is absolutely trash and a waste of time. I'm guessing this is one of the worst low budget horror films ever made. I have never seen this film in a theater. The film opens with a guy running out of the woods. The guy in the foreground is killed and the person who killed him gets killed by the main character. The next scene is a guy riding a horse through the woods and he is killed by a bunch of guys.  The movie tries to be cute with a few scenes in the woods where the guy is riding a bike, running and then the guy gets killed. I can't believe that they even tried to do this because it was so lame.  This movie is so bad that I almost felt bad for wasting my time watching it.  In the end it was just boring. The actors did not do a good job and neither did the actors who directed it. I could have sworn that they were at least doing their best at this point in the movie, but there was no way they were going to pull it off. I am glad that I did not waste my time on this. I would have felt even worse if I had seen this in a theatre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a nutshell, it's a pretty average action movie with a plot that is too predictable, with no real twists, no real characters, and nothing really worth talking about.  The only saving grace in this is that it stars a couple of fairly good actors (Tommy Chong and David Caruso), so it may have a small positive effect on the average action film fan. But otherwise, this movie is a complete waste of time and money. It's just a bunch of guys getting into each other's faces.   The problem is, this is a typical action movie from the 1980's, and so it has a lot of action scenes that have no relevance to the plot at all. There are no twists in this movie, there are no plot twists in the plot, and there are really only two plot twists. That is the only two twists I can think of.  This movie is so predictable that you just don't care what happens to the characters because they will always be the same. I'm just guessing here, but I think it was all just a bit too much.  So what was the point of this movie? It was an attempt to be a classic action movie, but it just isn't. It just isn`t. It has nothing going for it. If you are a fan of the 80's action movies, go see something else. If that's the only thing you're interested in, then by all means see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the first two trailers for this film and was so convinced it would be an enjoyable ride, until the third trailer made the whole thing completely worthless. There was no plot or reason for anyone to care about the characters in this film.  It was just a bunch of people having sex and having sex with each other and that's all there was to the film. No real plot, no plot. No reason to care. It was boring. The only redeeming factor was that the movie had a very catchy title (the only redeemable part of this film), so I was able to overlook the rest of it.  I gave it an average rating of 2/10. It just wasn't worth my time and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. It wasn't even worth my attention. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so stupid and poorly written that I actually wanted to laugh out loud. I found myself watching it again and again just to see how long I could stay awake. The actors were so awful that you could easily write a negative synopsis for this film: the acting was so bad that the plot wasn't even the focus of the film. I could care less about the plot, I just wanted to see what happened to the actors. I couldn't even care about the acting, it was so awful!  I mean, I don't even know what the plot was about, but it wasn't the main thing. If you're going to make a movie about a guy who gets shot by a sniper while he's on his way to the hospital, you can't have one bad movie.  I just found it so incredibly boring, so I gave up after two or three minutes.   There was a reason this movie was such a bad film, and that reason was the writing. I'm really amazed that a movie was made out of this crap, and I'll tell you why: they thought it would be funny.  There were so many mistakes in this movie. They could have easily put a lot more thought into the movie. The script was so terrible that I just assumed the actors were trying to make the movie look better. I didn't see them trying to get the movie to look good at all. They were just trying to pull a fast draw cartoon. I just gave up on this movie after seeing how stupid it was.  If you want to watch a movie that's not so bad, watch this movie, just don't waste your time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A documentary about the death of a family of four children is so far not a bad film, but when it's about to come out, the only thing I can say is that it's really a shame. The documentary is so devoid of the basic storytelling techniques used in all documentaries. The camera, the sound, the editing and the directing all seem to be totally random. The only thing that comes close to this is the documentary "Tomb Raider" that was made in the early 90s and has one of the best opening sequences in a film. However, this one seems to be about the family of a woman who killed herself, and so it's a lot more violent. It's a shame because it's such a good movie, and it would have been an excellent choice for a film on a family who suffered the loss of their only child. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, if you are reading this review and don't like the idea of watching a horror movie in which one has a big, blood-splattered mask, you have to know that I am not a horror-movie fan. This film is so far removed from the standard genre I can only describe it as a cross between a B movie and a horror film. It's so flat, so boring and so lacking in plot and atmosphere that it's no surprise that it gets lower ratings from people who watch horror movies. However, if there's one thing I'm sure you don't want to watch when you are bored at work or bored at home, it's a movie that contains a big chunk of blood. I mean come on. Just get the hell out of the house, put on some music and don a mask. You can't even see yourself? Go ahead. I can't wait to see what happens next. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film at the "Arrivedervers" film festival. It was so bad I had to turn it off the TV. The movie had no meaning at all, and I was actually laughing out loud. I'm guessing the director was under the influence of drugs. There were some scenes where it seemed the actors were in shock, but I'm not sure how they could be so drunk. The script was pretty good, I thought. I guess they just didn't care. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read all the reviews and reviews before I saw this movie. I knew that it was going to be terrible, but I wasn't expecting it to be so horrible. But the story and acting was worse than I can describe. I know it was bad, but that doesn't excuse it. I was really expecting the movie to be better, but it wasn't. It wasn't even decent. The movie was so poorly acted, and the plot was so stupid. You have to be a moron to actually get all the jokes.  My rating is 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was too predictable. I did like the theme of a woman in love, but the movie turned into a joke and a joke. There were some funny bits, but there was no depth of any story or character. I'm sure some people will find it funny and I wish there was more depth to the story. I just think that there was too much time spent on the characters and no time spent explaining what happened. I don't think anyone cared what happened to the characters. It was all too predictable and not really a plot.  It was very short, and the characters were annoying to watch. The movie ended at the point where they had to go to the hotel to leave.  This movie does not deserve an 8 or a 10, it's just an OK movie. I'd say skip it and just watch the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst film I have ever seen in my life. How can the people who made this film not see it as it is - as a film? The movie has absolutely no plot. It has no purpose, no story, no characters, no dialogue, nothing! The only thing that comes close to the plot is the story of a girl who tries to get revenge on the boy she loves. The only characters are a couple of thugs who do not speak.  What the film tries to do is make the audience hate the main character and believe that she is a killer. I am not joking, this film was so badly made I laughed. There is absolutely no excuse for making a film like this. It is so boring it is unbelievable. This film is so full of clichs that it would be funny if it were not for the fact that it was so bad. The best part of the film was when the main heroine is talking to her boyfriend and the film suddenly ends! How can they not think of this as a thriller?  If I was making this film I would make it better, I would have at least some plot, but that would be too much of a risk. This is a horrible piece of garbage that no one should have to watch.   This film made me want to throw my copy of "The Killing Fields" out of my window. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie at least 10 times and it has never made me enjoy it. I just can't understand why it is in the movie-star category and so many other movies are not.  I can't get over how the first act is so slow and how the second act is just boring. I can only guess that they did this to save time and that they wanted to get the audience to the second half of the movie but that's not how it actually turned out. I'm really not sure why the director chose to make this so boring and slow. There's no point in showing that the two main characters were a couple. I mean, that's just so silly. The two main character are supposed to be the only characters in the film and we are supposed, at least, to think that they are boyfriend and girlfriend. They should have married or made some kind of commitment or some other relationship to get more screen time. If the movie was really trying to make us care, then the story should have been better than this. It just has nothing to do with the characters and what they are doing.  In fact, the whole movie is just the worst example of how not to make a movie: 1. The acting was terrible, 2. The editing was really bad, 3. The storyline was completely pointless and it wasn't even believable.   I really can't recommend this movie to anyone. If you are a fan of this movie, please go to another movie. Don't waste your time. Don' t waste your money. If your movie has to be that bad, then that's how it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film in a theater in New York and it was so incredibly embarrassing. It was so hard to watch and so unbelievable that I found myself thinking "Wow, it was all so ridiculous.  It was such a waste of time and so horrible that it made me feel like I was wasting my life on a movie.  I was so angry at the end that I wanted to kill the director and the writer for ruining the film. The film is about a man who becomes obsessed with a TV show that's a total crap show, and he spends the rest of the movie having sex with the characters that are on the show. That's it.  So when the credits roll, you'll realize that I was just wasting my time.  The movie is so unbelievably horrible that you'll want to throw it on the floor and run it over with a car.   The reason I'm writing this review is that the film was nominated for Best Picture. But I really don't know what the criteria for this award are. I mean, I'm guessing that they would have to know the film is so horrible. If they know the movie is that bad, then they're making it for a nomination. If the nomination is for a bad film, then there should be some kind of penalty. I would just like to see them nominated for a Best Picture Award for something else. It's just a waste. I just feel like they should have just given the award to something else, because it's a waste to waste your life on something that was so terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the sequel to the original movie, but the story isn't as original. The movie looks like a video game with a bad script and a horrible sound. I have never played video games and don't understand why this movie was made. I can't understand how anyone in their right mind made this film. The characters have no personality. They are basically robots.  In the original, the characters were much more likable. This movie just lacks a bit of humor. I think the actors should be compensated by the original actors, who deserve their paychecks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a little bit worse than the "Homer" movie, but not quite as bad. However, the plot was weak, the acting was horrible, and the special effects were awful. This movie was actually made for an old Italian television series that never aired on TV, and there's no way to see it on DVD. I just want to know how the original series was made! It's not a terrible movie, it's just bad, but it's certainly not the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie about an Indian woman (played by Anjum Giri) trying to find love and understanding in the city of Mumbai, the movie's only redeeming quality is its stunning soundtrack. But that's all it has. It is a horribly executed attempt at portraying a character that never exists.  This is the second time that Giri has appeared in a movie where she's not even allowed to be in the movie, the first time was when she was cast in the romantic comedy "Ganga Din".  If anyone wants to know why the actors who play the love interest's in this movie don't have a great deal of character depth, that would be the time to find out. The movie just lacks the proper chemistry to make up for the fact that it is only there to sell tickets.  It is absolutely awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not the kind of movie that I want to watch and think I'll enjoy it. I want something with a bit more substance. I found this movie a bit like a really old, badly acted version of the movie "A Very Funny Thing Happened on the Moon". I really wanted to laugh and then I saw the guy saying "it's just a joke" and that didn't sit well with me. I think that the director has a problem with actors' sense of humour. The actors' reactions are not believable and are not funny in a funny way. There is absolutely no humor in the movie.  The only reason I saw it was because I was going to see a movie that looked like "The Rocky Horror Picture". I can't really understand why people watch movies like that.   The movie has an obvious script, which isn't funny at all.  A very, very, not funny movie. Not even the director's name will make this movie funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Hangar 23", is the story of a cargo ship which has a lot of problems, and it's a really bad movie. For one thing, it's not funny. For another thing, there's a very, very long and boring script. Also, the character of "Mr. T" doesn't even have a real character at all! It's just a bunch of actors that have a lot more talent than anyone else.  So, why was it so terrible? Well, for starters, it was way too long. In fact, it didn't even end up lasting for more than ten minutes.  The plot, in the beginning, is a bit dull. But as the story goes on, it gets really predictable. It was also really boring to see the same actor repeatedly doing the same part over and over. It just seemed that they couldn't think of anything else to do with the characters. And finally, the movie had a lot less humor than most other "bad" movies I've seen.  It was just a very uninteresting movie. There were no real laughs.  I just felt like it was just boring to watch, and not in a good way. And, by the way, this movie is very, VERY slow. You won't laugh even once during a 10 minute movie, unless you're in the middle of a battle! It also seems to have a very low score on IMDb, too.  And finally... the plot. It's pretty much useless. There was no story line at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. This film is a collection of garbage. There are no decent actors in this movie and no plot. I cannot believe that the director had a hard time making a movie with a boring story and actors. I really thought that the actors would have been more talented than that. I would have liked to see the plot of this movie, as I am a fan of the series. If you like the series then watch the series, otherwise don't waste your time.  The only good thing about this movie is that it is so incredibly lame that you can actually laugh at it. I can't believe that this movie was made for this low budget. I don't know why people made a movie called "Tron" or why they gave a bad acting credit to the movie, but I hope that someone is punished for making such a horrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a fan of all movies made by Chris Naylor, but when watching this one, I felt like watching a low budget version of a horror film. The film is about a killer with supernatural powers and he kills people because they are afraid of his power. All the characters look alike, the film never gets any tension and is boring. The acting is OK, but it's not that great. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, unless they have the stomach for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is really quite predictable and there is not much to do. The actors are OK, but it is not very entertaining. This is why it has been rated so low. The first half of the movie is all about a man named John McLeod (played by Paul McSorley) and his relationship with his ex-wife and their child, which leads to a very predictable climax and then there's no real development.  If you are really interested in a movie, do not bother. The story is not really worth the time and it really seems that they are just making a lot of money out of it. The only good thing about it was that it was filmed in Wales and it's not all that far removed from Wales. If you want a movie with a plot that makes no sense and you don't care about the acting, do without. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible film. The acting is awful, the writing is stupid, and the premise is utterly stupid. You don't have to be a genius to figure out that there is a reason why nobody else can make this film.  It's an interesting premise for an 80's action film that never actually happens. This is the first film I have ever seen that actually contains a "he's got a bad feeling about it" line. The first line is a little too ridiculous to believe. The other line is just plain stupid.  The acting also seems very uninspired. I am pretty sure that nobody involved in this film knew how to act in any way, and it shows. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen.  The acting is terrible. The story is not very good either. The director and actors have no talent. The movie doesn't have much of a plot either.  If you want a story with interesting characters and not a lot of sex, then this movie is a great idea. But the story line is not that interesting.  I'm giving this movie 2 out of 10 because I want to give the movie a 10, and that's a hard number to do. I give it 1 out of a 10 because it's the first movie I have seen that has such a bad acting performance. I'm going to give it a 1 out a 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst I've ever seen. It is so bad it made me feel like I was watching a 10 year old girl who watched it and didn't like it. The acting was awful and the script was completely incoherent. The only reason I am giving it 3 stars is because the music was good and the acting was OK.  There was nothing at all redeeming about the movie other than its music. It wasn't even good enough to be a soundtrack for a bad film. If you're looking for a movie that isn't terrible, don't waste your time watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was so much potential in this movie, but it was all lost in a haze of mediocre acting, awful directing, and a complete lack of direction.  If you want to see a poorly acted, poorly directed, and poorly acted movie, watch this movie instead of the "Boys Don't Cry" remake. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is just plain lame. The acting is terrible, and the script is really bad, but the idea of the movie is good enough to have a few laughs. I wish I could say that it was a good movie, but it's just awful. You get the idea. The movie's plot is a complete waste of time and doesn't make sense. The characters are completely stereotypical.  Overall, I think this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. If you want a low budget comedy, this isn't the movie for you. If, however, you want to see a comedy that just isn't that good, look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the early 90's, there were a lot of horror films with a really low budget.  This is one of the lowest budget movies I've seen, with some of the worst effects ever.  There are some really disturbing scenes, but it's hard to believe that the studio would be willing to do this. There is one scene in particular where the killer is seen stabbing the victims in a motel room. You can see blood coming from his hands and one of them dies.  I was expecting this movie to be more scary than it was. I really felt that they could have done something better with the script. It's just too damn slow and it's just not scary enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've read that the director wanted to make a horror film for children. I think I've got the movie for you. I know the director was hoping for a positive review from me.  A big problem with this movie is that the story is totally disconnected from reality. Some of the scenes feel so far off the mark that it feels like they were made in a bad version of the original script. It's a shame because the characters were OK in the original. However, I would have thought that the directors would have been better able to do better if they had not taken their original script to the extreme. The actors' voices didn't work, and the music didn't really fit in with the scenes. The effects were OK, but not good enough to justify the movie.  The movie's atmosphere is quite creepy. There are scenes where you can just hear the actors' breaths. I didn't feel that this movie would have any effect on me. I felt the story wasn't believable. I just felt like the whole thing was made up.  It was a pity that this film was made so late. It was quite disappointing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just an extremely lame attempt at being funny. The only reason why I made it to this point in the review is because of the ridiculous amount of unnecessary plot and story elements, and the sheer lack of a proper climax. And if I had to give a negative rating, I'd say it is a 10. It is not a very funny film and neither is it a very interesting film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is probably one of the worst movies ever made. Its not funny at all, its not even believable that this could be the worst movie ever made and it just makes the rest of the awful films that I've seen even worse.  Its so bad I actually thought it was actually funny at one point.  It is just as bad as the previous two movies I've watched (the other being "A Good Death". That film was much better than this one).  It was so bad that I laughed so hard I almost had a heart attack. Its so awful that it even made me think that the entire film was made to make fun of people who like to watch this kind of film.  The movie even makes fun of itself in a few scenes by having the main character talk about how much fun it is to kill people. I'm pretty sure that there is no reason to do that.  This movie is so awful, it's just awful. It's just not even worth watching. Its awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was really bad.  This has nothing to do with "The Rocky Horror Picture", which was an incredible film. The movie was simply bad. I think it was made for a video game.  I can't believe that this was made in the '80s. I was there when this movie came out and was horrified by it. If anyone wants to see this film, don't. I can understand why people make fun of it. They do it for laughs. But if you are in the mood for a Rocky Horror movie, please don't watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been a huge fan of this movie, but after seeing it I can't stand it anymore. The movie has a few scenes that are very cheesy, and the rest are quite boring. The acting is terrible, and it's not the director's fault. If you have to see it, you're probably going to hate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good story doesn't need to be bad, but this movie has the most embarrassing story line in the history of the world. The story is about a small town of people who want to see the world, and one of them, a very creepy person, gets involved with the wrong person. The whole movie is about that person. I think it's a really lame attempt to have a story and then put a very silly face on it. It's so embarrassing to watch the guy trying to seduce this woman, and the woman trying to get away from him. The director, John K. Johnson, is a really mediocre director who tries too hard to put his own personality on the film. It really gets boring after about the third time. I can't believe it's actually a real movie. It just looks like a low budget porno. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe I wasted three hours of my life watching this. I got to see it twice and I didn't care for it at all. I had to read reviews before I could even begin to consider it. I'm going to have to warn anyone who sees this that it's not for everyone. It is extremely dull, and is very predictable. You will probably get a few laughs if you ignore the story line. But don't expect a funny movie. It's only a couple of minutes of comedy, and only in the middle of the movie. And even though it's a B movie, it's so far removed from anything that should be a B Movie, and just completely lame. The acting is terrible, the directing is awful, and it's just plain boring.  It's a waste of your time and yours. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is simply awful, it's not funny, it doesn't have a real plot, and it's just plain awful. The only saving grace for the movie is the great soundtrack, which you can't really argue with because it's pretty terrible. It's not even worth watching. The acting is atrocious, the story is so stupid, and the editing is awful. It makes me question why people even bother to make movies anymore. There's no way this could have ever been made, and yet it was. It is a complete waste of time and money. This is a sad and sad movie, but it's worth watching because it has a great soundtrack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe how much fun was wasted on this film. I watched it twice and I found it both boring and unbelievable. The only thing that makes it worth watching is that it's so long, but so unoriginal.  The plot is nothing but a bunch of boring one-liners. There is no real plot or character development, only just the usual scenes of people talking, having sex and being silly.  In fact, it is so boring and so predictable that it could have been a documentary about a real estate scam!  There is one redeeming feature, however, which is that there is one person who is a great actor in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not the biggest fan of the film but i was looking forward to seeing this movie for the first time.  I was expecting something decent with a good plot, and this movie was nowhere near it. There was no plot, only a lot of scenes that were not interesting or exciting. The characters were so unlikable that you felt sorry for them even though they were supposed to be so well-loved and well-played. The acting was terrible, the direction was poor, the cinematography was poor and the sound was poor. I give this movie 3 out of 10.  This movie has nothing to recommend it but if you want to see a bad film, this is the one. I think I would rather watch a bad TV show than watch this movie, it is so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a guy getting a haircut and asking his friend to come over. He starts seeing how many girls there are, how he can go to the bathroom and take care of the girls and then decides to take a shower. When he tries to get naked, the girls see him naked, and they think it's all his fault because he doesn't shave his chest. They laugh at him, and when he leaves the house, they go into the garage and start taking pictures of him.  He ends up in the pool, and he goes into the water and comes out with his hand up. One of the girl's goes in the water, and then he falls in, and the girl is killed. The other girl starts to cry, and one of the guys starts laughing at her. The movie is over, and we never get to see any more of the movie. I saw this movie once in a video store in New York. It is so poorly made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an example of how a movie can go completely downhill from a beginning to a middle and the end.  The idea behind this movie is not well thought out at all. It is supposed to be an exploration of a young girl, but it ends up more like a thriller rather than a film. The story is a mess. The only thing that keeps me from giving this movie an 8 is the acting. The characters don't really connect with each other.  I would highly recommend not watching this movie if you are not a fan of horror or suspense. If you want a horror movie, just go for it. If not, just stay away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad. The acting is terrible. The story, as stated in the synopsis, was actually made to look like an hour long episode of "The Walking Dead" (as if it wasn't bad enough already). The special effects look like they were done in a low budget with no budget at all. The sound effects are awful, especially for the first 30 minutes. The music is terrible, especially the background music. The only saving grace is the acting, but even then, you can tell the script was made to give the actors a bad time.  The ending is particularly poor, as the actors and actresses seem to have done a total of about 10 minutes of research into what they were supposed to be saying.  It's really not worth your time to see this movie. I wouldn't recommend it unless you want to see a horrible piece of trash like "The Vampire Diaries", or if you want something to see in theaters. Otherwise, I'd recommend a good documentary like "Rotten Tomatoes" or "The Simpsons". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to sit through this movie in one of the last few weeks before the first of this summer's "Frozen" films comes out, and I was disappointed. This movie had the makings of an interesting "Festival" film, but in the end it just seemed so far removed from anything that makes up the movies that I can really see why people were excited for this movie.  The film opens with an over the top, overly staged music video featuring the usual suspects and the usual cliches.  One thing that I liked was that they tried to have some "creative" elements to the video, but failed spectacularly.  Then we have the opening credits, which is about 30 seconds of nocturnal footage of a group of teenagers singing and dancing. This is supposed to be a film about the "Snow Queen", and they are at the top of a mountain, but they can't stay there for very long because the mountain is melting. They are forced to find a place to hide out in the middle of the forest. After that, they are pretty much done.  In one of my favorite scenes, the young girl with the giant rabbit doll says that her family's life was destroyed, and that her father is dead, and so she must start again. Her mother then tries to convince the girl that she can save her family, and she tells the girl she is going to be the new queen of the kingdom. Her father, the king, is very angry that he was never consulted about the marriage, and tells her that she must marry the prince. But he doesn't actually give her the prince's name.  Her father's death is so traumatic that she begins to lose her sanity and begins to wander around the forest, and then she begins singing and playing her own violin in a rock concert. She is so out of control that her own father's music begins to make the orchestra and audience realize that she is insane. After this scene, she disappears from the forest and the audience is shocked. It's not until later that we learn that the young woman was a witch.  She is also captured by her mother and is put in a witch-holding prison. She begins to think that she killed her father, but this is revealed later that she wasn't a witch and that she's actually insane.  As the credits roll, we find out that her mother is a witch too, and we learn more about the castle and the Snow Queen.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was the lowest rated movie in the history of the cinema. No plot, no story, no characters, no dialog, just a few lines from the actor talking about the movie.  What a waste of my time. The only redeeming quality was the story, which was about a man who kills his girlfriend in an apartment. I thought it was pretty good, but I was not a fan of the actor. I am not sure if he has any talent or not.   If you are in need of something to entertain your friends, and that's all you can do, look for a low budget horror movie. I would rather see something with a plot that isn't so unbelievable as this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the original Star Trek movie, the first two movies of Star Trek III were a bit of a letdown for the series.  The third movie, though, wasn't much better. I've watched all three movies, and while there are some decent bits in the third movie (Barely any), the third installment in the franchise simply isn't that entertaining. The acting is bad, the special effects are laughable, and the plot is so completely incoherent that it makes you wonder why anyone ever bothered making the movie.  This is hardly the worst of the Star Trek movies, but it's an awful film to waste time on. I mean, just look at the title! How could anybody be so stupid? This film has to be the worst movie Star Trek has ever made, period!  So, if you're looking to see this film, you better make sure you get the DVD version, because this is definitely one of the worst DVD titles ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is so bad it's funny. But the acting is awful. I can't understand why anyone would want to watch this. If you don't like cheesy, poorly directed, overacted, and poorly acted movies like this, then don't watch this, don't waste your time.  The story is so poorly told it's barely worth discussing. It's not just the acting that's bad, it's the plot, the direction, the editing, and everything else. If this was the director's first feature-length film, I would've given it a 0. This is a 1/10 on the scale for a B movie.  I'm not kidding when I say this is one of the worst B-movie I've ever seen. If your first feature is a B-grade, you should feel ashamed. I give this 4 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this was a waste of time. I really wish I could see this film. It was very poorly acted. The plot is not even remotely believable. The only time I felt anything positive was when the guy got to go to the club and I thought, "Hey! That's me!" The acting was horrible. I was disgusted by it. And I'm not a big fan of the "Couples" genre. I'd rather see a really bad horror movie than a "Couple's" movie.  And to think, I really liked "Foster's" one-shot. This film is the most boring movie I've seen in the last 10 years.  I'm a real movie snob and I don't think it's possible for a movie to be boring.  This is the reason I think movies are made like they are. The "Cousins" movies and the "Bachelors" movies are great! But they do not have the same level of mediocrity. I can't believe that anyone in their right mind would have a problem with that. If you have any sort of problem with the "cousins," feel free to stop reading now. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had so many problems that it's not even funny to mention them all, the actors were terrible, the story line was stupid, the script was boring, and the acting was poor, to name a few. The only redeeming aspect of the movie is that the movie was in color, and I'm sure it's a rare thing to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for an entertaining adventure, try a good action flick instead of this one. There's a good story here, but the writing, acting and cinematography are all below the norm. I didn't even care to know what happened to the people in the movie. It seemed like a mere excuse for a fun ride in the end.  I didn'T think it was even remotely worth watching.  The worst part of it is the soundtrack. This is an adult film with some songs and the whole thing is just so over the top. The soundtrack is just too awful.   A few more good movies: 'Escape from the Matrix', 'The Last Samurai', 'Man on Fire' etc... I guess you can't have it all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst in the history of movies. This is the worst and worst movie I have ever seen. There is not a single good moment in this movie, everything in it was awful. You see the character's personality, you see the plot, you don't care. There was not a reason to watch this movie. I cannot believe it was so low budget that they could have used the name of the movie in the credits. The movie was not that great, but it's the first time I saw a movie without a trailer in the beginning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the name of God and my country, I am disgusted with the movie.  The plot is a total disaster. The only thing that keeps the movie from being totally boring is the acting. This is not an A-rated film, but it is the worst film I have ever seen. I did not laugh once. I could not stand the fact that I had to sit through this.  It is just a disgrace to the actors and filmmakers that this is even being made. It is a waste of everyone's time. I hope this movie is never made again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like James Cagney, but this movie makes him look like a clown. A clown in the late 30s is just not what a director needs. The director should have left this movie alone. A film about a clown who is a killer and a drug addict is more believable than a film about the clown who just wants to make a few bucks. This film is just a cheap, tacky, low-budget horror movie.  This movie is probably the worst thing I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see a film about the "good guys" (read: "American Sniper") and a film where the "bad guys" are all evil (read:- "Hannibal") then go to "The Silence Of The Lambs".  But if you want an action film where you get no plot (read-"Guns, Guns, Guns" - "Dawn Of The Dead") and you don't care if the character you love dies or lives (read:"The Silence of the Lambs") then read "The Last Samurai". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. I hate this type of movies. It's as if they were made by a bunch of guys who think that they made a masterpiece and the only way to fix the problem was to add in a bunch more scenes of naked women. This movie does nothing for the story. I feel like I was just a victim in a sex-addiction movie. It is absolutely pointless and the acting is absolutely horrible. It made me think I was watching a porno.  I don't know why anyone would want to watch this movie. If you can, go watch "Pleasure" or "I'm Gonna Sniff Some Booze".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, the lead characters have a very strange habit of using a very odd set of facial expressions for no reason. They're either totally out of sync with each other, or completely out of character for no apparent reason whatsoever.  I guess it would be a really good movie if it wasn't for the acting. There's really no reason for anyone in the movie to have the facial expressions they do. They look like someone who'd never had their eyes examined before, or maybe a young actor who's never been asked to wear a big, heavy face mask for any reason. If you want a movie that's interesting and not an insult to anyone's intelligence, you'll probably find something better to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was supposed to be a spoof of the movie "Jail Break", but this movie has nothing to do with the original movie. The acting is terrible. The movie is so poorly made that the movie could have been made in 8 minutes. The plot is so shallow that it's laughable. I would rather see a bad TV show.  The story line has no meaning or logic. It's just one long "Jokes". The acting was awful. The actors were so annoying and it was so annoying that they just gave up. I didn't understand the point of the story line.  This is a waste of time and time alone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this film is very dull. It's like watching an episode of the show "Cheers". They all seem to be playing it off as if it were a sitcom rather than a movie. I was expecting something that could be fun and funny. I've seen more than my share of movies, but this was the first time I felt the filmmakers didn't know what they were doing. It really seemed like they were just making a list of things they could do. I have never been a huge fan of horror films, but I'm guessing they could have done better with the story and directing. I can't believe they wasted the time in such a way. I really don't understand the reasoning behind the title "Dude". It's a joke to everyone else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad remake of the "The Crow" movie, complete with a cast of completely unknown actors, a lame soundtrack, and the original's killer premise of a mysterious, evil killer who kills people on the basis of their choice of the crow as a symbol.  In a world that has gone insane due to a disease that has been spreading through the city of Chicago, the movie begins with the protagonist, a young man who was bitten by the crow, and begins to reveal the truth about the virus. Unfortunately, he's not alone, and soon the rest of the cast members are involved in the virus's murder. In an effort to get the film's title and the "Crow" movie out of the way, the director decides to re-edit the original to make it seem more like an "E.T." or "Scream" movie. That doesn't make it any less awful.  The movie is just a disaster. Even worse than "The Conjuring" is how the movie is so slow and boring that you'll never sit through it again. The special effects are okay, but the CGI in general is terrible. The whole thing is a total mess and is only worth watching for the sake of the story.  It's like the director tried to do too much, and that's the most unfortunate thing about this movie.  I recommend you watch the original instead of this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film on cable, and it seemed like a decent enough comedy. But it was the last time I saw the title before it was taken off. Now the DVD has it, and I will not be buying it.  The plot is so terrible, that even the DVD is so bad that I will probably laugh about it at the expense of some poor souls that watched it. It's one of the most shallow comedies I've seen. I'm really disappointed to say that it was in this film.  This film should have been shelved for being awful. I was hoping for a decent film with some comedic flair, and this film falls flat. This movie is an embarrassment of a waste of time, and should be thrown into the trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My opinion on this film is quite simple, if you can't do a little research and find out what was actually in the film before watching it you'll be a lot less likely to get a good movie out of it. If you do, then you're going to get to watch a lot of boring stuff and it'll be your fault. It isn't even worth the effort to see the whole thing and then come up with your own conclusion. If the film has one redeeming factor it's the fact that it was released as a special edition DVD but still contains the complete film. This means you'll have to pay extra money for the extra stuff and if you're willing to do that then maybe it's worth a look. Otherwise you'll just have to deal with watching a bunch of bad jokes and you'll probably just think it's a good documentary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know this isn't the first time I've seen this movie, but I was looking forward to this one.  The opening scene was interesting. It was a nice little bit of animation, but the rest of the film was a waste of time.  After the opening credits, the movie moved along with a few scenes. The rest of this movie was a total waste of my time. It just seemed to be a rush to get to the ending, and not enough time to find out why the ending is a waste.  There was one scene that was good. The movie was supposed to end with a scene where the two main characters are in a car going through the woods. However, when the movie was over the scene did not seem to end. The scene was supposed not to end and then it ended, but it didn't. Instead it ended the scene where they were driving and they were going through this forest.  Also, the ending wasn't very predictable. I didn't think that it was going to be like this and I thought it would be like "The End", but it wasn't. I think the movie just had a really bad script.  I'm really disappointed that this movie made it's way onto DVD. It's just a bad way to waste time on DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the movie multiple times, and each time I was left disappointed. First, the plot is extremely contrived. The movie starts with a man with a big gun, who is shot in the back of the head by another character. The plot is only saved by the man having a wife and two daughters. In the second half of the movie the movie tries to explain a character's obsession with guns and kills a lot of people with guns (mostly women) and kills the man's wife with a gun (and it is a good movie to have to kill your wife with). The movie does have some action scenes, but there are so many other problems in the movie that it is not worth watching. There are a few great scenes in the film, but they are ruined by the characters being completely oblivious to their surroundings.  My rating is a 2/10, and I would only give it a 1/10 if I were to give it 10. I give it an 0 because it is so stupid. The ending is not even worth mentioning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has been made in the late 1970's by a director named Robert Zemeckis, and it is not a good film at all. I did not like it at all at all, and I did like it when it was first made. But I have to admit that I was surprised to find it now. I was expecting a better movie than this, and the only thing that is even slightly redeeming is the opening scene. I have never seen an opening scene like this in a film, ever. I suppose it is supposed to be an opening line, but it just doesn't work. It should be an actual line from a movie. That's how it works, people. I am not saying this because I was a big fan of Zemecko's movies, but because I have always been annoyed by this kind of opening scene in films. The first part of the movie is not good at all (I think that was the most disappointing thing in the movie). There is a little bit of humour, but the rest of the film is a complete mess. I would like to have given it a 2, but even with the 2 I wouldn't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was very poorly acted. I was really hoping that it would be a decent film. I guess they weren't. I mean it is better than the movies where the actors are not as bad as they are here.  But still, I can't understand why they did this movie. It looks like it was made in the dark ages of the 90's, and is probably the worst movie ever made. It is like they decided that this movie would only be a film if the characters acted like idiots and acted like a bunch of idiots.  This movie is about as far from the original Harry Potter movies as you can get. There are scenes where Harry is a bit more intelligent than Draco. This is a very bad movie. I don't understand how they got this idea. They made the characters into idiots. This was just another example of how horrible the "Harry Potter" movies are.  I give it 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got the movie in a VHS tape. It's awful. The movie has been edited so much it's unbelievable how it can be so awful. I mean, even the first few minutes of the film, which was about 30 minutes in the VHS version, were great! The acting was so bad that I didn't even think I was watching the movie.  There was a few moments when the acting was OK, but then it got so bad it was unbearable. I would like to see the entire movie without any editing. The editing is so bad you'll get the feeling you are watching the video clip, but when you watch the clip it's just another video clip. There's no story, no suspense, nothing. I don't even know what they were trying to accomplish. The ending just makes no sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins with an opening scene where an angry man (Michael Ironside) rants to a police officer about the "curse of darkness" and how he had to put the curse on the world. The film is so awful that I would recommend not even watching the opening scene.  The only reason that I gave this film 2/10 is because it actually contained some decent plot. Unfortunately, it was ruined by the script, direction and acting.  If you are a horror fan, you will probably find yourself disappointed in the movie. If you don't like horror, you probably won't like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the story line of this movie was interesting and a bit twisted. However, the movie just didn't have enough heart or soul to make me care for it at all. The cast was just so lackluster that the film just didn. I felt there were two main characters in the movie, and I don't know how they were supposed to interact with each other without each other. I had a hard time remembering who was in control and who was being controlled. It seemed like this movie didn't even have any sense of direction. It really seemed like the writers had no idea what they were trying to make. The acting was also so weak that I was left wondering what happened to my favorite actors. I thought this movie had a bad script and was really disappointed to see the filmmakers get away with this.   If you want a good movie with a good script, go see a movie by Peter Bogdanovich. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film where they didn't even get to the most important part of the story, the part that would have made the movie better. The only story line in this film is the relationship between the characters and the evil doctor who is torturing them. The doctor has a history of kidnapping people for experimentation and torture, and he has kidnapped some of the people in this movie and forced them to undergo what they have to endure. Unfortunately, the doctor does not do this for any kind of money, but simply because he is in a bad mood, and is suffering from a personality disorder. The character who is captured in the film is a young man who is a bit older than the doctor, and has been taken hostage by the doctor. When the doctor finds out that the captive is a little boy, he decides to kill the boy because he wants to get back at the doctor for having him kidnapped. The scene in which the doctor tortures the boy is a complete disaster, and I would not recommend this film to anyone. It is very dull, and very disappointing to watch a movie where there is no plot or character development at all. I would rate this film as just below the worst film I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so incredibly bad. It wasn't funny, it wasn't even entertaining, it was just flat, boring and uninteresting. The story was a complete waste of time and could have been taken out and thrown out, or at least a few jokes or lines would have been funny. I'm not sure why they even bothered trying to make this film. There were several moments that made me cringe. It just wasn't worth it. This film should have never been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are only 3 things you need to watch in a movie: A) a girl in a bathtub B) a guy in a wheelchair (not the wheelchair) C) a bunch of girls dancing (that's all). In this movie, there are only 2 things worth watching: 1) a chick in a bikini (that wasn't a bikini, it was just a bikini top) 2) a dude in a mask (that was just the mask on his face) 3) a giant ball of string (that actually wasn't string, it's a rubber band, but you'll get it anyway.) I give this movie 4 out of 10, and I hate that this movie was made. It was terrible, and that's why I think I'm not allowed to watch other movies with the same names. But hey, if you really love this movie and want to know why I hate it so much, you can look it up online, and read the comments. The movie isn't worth 10 out of 1000. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has so many problems. It's boring. The ending sucks. The cast sucks. It takes way too long to get to the point. And the movie was so badly written. I give it a 3. It would have been much better if the director had been better at writing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had the most embarrassing title of all time. It's an action movie that was made for TV in 1983 and was made with an editing style that looks like it was made by an eighth grader. Some of the scenes had no sound at all, and were probably edited out due to the lack of sound, and they looked awful. I don't know if the producers even had the movie in mind, or if they just assumed that people wouldn't know what they were doing. I can't believe this is a director's first film, or that he would be working in this fashion for movies in the future. I would be so happy if he went back to his day job. If I were a betting man, I would say that this movie made around 20 million dollars, and I would bet that if this movie was made today it would have been made into an even worse movie. This movie made a lot of money for the producers, but the story and the actors sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the synopsis and the review of this movie and I thought it was an okay idea. It didn't even make me want to go to see it! This movie is nothing but a bunch of people getting together and trying to put a bad film together. The plot, the direction, the acting, the cinematography, the editing, and even the title are all pretty much worthless. I can't even begin to describe how ridiculous the acting is.  The only positive I can say about this movie is that it is entertaining, but in the end it is just so...boring. I would rather watch a movie where people are having fun, or are having a good time, than watch something that's so boring.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the most unappealing, boring movie I've seen in years.  If you like fast-paced, action-packed movies where you don't know who the main characters are (and don't care about their deaths), you might enjoy this film. If you don a bit more discretion, however, the film will probably be disappointing. The characters are flat, uninteresting and, worst of all, have no discernible motivation.  The plot, which is predictable from beginning to end, is even worse than the characters. The plot is about a mysterious group of terrorists who kill their targets in an attempt to gain revenge for the murder of their leader. This is so predictable that I didn't care what happened to the characters' lives. It's a lot like a bad soap opera.  My only hope was that this film was released in DVD format and the DVD contains subtitles (I know some DVDs don't). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing about this movie that makes you want to give it a try. It's so flat, it's so boring, and the ending just doesn't make sense. I could have done with some more character development and some sort of emotional connection with the characters. There's no reason to care about them after all.  I'm not sure how I can even explain why the film was so bad. I guess it's because it's a movie that has no meaning at all. It was as if the writers were bored and gave up after a couple of hours. There are a few bits of humour that come across, but the rest of the film is just a pile of empty words and a bad ending. The only reason I could give this film a chance is that it was the only thing that kept me interested. I'll admit that I got bored after about ten minutes, and even though it didn't really have much in the way of characters or plot, it still felt interesting.  This movie is just an embarrassment of bad movies. I was really looking forward to seeing what I thought was going to be a good comedy, and I had no idea what I was getting myself into. I'm sorry, but it just didn't work for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie's premise of a group of "slacker" kids in a small Ohio town, who get into a bunch of pranks and ends up becoming friends with the local gang of "bad kids" was not a great premise for a movie.  There is no point in having "slackers" and "bad" kids at all, because a) they can't get along and b) they're not the heroes.  The story and the actors didn't really add up either. The acting was so bad that even if you're an expert at making people look bad you won't have the slightest interest in seeing this movie, since it's so poorly made. The story was not believable and the movie didn't make the characters and situations believable enough for a decent movie. It was like a bunch people had to come together for a big prank and each person did his own thing, but it all fell apart by the end. The jokes were too corny to be funny and the jokes that were supposed to be a bit too clever to be serious. I really don't know what I was expecting, because the movie had a lot of potential, but failed to deliver anything but bad jokes.  A movie like this should have been at least 10 to 12 minutes long.  This movie was at least two hours long, but in my opinion it wasn't even 3 hours. The characters had to act so quickly and were so stupid that it was impossible to follow their actions. There was no way for them to react to each other, even if they were on the same team or in the same gang. The movie had no dialog and the dialogue was so stupid and nonsensical that it made me want to give up on the movie and laugh at it.  I wouldn't recommend this movie at all. If you're looking for a cheap comedy that is fun to watch and doesn't waste your time and money on the story, go for it. If, however, you're interested in something else, then go for something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this film is just too stupid and pointless.  There's no sense of plot, no action, nothing that makes sense and it looks like they spent every day making a sequel to this film. I mean what the hell was this? I mean this was the worst film I have ever seen in my life.  This film has so many stupid plot twists, it was actually boring watching.  It was actually so slow and boring, it reminded me of those movies where you have to wait in line to get the movie. This movie was so boring and you know what they all have a clue? This movie is the same, the only difference was they had an idea about the plot.  That is how I felt about this film, I can't believe the producers made this film!  Oh yeah it had a killer soundtrack but I don't think it made a difference. It was just too pointless to waste time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a disgrace. It has been made to look like it was something to watch and I am not surprised. The story is about a woman who has gone insane and is now in a mental hospital, where she meets some sort of mutant. But the movie was so badly made that you had no idea what the hell it was supposed to be about. The script was too dull, the acting was not good and there was hardly any humour. I would not recommend this movie. It was a real waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very low budget, yet extremely poorly directed. There is no acting, no direction, and no story. There are no stakes, no meaning, and very little plot.  A lot of the actors (or people who were cast) are either not recognizable, or their names aren't even listed in the credits. In the end, the movie is just a big, shallow, cheap, poorly made, badly acted, and poorly directed movie. The only reason I was able to finish it was because I was drunk, and not in my right mind. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been a long time coming but I think this was the first time I've ever seen such an awful movie. I can understand the concept but it was just awful. It's like the film was made to be in every way, and that wasn't the way they wanted it. It was really like a bunch of people who watched their own TV show (I know, it was "Friends" back then) and decided it would make a good movie. The cast was terrible, and the story was awful. The plot was predictable and pointless.  I'm glad to see it now. It would have been the worst movie ever made had it not been released as "Friends of the Family." The movie is really about a bunch who are friends and all of the characters are awful.  But I'm sorry, I really don't like that the cast is now in a film. I really wanted them to get the job back, but now they've gone and made a movie.  This is the worst film I've seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting an excellent movie and instead I found a half hour of nothing but wasted time. This is the kind of movie where a lot of effort is made to make the story entertaining. A lot of time is wasted in the story. But, it's not really that entertaining. The movie is boring, the plot is weak, and the movie looks absolutely terrible. It's a real shame to waste time on something like this. But if you're a big fan of the film, you'll find it interesting. But don't waste your time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are no redeeming features in this movie other than the title. It's a typical Hollywood comedy about a man (John Belushi) and his love interest (Kathy Bates). It's an unmitigated failure. In the middle of the movie, John comes back to his girlfriend, who is married to his father's sister, and they fall in love.  There's nothing to say, except for the fact that it was made in 1985, when the "teen" audience was still young enough to laugh. This is a movie for the older audience, but a waste of time. This movie could have been so much better had it been made in 1990. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's some very bad, low budget movies out there, but this is one of the worst. It's so, so, unbelievably awful.  The movie has one of those annoying, overacting, over-exaggerated actors and actresses who have nothing to do with the story (they're just trying to appear cute, they're playing their own parts, they don't know what they're talking about). The movie also has a rather irritating and irritating theme song, which is pretty terrible. There are also two really annoying characters that are so annoying that you don't want to sit through the whole movie (although it might be interesting to see them). The director doesn't have a clue what he's making. It would be fine if the movie were a little less pretentious, if it was at least half as funny as it appears to be. But unfortunately, it's just as pretentious and annoying. It could have been so much better.  There are some interesting moments in the movie, like when a woman says that she was pregnant in the old days (it's not true, it was a joke), and it's a very nice, well-directed scene where she and her boyfriend argue over what to do. The only problem is that it's very, very long and you don' t understand what's going on.  As a comedy, this movie is so terrible that it actually made me laugh less than I did when I saw it on TV.  It's a total waste of time and money.  If you're a fan of movies where people get killed by crazy old people, this isn't the movie for you. But if you're just looking for a movie to be boring and overacted, this is the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was not very entertaining or funny.  The plot was very poorly thought out. I don't understand how the director thought this was going to be a good movie. The acting was not good. The story is very vague and not even clear cut. It seemed like a very amateurish movie. And even though the movie was rated PG-13, the violence was way too much for a young girl. It was like she was getting hit with a rock.  I give it a 3 out of 10. If you are looking for a mindless, mindless, and violent movie, I wouldn't recommend it. The only good thing about this movie was the title, but it's not worth the effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like movies that are made in Korea or China, and I am not too sure how they are supposed to be made. I do like some of them, such as "Love on the Rainy Night", "Love in the Rain", "Raisins", "Tales of Two Cities", "The Tale of a Bad Case of a Broken Heart", "Boys Beware", "Passion to Kill", "Death in the City", "Walking in My Shoes", and "The Killing Floor". However, this movie did not go well for me. First off, the movie is over 90 minutes long and was made for a TV movie. The movie is about 8 minutes long, which is only a little longer than a 10 minute movie, but the movie was way too long for me to watch it without being bored. The music was awful, and it didn't have much of a story. There were no good action scenes, and the only part of the movie that I liked was when the main character was shot at. I dont understand how they were able to make a movie with that title, and "Death of a Gunfighter" doesn't count because it was made by a different company.  The movie doesn't really have any plot, which I can only blame the writers. The only thing I liked about the movie were the actors. However, I didn't like the actors that they portrayed. I didnt like the role of the bad guy, who was so bland and boring that I just wanted to punch him. I also didnit like the fact that they made the movie in Korea. It is the same thing as if you made a movie in Germany, and you made it in Korea, or if you make a German movie and you make it in Germany. In Korea, they do not make movies for foreign movies.  This movie made me feel like I was watching "The Dark Knight". It was too dark, too dull, and too boring. I found it boring and a waste of time.  I would like to give this movie a 1 out of 10, but since I cannot give a 10 out of 1, I will give it a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad that it's unbelievable. Even the opening credits say so. They say, "The American Pie was a hit when it was released in 2000, but this film isn't even remotely close to being in the same league. I would suggest that if you like this movie, you should probably skip it altogether.  As a matter of fact, I would recommend that you don't even rent this film. This is a piece of garbage that was made to look like a fun movie.  It's a complete waste of time and money.  I would like to point out that there was no plot in this movie. I'm not kidding. There wasn't even a plot. The plot was so stupid that I actually laughed at it. I'd suggest that you watch the movie without having to watch the opening credit sequence first.  The film is full of plot holes, like the time when a guy says, "Why not just get it? I've got everything in the world," and then gets an expensive watch and starts making money off of it. There was a time when I actually thought that the guy was a genius and not a joke. I didn't laugh because the movie was hilarious, I laughed because I know that a movie with plot holes is really boring. I laughed at the plot holes because they were so stupid. I've never seen a movie that has plot holes that are so stupid I actually think they're funny. The movie should be considered a joke because it was made by a movie studio. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, the acting is so awful, it makes the movie a bit funny.  Secondly, the story is just too confusing to follow. I just couldn't get into the story, and it seemed that most of the actors were either just reading lines to make the story more interesting, or just making up their own dialogue. The story was also incredibly cheesy, with the main character being a very, very stupid little boy. It was really sad to see the actor who played him, Sean Astin, go from being a pretty, attractive boy to a very ugly little boy in just one movie.  If you can look past the acting, and just stick to the story you can enjoy this movie. If you don't want to sit through a lot of awful movies, this movie isn't for you. I found it quite hard to follow the story and it just wasn't very good.  The plot wasn't much of a plot, and the movie ended up just being a bunch of wasted minutes. It just made no sense.  As an extra, I found the extra scene where the guy from the video game is trying to make his own movie a little bit lame, but overall I was OK with it. The only reason I can come up with for the extra video game scene was because I didn't see it in the movie and I couldn't find a copy online.  I give it a 3 out of 10, it was just a very bad movie. And it's sad that it took a movie this awful to make me watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of a couple of "normal" guys who stumble upon a "magic box" is interesting and makes for an entertaining time, but what makes it so awful is that the film lacks any sense of humor whatsoever. A couple of scenes in the beginning are particularly offensive.  The movie also contains several other scenes that simply make no sense. A character is constantly trying to tell everyone else that he's a wizard (which makes no sense) and that he can change the color of a person's hair (which also makes no bloody sense).  The ending is even worse than the beginning, and is completely devoid of any humor whatsoever; all of the characters simply do whatever they need to do to get by.  Don't get me wrong--the film is a lot of fun. But it isn't even worth bothering to watch it, unless you are very masochistic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm giving a very negative review because of a bad flick. I'm sorry I'm so disappointed by this film. I've been waiting for this film since it came out, and I'm still waiting. This is an incredibly boring and awful film. It's just an insult to the audience's intelligence. It really doesn't make any sense whatsoever. It doesn't even make sense at all.  The acting is bad. The acting was bad in "Gravity" too. And "Swingers" is a much better film.   The music in "Winnie" is terrible. This film just isn't even remotely entertaining. It makes no sense. I wish the filmmakers would just take the whole thing out and go straight into the trash heap. The fact that they're making this into a "trailer" is insulting. The filmmakers are so afraid of their audience, they're going to put the movie on Netflix and let them see this garbage!  I can only hope that they will at some point remove the "trailers" and just make the film themselves. This was an insult not only to the filmmakers, but to the moviegoers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I do not think I'm alone in the majority of people who have seen this movie and are not even remotely satisfied. The acting was bad, the story was not a story at all, the only thing that kept me watching was the absolutely ridiculous premise that the main character was a super-secret agent. The movie was an excuse to show off some pretty good actors, but it was just not worth it. I'm not sure if I could even understand why a person who can only speak a limited number of languages and who has only seen the "Secret Agent" TV series would be able to talk about "the super secret agent". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the whole movie was just a lot of footage from the movie "The Adventures of the Bunch of Nothings" that the director of the movie was too lazy to use in the actual movie. The plot is pretty much the same as the first movie, except for the ending, and the BNNH scenes just get boring after a while.  This is just a waste of time. The only thing I liked was the music, but even there is a song that just ruins the movie.  It's not a comedy. It's just a bunch of clips that have no plot to them, and no motivation to the BNs. The BNs are the only reason the movie got a 10 rating on IMDb. The movie is just so boring and pointless that I would be giving a negative rating if I didn't know that it's supposed to be a comedy and that it actually wasn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen and enjoyed other movies from the same director, but this one seems to be just as terrible as the other ones. The script was terrible. The only thing that I can praise was the idea of an urban fantasy where the only thing people care about is the romance of being able to kill someone. The movie should have stayed in the box and not been released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the two trailers, I've read the reviews, and I can see the movie, but the trailers don't really tell you what's in the movie. It's not a fun movie to watch, and it isn't the best, but it is a great example of how movies can get out of hand and end up in total mediocrity.  The story is weak, the acting is terrible, the plot is so poorly executed it hurts to watch. It should have been a film about a real-life tragedy, but even that doesn't explain how this film could have been made.  If you want a horror film that doesn/doesn't fit the genre, don't bother. If you're interested in seeing a movie that's awful, go watch the original Twilight Zone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an utter waste of time. The acting is dreadful. The music is atrocious, especially the opening scene with all the guys and girls in their underwear. The plot is totally devoid of logic and plot. I don't even know what was going on. This movie has nothing to offer but an empty, meaningless title.  The director, who had a career as a film producer, should have just stuck with his previous movies.  This movie should have never been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is absolutely awful. It's so bad that I had to watch it twice just to get the words out. It has no plot, no reason to even exist, and the acting is really awful. This film really stinks. The director (Dana Corcoran) is obviously trying to make this look like a documentary and failed miserably. Her acting is so bad, you would think she was trying to pass off a documentary as an art film. And she does. Her characters look like they've been done by an amateur.  The only redeeming factor in this is the soundtrack, which is quite good. But that's it. The whole film is so awful, that I couldn't recommend it to anyone, even though I really liked Dana Corcorans' movies (she is so good).  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film, although I was surprised to find it, on Youtube.  A lot of people have stated this film as being a great movie, which is a little insulting to say. It's just not good. The story is the weakest of any film I have seen. I was very disappointed. I think that the director is in no way a good director, and was probably just making a joke to himself.  It's like that old time horror movie: the characters are totally not drawn to each other and you can't sympathize with them. The acting was not very good. And the movie itself was just boring.  I think the director should have cut out the unnecessary gore, and put some more effort into the story. It doesn't really make a lot of sense, so I'm not really sure what the point was.   This movie is NOT worth watching. It was just way too much like any horror movie. It wasn't scary, it wasn't original, it didn't really even look that good. This movie had a pretty low budget, and I'm sure the film studio was just making it look pretty. The fact that this movie was made at all is kind of funny, because it actually is not a bad film. The problem is that people are so quick to give it this kind of rating, and people have such a short attention span for movies, and they are always quick to get so excited over anything that they will be disappointed with it. It just doesn't make any sense. And you know how it gets so bad with horror movies? People are always so quick off the mark and can't seem to stop themselves from commenting on the bad movies they see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an embarrassment. I've been watching this since it came out and the only reason I've come to write this review now is because I'm tired of it.  The acting was awful, the plot was so uninteresting and the story seemed to have been written in a bad mood. I'll give the producers credit for trying to make a movie about a real event. I can only blame the director for trying too hard. If you want to see a movie where actors talk about a really stupid movie and people are really stupid then look no further. If, on the other hand, you want a movie with a bad story and actors and an uninspired ending then I suggest you find somewhere else to spend your evening. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak and boring, and the acting is so awful, that I just wanted to see how it could have been made better. I mean, the actor playing the villain doesn't even appear in the credits! The only thing in the movie that made it a little better was the song "We've all been here before". It's okay.  The movie itself was just bad. It wasn't worth watching. I just didn't care for it.  This movie was the complete opposite of "Gone in 60 Seconds". It has an over-the-top title and a lame villain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching this, I had a flashback to when I watched "Election 2012", and wondered how the film would have been made if it were actually about a real election. It's not, but it's an interesting glimpse into the film's production. "Empirical" and "Electoral", both titles were made by the same production company (I think they are the same company) and the movie itself is about an election, but the plot line is totally made up.  This film is a waste of your time. The script, which is so devoid of plot and character development that it makes you wonder if the actors had ever been given the chance to read the script, isn't particularly funny and neither is the acting, which suffers from a lack of talent. The plot line isn't even worth mentioning and if the movie were actually "Elected 2012", the characters would have had more lines to say. The characters have no sense of humor whatsoever. The story is just the latest in a string of films which have used the election of a President to tell a joke.  And let me tell you, the film doesn't even make up the plot in the beginning. In fact, the entire movie is made up of what seems to be an after-thought.  The whole movie is about a bunch of people (including the President) who want to make it to the top of the political totem pole. The movie opens with a political speech that makes no sense, and then the film spends the next hour and a half explaining that the President is making a speech. It is so unbelievable that I can't even believe that it is supposed to be real.  Oh yeah, I'm going to miss this film. It was so much better than "ELECTION 2012", I actually had to read through the credits to get to the credits, because I couldn't make out the names of the cast members. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife is allergic to cheese, but she loved this movie. I gave it 3 out of 10. I watched it once with my wife, and she got a headache and passed out. The movie is boring, but the cheese is great. It was a complete waste of time.  If you want to see cheese, you will find it on TV or in a movie theater. The only cheese-related movie I know that is actually enjoyable is "Cheesehead". That movie is the only one that actually made me laugh. This movie made me feel like an idiot watching it. I want to be able to enjoy a movie that has some cheese, and I was unable to do that here. The story was very poorly told. There are so many other movies in the same genre that have better plot, and better acting, but it was not possible here.  I give it a 3 out 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I'm done with "Moral Justice" after the third or fourth viewing. It is just too much for a director to have written. It's just so boring. A bunch of characters talking to one another and then one character is about to shoot someone and then the character's character dies. That's all I got. And that was a really boring movie to watch. The script was horrible and the direction was just so amateurish. I was hoping that it would have at least been a decent "B" flick because it is supposed to be an educational film about the evils of racism. And then I watched this and I can't believe it.  So I guess that's what you get. An inferior movie with a really, really bad script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that the director had to make this movie in the early 70's. I can believe that this was a script written by a bunch of Hollywood types.  The plot is so bad that I think that the story may have been based on a play. There is one story line that I don't like at all. It's the girl's father and his relationship with his daughter.  I understand that the script was written in the 60's, but the film was made in the 70's and this should have been the 80's.  This is a bad film. This film is a real waste of money and time. I think this is the lowest budget film I have ever seen. The actors don't look like the actors in other films. This is just another low budget film made by people who are desperate for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that I was expecting something more like a "Hannibal Lecter in Space" - but it was so badly written and the characters so flat, it is almost as if this was made by someone who had no idea what a story should be. In the end, the only thing that kept me interested was that the acting was OK. And that was really all there was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so far from the original and only really got to be worth the 2-hour runtime. It was like a horror movie where nothing happened and the characters kept coming back to life and talking to each other. It's like if this movie was made by a person who is too lazy to make a movie but still wants to make movies and wants to put out a crappy one that will get the attention of people who like to be entertained. I give it 2 out of 10. This is an awful movie, it's a waste of time and it makes no sense whatsoever. There is no plot, no idea what's happening and there is absolutely nothing to keep people interested. This movie could have been made by somebody who doesn't like to write, who doesn a terrible movie and just put together a movie without making it any fun. This sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Kabuki" was supposed to be the latest Japanese film by the director Akira Kurosawa, the director who made "Yojimbo" and "Spirited Away", two films which are so far apart in style and style of their subjects that they have never been equated by anyone else. But, like "Yajiro" and like "Scent of a Woman", "Kabe", the latest film by Kurosawashima, is really a low-budget Japanese horror film.  I can't believe that there are so many people who believe that Kurosada's films should be given their own class. How could a film be so low budget, so under-budgeted, so uninspired, and so lacking in any story or character development? Why would people who think this way not just want to see Kurosaga's films, but want to know how much the director actually made of it? I'm not sure why they think it makes sense for them to spend time and money on films which lack all the features that the Japanese films do have.  To put it in a nutshell, "Kabi" is a film which is about the life of an old Japanese man who has an unending desire to kill a young woman named Yuki.  It's a pretty predictable plot which is pretty boring to watch, but still makes me wonder what was going through the director's head as he made this film. And to be honest, I don't know how he managed to make the film so utterly boring, but it's definitely the worst film I've ever seen. I'm sure it was something that was put in there for shock value, because it's not like the director made a bad film. There's really no reason for the viewer to be invested in the film, or to care what happens to the characters. I don' really care how the film plays out, it just goes on and on without resolution, and I'm so bored I'm going to end the review right now.  A shame, really. If "Kabby" had been good, I would have been a fan of it, because the director is quite good at his work. But this is so bad, it's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so unbelievably boring. The acting is so terrible that you'd almost believe that the entire cast were playing an evil version of their characters.  I'd say that this is a fairly good film, because the plot and the action is actually pretty interesting, but the story just keeps getting worse and worse, and the acting just keeps slipping out of control.  What I think is most disappointing about this film is that the whole thing seems to be an attempt at selling the idea of "dark humor" as a new genre. I just don't get it. The whole thing has one of the most cringe-inducing laugh lines of any piece of trash-filmed film I've ever seen, and that's saying a lot.  If you want to see an utterly boring movie, just watch the trailers. But don't pay for it, unless you really really want to be reminded of what this movie is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I don't like the "bad" endings, so it made me wonder why there was no way the ending could have been more satisfying for the viewer.  However, this is not even a negative comment. It's a waste of your time, but if you're into the "I don't know what went wrong, so I'll read the comments about it" kind of thing, it might be interesting. The movie has no humor, and it's just awful. I've never seen a movie with such a bad script. I think it was done by someone who doesn't understand that a script is a whole lot more than the story you actually want to tell. It is a waste. I'm going to give this a 1/10 and move on to something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a group of "possible-future" kids who are recruited by a "bad guy" to go and kidnap some women and children for him, and then they are forced to kill them and all their loved ones to save themselves. The script is so bad, the acting is so weak and un-interesting, and the plot so convoluted, that I just had to leave the movie at the very end. I didn't even understand what was going on, and I can't even believe that it was made. The story has no emotional depth. The acting is bad and the director should be fired. This movie will only get 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this when it was released as a special feature in the DVD of the 'Moral Melodies' anthology, and I didn't like it at all. Then I saw it again and I really hated it. The plot is completely unbelievable, the characters are shallow, and the script has no punch. The characters don't even have a sense of humour, they're just silly and mean. I couldn't believe that there was a director that couldn't find any humour in a film and had to write a negative comment about it.  I was very upset to see this after having seen the original version in the 'Special Edition DVD' which I had purchased in its entirety for $14.99. The 'Special DVD' had a few other cuts, but the cuts were so small that you couldn't even tell it was cut in half.  This special edition DVD has no special features, and has the same script. If you want to see a more entertaining movie, buy the'special edition DVD'.  I can't believe there are people that enjoy this movie. Please don't waste your money, and don't buy it. It is an insult to anyone that is able to enjoy this piece of trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is about a group of people who decide to live together for one year. However, in the meantime they are in a state of war. The main problem with this film is the fact that all the characters are basically clones of each other. It's not that hard to imagine them being more than just clones.  I'm sure that in the original book it was stated that all of the people were clones of one person. In the film, this is never stated, and the characters don't seem to know that they are clones. It makes no sense to me. There is no real suspense in this film, because there is no suspense. The movie's biggest flaw is its terrible script. There are too many scenes that could have been made better and there is a terrible lack of action scenes.  The actors don't do anything convincing and the writing is horrible. I wouldn't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was disappointed that this film was not a total waste of time, but then I found myself actually watching the whole movie again. I was really annoyed at how the movie played out, and then I started to realize that I really enjoyed it at the beginning. It was almost as though the producers and director had forgotten what made the film worth seeing in the first place. In retrospect, it should have ended with the original ending of the movie.  I found it ironic that the movie had some kind of ending, and that ending is what led me to watching the movie again and again, until it started to irritate me and I wanted it to end.  The movie is simply terrible.  It should have never been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just awful. I've seen better. The acting is horrible, the story is not worth talking about, it's so much better than any other movie that has ever been made in this genre. It's just a horrible waste of money and talent. I can't even believe that this was made. I just wish that it had been better.  I mean, come on, what are you even supposed to do with a movie like this. It just has to be better than a B movie. If you're going to do a B-movie then you can do it a few levels better than this.   I'm just not sure what to think about this movie, I really don't know what it was made for, I just know that it sucked. It was just awful and it was never anything good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this and the sequel, and thought the two movies were very similar to each other.  The story was predictable, the acting was bad and the acting in this movie was just awful. I can't say how the director of this movie is, because the director's name was never mentioned in the credits and I can only guess what this director's role was. However, it was clearly a director's film. The actors were not good at acting, and did not seem to be very interested in what they were doing. I did not even care about the plot line, and I had the same feelings in the sequel. I would not recommend this movie to anyone, but I will leave it here just for the sake of writing it down.  I really hate the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the name of God, the most beautiful place in the universe, I will never allow this movie to pass my eyes! And I will not, because I don't have time to waste it! So watch the trailer, read the description and if you're not a horror fan then go for it! But if you are a horror fanatic and like to see all kinds of scary movies then get a hold of this movie, otherwise, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing this movie I can tell you that there is a LOT of wasted potential in the film.  The movie is about a kid who has been kidnapped by a monster. He has to escape by building a massive boat to save his sister, his parents, his little brother, his aunt and uncle and his best friend.  What's the point in all of this? Well, the boat is going to sink and the monster is going on a rampage until the boat can be used as a weapon.  You'll see the monster chasing the boat, killing people, building a huge wall of death, building traps for his own personal amusement. There's no plot whatsoever, except that the monster has to kill the boat in order to survive.  I'm going to rate this movie a 1. It's a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting something more interesting from this flick, but was completely disappointed. It's not just the acting, the story and the writing, it's the whole plot. I'm not even sure why this film exists. There's a lot of plot twists that just don't make any sense at all. There are so many unanswered questions about the story that it's really difficult to tell what is going on, especially the ending. It seems like the director is trying to make the whole movie make sense, but it doesn't work because it just doesn't make sense. It just feels like a cheap attempt to sell a crappy movie. If this movie had been made by a better director, the plot would have been a lot better, but that would have required a whole lot more effort than this film deserves. The acting is horrible and the script is just plain bad.  The only reason to see this movie is if you're looking for something that makes sense and makes you feel like you're watching a film. The script and acting don't really give you any reason to watch it over and over again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is really an example of the over-hyped "sexy" movies we see nowadays. It has no plot, no meaning and is completely devoid of any kind of humor. It is simply a poorly acted, poorly directed and uninspired film that is intended to appeal to a female audience. It's a sad waste of a filmmaker's time and I feel sorry for the director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A story about a group of students in a fictional college with the "biggest" class, only a small portion of the students are allowed to leave. The story is supposed to be about the history of the school, but is really about the students' own selfish interests.  The cast and crew are all over the place. None of them know what the story is about, and the only person who does is the director and the writer.  It seems that this is what happened when the director was hired, and then the writer was hired. If you are a film student and you watch this movie, please stay away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a total waste of time.  The director does not seem to understand the concept of action scenes, which is odd considering the fact that he is known for making some of the best movies ever.  Also, his casting is not believable. The only actors that worked with the director were really bad, and that was the only reason why the movie was not a total failure.   The movie looks like it was made in the 70's. There is no sense of action, suspense, or any story line at all. The director tries to cover it up with a very poor editing job. If you are a fan of the original "Raiders of the Lost Ark" and "Raid on the Rock," don't waste your time watching this movie. The actors were awful and the movie failed to deliver anything of substance. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is an embarrassment to itself. The actors are so awful it is unbelievable. The story is so thin and uninteresting. I would have preferred a film with better writing. And I have never laughed so hard in my life. It was the worst acting I have ever seen. It's so boring that I thought I had heard it the whole movie. There was no chemistry between the characters. The camera was horrible and the film had to be one of the worst I have seen. If you are interested in seeing this film, do yourself a favor and skip it.   The only reason to see this film is if you like bad acting. I think I would rather watch a better film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film in the theater with my daughter and my son. I saw no plot, no action, and only one or two good bits of dialogue. It was just one giant mess of terrible dialog. There was one scene where a man was talking to a woman on a boat, and the woman looked at the man like she was a dog and then ran away. I felt so humiliated that I didn't know how to react because I couldn't see the woman. My daughter felt like she had to stay on the boat to avoid the guy, who was clearly a monster.  The movie is completely unwatchable. I didn`t understand what was happening to anyone, and I don't think anyone understood what was going on in this movie. The acting was bad, and my daughter didn't even understand what the movie was about because it was so incomprehensible. I'm not sure if they had an audience for this film, but it was clearly so bad that it would have made any theater unwatchably bad. I just don't know what this film is supposed to be about. I mean, if it's supposed to tell you a story about a young girl who was kidnapped and held prisoner in the middle of the ocean for five months and then she meets a mysterious stranger and she has a whole heart to him and he becomes her rescuer and that ends the movie, then I guess this movie might have some merit. But to me, it just looked like the makers of this film had no idea what to do with it, and it was a complete waste of time. I don`t know what I`m supposed to think about this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't say I was really surprised by the rating given. The movie was slow and tedious.  The only thing that kept it from being a complete waste of time was that the director used a few very good actors (including John Hurt, Paul Reiser, David Tennant, and Michael Gough) to make it a little less dull.  However, even if the story wasn't really that bad (the story, plot and acting were OK) the movie wouldn't have been worth seeing if the acting was good enough. If it was not good enough, it would have made for an OK movie.  Unfortunately, the script didn't help much either, since the plot wasn't original or really believable. The acting, though OK, was not very good either, so it just wasn't worth watching the whole movie, which might have been OK if the plot was original.  It is a shame, really, that this movie was made in such a short time, and so poorly. It would have been much better if the whole thing had been done by the time the movie was ready to air. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really bad movie, I give it a zero. A typical "mockumentary" about a stupid movie with no idea of the genre it's trying to portray. It's just another excuse for the filmmakers to make the characters act like a bunch of idiots and get a little attention.  The acting was pretty bad and the script is just a bunch more stupid. I can't understand why they made a movie about this. This is the first time I've seen a movie that is so poorly written and acted. The editing and sound-effects were terrible, but it's not even close to the worst movie I've ever seen. I give the zero out of ten. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an unmemorable collection of scenes and dialogs that are not funny or entertaining at all.  There are a few funny moments here and there but there's no suspense or even suspense at all (no sense of danger or impending danger, even though the title says so). This is not even a bad film in the slightest, but the director should have stuck to the original story which was actually a very good story. The acting is weak, the cinematography is mediocre, and the editing is worse.  The best way to watch this is not with subtitles but with the original score (which I highly recommend), the original video footage, or the DVD (which is also not a bad DVD). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film about a killer that is played by a man. It makes no sense at all. The film is made up of cheap jokes and a few of the acting is good, but overall the acting and script is a joke.  The story revolves around a man (Wesley Snipes) that kills people with a machine gun. He kills a couple in a hotel room that he has just arrived at. Then he kills the man who is being robbed in the next room. Then we are introduced to the killer and he kills another couple.  This movie isn't even interesting enough to be a joke, it is just too awful to be taken seriously.  It is just so bad, I would watch this movie if I had to watch a movie without a story, or if I wanted to see how much money is spent to make this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was some decent stuff in this film. It's just that the director was so focused on just trying to make a straight up rip off of Rocky Horror Picture Show that he missed the point.  What made Rocky Horror a good movie was the characters, and what made the characters in this movie so flat was the acting. The only acting that I found was from the director, and that was because the actors themselves didn't try hard enough to make the movie likable.  In retrospect, I think the actors should have been more involved in the movie and kept the story interesting by making their characters grow, and having the characters have their own lives, rather than just being cardboard cutouts. The movie just didn't get better from there.  This movie was a waste of everyone's time. I wouldn't waste my time on it, or anyone else's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie opens with a few scenes from the original movie but the director has taken a lot of liberties with the plot. They introduce a character who is actually a "macho" man who is a cop in the future, but has a bad case of amnesia (this is the only one I'm going to say this is true in the movie). It takes us through the story of a cop's wife and his new girlfriend who is his sister. After she tells him that she's pregnant, he becomes violent and shoots her in the stomach (the movie does not go into any details about what happened to her and the film is not even remotely believable). Then it's a slow, boring and repetitive story about a cop who has lost everything and decides to do what he does best - kill people. The only redeeming factor in this movie is the acting, but even that is not enough to make this movie a good horror film. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone under 18 unless they can see this on television. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this and decided to give it a try. It wasn't worth my time and it is just another one of those terrible B-movie, low budget horror flicks that have been made by some bored, desperate director looking for a cheap thrift movie. It is also a complete waste of time and money. There are some good moments in it, but it is too awful to really enjoy them.  The characters are not interesting, the script is so poorly written and poorly directed, the story has no resolution, the plot is so predictable, the acting is very poor and the music is annoying.  I don't understand how anyone could watch this film and not hate it. I don`t know why anyone would even bother watching this film, unless they are sick or have some kind of mental illness. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off with a very promising premise, the idea that the world is destroyed, due to "the coming of the "great flood". But this idea is quickly revealed to be just a bit too predictable. A flood that comes every year and that lasts for a month. And every time there is a drought, a flood happens. This flood only happens once a year. It is the same as the biblical flood, only it only happens every other year. This means that every time it rains, there is always a flood. And, it also means that there are never any new water sources. And this is only the beginning of the movie. I had to force myself to finish the movie because it had gotten so bad.  I was so frustrated with this movie. It's just not a good movie, not a bad film, not an interesting movie. There are just too many things that just didn't make sense. I just can't believe that a director is actually trying to make this movie, when he's just making it up as he goes along. The movie's story is extremely clichd and very weak. And it seems like the movie is trying to say "look how ridiculous it is that the whole world goes extinct every year!" But in the end, it comes to nothing. I was actually sad when the movie was over. This was just not even a movie. Just a waste of time. I gave this movie 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are no words to describe this movie, except that it is an utter disappointment. The script is a disaster of a waste of time and effort. The acting is awful. The cinematography is bad, the lighting is bad and the sound is poor. I was so annoyed that I turned the volume down on the television. I cannot recommend this movie at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been watching this for the longest time and the reviews are just ridiculous.  The film seems to have been made in a desperate attempt to make a profit by exploiting the fans of the series. The actors are not the best they could be, the story is completely uninteresting and the acting is terrible. The only good point in the film is that it has a few bits of humour but this is easily overshadowed by the horrible acting and the stupid script. It is just an absolute waste of time. I can't recommend this to anyone but I wouldn't want to be an audience member. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to watch this movie and I thought it was just a short film. I'm sure the producers put a lot of effort in to it, but it really is a waste of time. It starts with an actor (played by a really annoying character) getting a job in a hotel room, and it just goes downhill from there. I just wish it wasn't the only movie in the franchise. I hope you are better than the rest of us. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bit of a mixed bag of the worst films I've ever seen.  This is the worst "film" I've seen in a long time. The story was boring, the actors weren't even good, the acting was awful, the directing was just awful, and I actually hated the ending. If you like a bad film then this is the movie for you.  If you are a person who likes to see films with a lot of action, then it's a good movie to watch, but if you want to see a movie without the usual "plot" elements then I'd advise you to stay away from this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the story of a man who was caught in a storm and killed in the rain, and his father (played by a very bad actor) who believes that his son should be buried at sea. After a tragic ending the son, who is now a very old man, is given the chance to decide what to do with his father's remains.  This film is so shallow and the plot so predictable that it could have been a TV movie. This is a typical action film where the hero (played, oddly, by the actor playing his father) kills bad guys in a scene that only lasts a few minutes. The story could have made for a decent film if the script had been better, but unfortunately, it does not. It is not funny, it is not even entertaining, it simply lacks any redeeming quality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was about as good as it could be, but it was not very good. This movie is a little like "The Shining", except that it is actually made by a studio that makes bad movies, like "Karate Kid" or "Jingle All the Way".  The story was stupid and poorly written. There was one part where the movie tries to get the audience to believe that the characters are actually being controlled by a mad scientist. The story line was lame. The script was so bad that it made me sick to my stomach. I was actually watching the movie while sitting on the couch in a dark room with a bunch of strangers.  The acting was horrible. They were all so uninteresting that I felt bored. The actors did not even bother trying to act. I felt like the actors were making a big mistake by wasting their talent in this movie. I really wanted to turn it off right then and there. I hate the idea of movies like this. I think that they have the potential to ruin people's lives. I wish I had stayed in bed that night.  All in all, this movie was a waste of time. You are not getting a lot of bang for your buck here. If you like the kind of movies that are usually on cable channels like the Sci Fi Channel or the History Channel, this is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise seems to have some relevance to the movie, but nothing at all for the story. The characters and plot are flat and predictable. The only positive thing I can say is that there is a good performance by a few members of the cast. But for a film with a very low budget, that is a major disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I can't believe how anyone could rate this movie a 9, especially given the fact that it was made by the director of the very infamous "Battleship Melon" - it's a complete joke. It has almost no redeeming features other than its name.  But that aside, this film is a complete waste of time. It is only a few minutes worth of film, but I just didn't feel like watching it any longer. The acting is terrible, the story is a total waste, and the overall feel is just too flat.  The only reason I gave it a 10 is because the actors were great in other movies made by "the director". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a disaster. It is so awful that you can't even see the characters. In the end, the entire cast is made to look like morons. The movie is so uninteresting, it's not funny, and the characters are completely unlikeable. It's a complete waste of time. It also has absolutely no suspense, so if you want to see a movie that involves people getting killed and you're not in a hurry, you might find this movie a good deal.  This is the worst movie I've seen in my life. There are so many other movies I could've made better, but this was just plain stupid. If you want an "action" movie with a low budget, this is the one for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a lot of bad writing in this movie. I found this movie to be so disappointing that I almost had to skip it. Some parts were actually pretty funny and funny, but there was a lot that was really just stupid. I'm sorry, but it really was a waste of time. It made no sense, there was no character development whatsoever and the plot didn't make any sense. It was like watching a video game where there was absolutely nothing to do. It is also so boring and ridiculous that you would think that someone who made this movie was actually the writer of the game.  I am so disappointed that this movie even existed. There are better movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea was really cool and I really liked the movie, but it was a complete waste of my time. I was so mad when I got home, I couldn't wait to get out of the house. I sat in the dark for 10 hours on the sofa and it was so frustrating. I just wanted to throw up.  I can't believe that a movie like this is made for the people who really like the movie. Why is it so hard to write something that doesn't suck?  What I'm getting at is that you have to be able to tell your audience that you really care about them and that they really need you, not just in the way that you want them to care about you, but that you are really going to love them, and you really are going to be a better friend to them.  It just wasn't there.   The only thing that saved it from being a complete failure was the soundtrack, but I can assure you that the movie was just a waste of time.  If you want a movie that sucks, don't waste your time on this movie. Don't waste even more of your time. Just don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not really interested in the movie at all. It seemed to be a waste of time.  I read the book first to get the feeling of it, and then watched it on DVD, but even then I was just annoyed by the fact that it was made in 1990, and the director couldn't have made it up to date. It looks like it was filmed in a dark room and then darkened it in post-production, and that is no good at all when it comes to making a film about a ghost or some other kind of supernatural thing. I really felt sorry for the actors because they had to act with such bad acting. In the book the book was pretty good, but the movie is too over the top to make it look like a real ghost story. It is an awful waste of a few minutes of my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like horror movies in general, but I've been forced to sit through this film so I can see how it's being marketed. I would have preferred that they had left out the "The Necronomicon", the "Fluorescence", or the "Prophecy" for the sake of time, but it seems they are going for shock value.  It's an incredibly uninspired and generic movie with no plot to speak of and no characters to care about.  The characters are bland and uninteresting, the plot is too convoluted to care even if you get sucked into it. I found myself wanting to throw it on the ground as soon as the credits rolled and didn't enjoy watching the credits roll as I got through the first act.  If you want to see a bad horror movie then go for it, but don't expect it to be good. I give it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I know that this is a horror movie. That doesn't mean I don't like horror movies. But I have to admit that this movie really sucked. It's a typical horror movie in the most literal sense. The premise is that a house is haunted and that the killer will kill anyone that enters the house. But, as the movie goes on, you realize that the house is actually haunted and there is no killer. This movie just isn't even scary. I mean, I can watch movies with monsters that kill people. I can just watch a monster kill a person.   If you like horror, I recommend the first four movies I listed in my other review.  The problem is that this one isn't as good as them.  It's really not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character is a guy who has a crush on his sister. She's very beautiful and they get on very well. But he's a bit too busy with his own stuff to really pay attention to her. In fact, he sleeps in the same bed as his sister every night, which means he sleeps through his sister's dreams and she doesn't even know it's him. The whole movie is just about him being in love with his sister and having a hard time dealing with her dreams. In the end, when he and his sister realize they've got to move in together, the whole movie turns into a nightmare. In short, it's just a terrible movie. The acting is bad, the dialog is awkward, and the plot is just awful. The only good thing is that the girl's character is cute and not creepy. But then the movie is over, and you're left wondering why you ever gave this film any consideration. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My girlfriend was very upset when I was reading the movie for the first time. The first 3 minutes of the movie were really interesting, then the story started getting worse. It wasn't funny or entertaining. I would say the story is a little better than the first few minutes, but the ending was awful. The characters weren't even close to the original concept. The story was pretty predictable, and the ending is a bit too easy to understand. I gave this movie 3/10 because it's really not a very good movie. The action scenes were a bit slow and boring, the acting was terrible and the story didn't make sense. I can understand the idea behind the story, but it didn't even make sense at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is laughable. Why would a man in his early twenties spend three hours in a park in a place that he had no idea what he was in? There is no real reason to the film other than the premise of a man's search for his daughter. The only thing that this film is good for is the cast. Every single one of the actors on this film are awful. The characters do not have personalities, but just make an awful effort to act like they have personalities. One of the more memorable moments of this film was the scene where the main character is having sex with a woman that he's just met.  I have never seen this film rated by Rotten Tomatoes, but this film ranks as one of their worst movies. This movie is not only a bad film, but a waste of time. I would not recommend this film to anyone. It is simply an excuse to waste your time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Ladies' Man" is the worst movie I've ever seen. I was actually disappointed by the fact that there wasn't any blood, guts or guts. I think that would have been the perfect way to go. The rest of the movie was just boring. The only thing that kept me from giving this movie a 1 was the fact I loved "Babysitter", which is what this movie was supposed to be. It should be one of the worst movies of all time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movie ever. You can see the director and the actors and it's all just awful. It's a really slow movie that goes nowhere. The story and characters are the most unbelievable I have ever seen.  If you want to see a movie that makes you feel uncomfortable and the director has a problem with that you can rent it on Amazon.com.  The ending was predictable but the film wasn't good at all.  You can't see the movie in theaters but you can see it on Netflix. The acting is awful and it has a really poor DVD release. I really don't know what was the problem with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like a good thriller, and this was definitely one of the worst. The plot was not very original and the acting was weak. The movie had the same boring style of the films of the first and third parts of the series. I would have liked to have seen more of the movie.  I think this is a comedy, not a horror. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many bad movies in the world and so many that are just as bad but are considered good because they are being produced in this country.  It is a good idea to make a list of the worst movies ever made. This is one of them.  This film is a complete waste of your time. There are no interesting characters and most of them are uninteresting. If you are a true fan of the series, you will not watch this film. It is basically a one-dimensional story about a guy who has been hired by a group to take out a cult of people who believe that God was created by Satan.  In the beginning, the guy has a very nice, charismatic personality and the movie looks pretty good with a beautiful soundtrack and a lot of special effects. After the movie, the only interesting thing about the movie is that there are three minutes of "sex" scenes. The sex scenes are pointless and just a waste of time. The movie ends after one hour.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is not very good.  It is not funny, not well directed or acted and the plot is very poor. I don't know what the director was thinking and why he felt he needed to make a film like this.  The only reason I gave this film 3 stars is because the ending was good. However, I did not like the story line and the acting was horrible.  All in all, a terrible film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really bad film with so little story and so much exposition, that the characters just come to life in the last 20 minutes. The whole thing feels like an attempt to get audiences to care about the characters.  It's like they were hoping to get the crowd to enjoy the film's gore rather than give it to us for free. They even get in the middle of it and do it again later, and again and again. But the fact that they did it so many times only makes the result that much worse.  I'm surprised that people didn't just give up on this movie before it started to go off the rails. But then again, I can't blame them for trying to make a point about the way the "new wave" films are. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Saving Private Ryan" is a very poor film about a really poor movie: it's basically a re-run of "Dumb and Dumber" minus the plot, but it has none of the charm of the original (save for the cheesy dialog). It's a waste of time and money. This is a movie made to sell a big budget studio film, but instead, it turned out to be the worst film ever made by that studio. It's like they didn't even bother trying to make a decent film. I can only say that this is the only reason why I would ever watch a movie from a studio that has such a terrible reputation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Kiss Kiss: The Life of a Cartoon" is actually an extremely bad movie, if you ask me.  This movie should have just been called "KISS, NOT KISS" and given it a new title. This movie has nothing to do with the original "KILL". It is just not worth the money, if that's what you're looking for.  "The Life of A Cartoon" has a director, a co-director, and a writer. But all these guys know nothing about animation. This is one of the worst movies ever made. It's so terrible that it makes "Swinging the Bonnet" look like a decent film. This film is an embarrassment to the animation industry, a disgrace to the people who make it, and an embarrassment for anyone who watches it.  There is no plot, no dialog, no plot. It is nothing but a mess. The only thing I can say for it is that it was directed by the "original" cartoonist, which was actually directed by "a third party".  This film should be a complete waste of your time. This show is not worth watching. It has nothing of any value. It does not even deserve a rating.  I would not waste your time with this movie, and I'm sorry to say that I'm not alone in that regard. I know there are people out there who are looking for a "good" movie. But this movie does not deserve it. And that is all that I can conclude from it. It simply does not make any sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie. Just terrible. It has no originality or originality in its plot and is full of predictable jokes and bad jokes. I don't know what's going on in the minds of the directors or cast members of this movie. They seem to be very low on the acting meter. I mean, I really don't care if I'm in the right or not, but I know it doesn't really matter because this movie is just awful.  I would like to say that I have seen worse movies, but this movie was just awful...I mean, it wasn't even funny. It was just so stupid.  The acting was bad.  This movie is a bad idea and the movie is really, really awful. I was hoping for a better movie, but...I guess I'm just a sucker for movies where the jokes are predictable and lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so pleased to see that this movie is directed by the original director (Dawson) and the star of the original, William S. Burroughs.  Unfortunately, it turned out to be the same movie as the first one, except it was worse.  The plot is basically a remake of the first movie, but the story is worse than the first, because it has no twists and turns, and all the characters are the same. The story is only interesting because the movie does not really have any plot.  They even have the same name for the characters. Why? It makes the movie seem a bit cheap and lame.  It is a waste of time, because the actors are the worst actors in the world.  But the best part of this movie, is the name of the movie. It is not a good movie to watch, if you like to see movies that are so bad that they can be funny, and also if you want to see a bad comedy.   I did not like the movie, and I am a total pessimist.  I don't like movies that have a lot of sex, but this one has sex with no sex, and only sex. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read this movie for the first time and, while I had enjoyed some other movies of the same genre, I didn't really understand the story. The characters were boring and there was too much repetition of scenes from other movies.  The film's premise was unbelievable, but that was the only way I could figure out how this movie was supposed to work. And, to tell you the truth, I couldn't even understand the dialog because it was so bad.  As for the actors, I think they are just really bad and not talented enough to be in movies like this. There were some pretty good performances here, though. The only reason I was able to forgive this movie is because I actually watched it and had to find out how it worked. I just wanted to skip it and avoid it, but it kept on playing over and over again.  It is probably the worst film I have ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has so much potential, but it fails to achieve it.  The cast is quite disappointing as well, and it has a very awkward and awkward ending. I can't say that I was surprised to find that the film's director, Gary Jones, is no longer in the film industry. It is just so hard to imagine that such a talented director has abandoned his own work.   This isn't a bad film, but I'm disappointed that it isn't better. It isn't an original film, and the acting is pretty meh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing worse than the fact that this movie made it to a DVD release, is that it actually made it out there for DVD and BluRay.  There is absolutely no reason to be entertaining or watch this movie other than for the cheap thrills of the film itself.  This movie is just a series of poorly written and poorly acted scenes that are more about a person's desperation to be the center of attention rather than the story itself. And the only reason that I'm watching this movie is that I was hoping to find out what the real story was.  It's a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, if you want to watch a bad horror film without actually seeing it (and you want something to keep you awake), this movie is not for you. I know this because I watched it. You get the basic premise of a bunch of creepy people, creepy houses, creepy cars and creepy people that look like they're from a different movie (aside from the killer) and the whole thing feels like it could have been so much better.  And if you can't watch the film without laughing at it, this movie has a whole lot of room for improvement. The acting is pretty weak and the plot is so flat and boring that you'll actually feel like you're watching a boring film with an interesting plot, even if you're not. The director of the movie tries to cover his ass by having a bunch people who don't actually exist act as characters in the film (like the killer in this movie, who is a "real-life" killer), but even that's not enough. The killer's creepy and creepy, and the movie itself is a waste of time.  It's really just a pile of bad horror films. I mean, there's nothing wrong with a bad film, but if you come to a bad one expecting a good movie, don't expect one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The plot is bad, the acting is awful, the plot is predictable and the ending is a complete waste.  The movie is so bad, I could not understand what happened at all. The acting is so awful, that I have to think that the movie was made for a small audience.   I have seen better movies in my life. This movie was horrible, it has ruined a lot of people's lives, and it should be banned. I cannot believe that someone is allowed to make this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has no plot. The plot consists of two plot-less scenes. I did like the fact that the characters had no names, but I think that they should have been given names. This film is one of the worst B-movies I have ever seen.  The acting was pretty bad but they were very predictable and didn't really have much to do with the plot. They just played people who had little to do in the story and then left it to the viewers to decide who they wanted to see killed or saved. The story seemed to be a lot more vague than the plot of "The Exorcist" (the last great B-movie). The movie seemed to go on forever.  I don't understand why the movie was made and I really feel that it could have been better. It would have been great if it was just about one of those B-films that you can actually enjoy without having a plot, just an intriguing premise that the viewers should enjoy without knowing anything about the characters. The film was just one long piece of crap that you don't know what to think about.  This movie is a complete waste of your time and should be avoided. It's an absolute waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It was so boring I almost didn't bother to watch the whole thing. The acting was very uninteresting, and the plot didn't make sense at all. All of the characters were so unlikable that it was a chore to watch them. The movie has been released on DVD by Warner Bros. for a "limited" release, but it still has to be seen to be believed. The DVD has the complete version of the movie and it does not have the director's commentary. If you want to see the DVD version of this movie, you'll need to pay $40.  If you don't mind the fact that the DVD has to have a commentary, you can get it from a video store, but make sure you ask for it. It's a bad idea to rent the movie just because you like it, but if you're going to rent it, buy it from the video store that has it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie made to look like a real movie, but doesn't hold a candle to the actual film. It's a little like the "Screaming in the dark" or "The Naked Gun" films - except that it was supposed to be a horror film. But somehow the "plot" and characters don't seem to work. The director and the actors seem to be just trying to come up with a gimmick to make the film work, and that just makes the whole thing go downhill.  The only reason this is so bad is that it's actually just a movie made with cheap CGI - not even the best CGI. The action scenes are pretty lame, but the CGI in the "tourist" segment is probably the worst of all.  It's really not worth watching this film, and the only reason I'm giving it three stars is because it has a lot of "wacky" ideas. If you're looking for a fun horror flick, look somewhere else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A typical "mature" action movie, with no real plot to speak of, and little more to be done to the characters than to put them through a series of slapstick gags.  But that's not the worst thing about it. There is something terribly annoying about this movie.  The actors (all male) are so good that the movie never takes itself seriously. It's just another action movie where everyone is fighting in the name of the "god" (or something like that) and there's not much plot to back it up. It just has no point.  I'm not joking. It was so obvious that the only reason I thought the movie was good was because of the actors' performances.  It's also so dull and predictable that it could have been a movie made for children and the only way it could be "adult" is by having the actors act as if they were adult (acting is not an adult thing, but this movie was obviously made for kids).  I wouldn't recommend this movie, and I don't even think it deserves to be mentioned in any movie discussion because it really does not deserve to be in any genre at all. It should have been named "The Bad God Movie." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is truly baffling to think that a film about a serial killer could possibly be rated so low on IMDb.  There are so many things that could be wrong with this film, it is almost unfathomable. For example, why would a serial murder specialist, who is supposed to have been in his mid-20s, kill off the young man in question and not his own son?  It just doesn't make sense. Why did the film not reveal this? And why is the murderer's brother and sister, who are actually detectives, not called in to help? The film seems to be very poorly edited, with the character's face being turned in to a blurry version of what they were before they were killed, with their eyes not showing in. I found it very odd that in one scene a character is seen looking at a photograph, that is not visible on screen. There are other oddities. The murder weapon is a gun that looks very like an iron, but it is clearly made of wood, not metal. How was it made? The murder victim looks extremely frail and old, it looks like he has lost a great deal of weight, but is that from starvation? The killer has no beard, no mustache, no neck hair, but the killer's brother is a bald guy.   Overall, the film seems incredibly amateurish and lacking in professionalism. There is absolutely no way to explain what is going on, what the killer was thinking, why he killed, and why he is even still alive, and that is just the tip of the iceberg. It was just plain bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so boring that you have to keep watching it. It's just a bunch of old man talking on the phone. They don't even bother to look in the mirror. The actor doesn't even make any sense in the movie, but it is entertaining. This movie made me sick.  It's really bad. I can't believe it was made in 1983. I watched it once, and it was terrible. Now, I'm hoping this movie is made up for as a joke, but even then it is still boring. It should have been made in 2000. I guess they are still making movies like this, and this is the only movie I can remember making so much as a bad joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're a fan of a cheesy movie like this, I'd like to suggest you stop reading the negative review. It's a very long movie, but the first half hour alone I spent on it was unbearable. The characters are stupid and the acting is awful.  There are two endings, but they're both pretty lame.  It's just not a good movie, and I'd suggest skipping it unless you're looking for something completely different. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this film is so popular with people who think that movies should be made by people who aren't able to make them. I have a friend who's a director and she is one of the few who can make a film, but she's just not that kind of director. She just likes to have a little fun, and when I told her I was going to see this film, she didn't even want to watch it. I told she I'd like to see her do a better job if she made a bad film. She said "No, I don't want to make a bad-looking film." So I decided I'd just wait until the DVD was released. I guess I wasn't the only person who thought this was a bad piece of work. I'll never know if she had been too busy making it to finish it. But it was released on DVD, and that is no excuse for anyone to watch this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first film I've ever seen that made me feel so miserable. I don't care if the story is predictable, predictable, not predictable at all, and that makes me happy. But the movie is so terrible I can't watch it without hating it. It just looks awful, the actors are completely miscast and the story isn't anything like anything I've seen in any other horror movie.  I can forgive them if they made this movie in 1995. I mean, it's pretty obvious that this movie was made in 1995, because there was absolutely no CGI when they showed it in 1992. This movie is a waste of time for anyone who can't tell a good horror movie from a bad horror movie or vice versa. It's a waste.  If you like movies where the heroes get the girl and get killed, this is not a good movie. If you want a movie that doesn't give a crap and makes you feel like you're watching an episode of the Twilight Zone, this isn't a good film. I can understand that they made a movie like this for a lot of money, but they should've spent a little more money on their other movies.   I give this movie a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A typical story from the late 70s. Not even a half decent film. Some of the dialogue sounded as if it had been written by a 14 year old. It was a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is based on a novella by G.B. Cohen, who is a good storyteller but not a good movie director. It is not a "horror" movie but a horror movie in the "horrors" category.  It is an example of how bad movies can be made without a proper plot and without a great story.  The story is about a family that has lost everything they once had. It makes no sense, because there is no plot, and the story is a bunch of horrible things that happen in a sequence. The characters are horrible people that can't be believable. They are supposed to be intelligent, but are stupid. They do horrible things and are stupid to do so.  I would like to give it 1/10. It has no potential to be anything other than a 1/5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know if anyone has ever seen this movie before. I have, and I just thought I'd warn you to stay away from it, since it's just so bad. It's basically just an endless stream of lame jokes, badly written dialog, and a bunch of characters who are just so bland and lifeless that it's easy to forget what's going on at all. There are some funny bits, and the cast is good, but it's a very unmemorable film. There's also a very weak ending which, honestly, was the only thing that could save this film.  The cast was bad, and they don't even have names for the characters (it was an actual audition, I'm not sure who played who). The movie itself was basically one long "plot", with nothing to hold interest for the viewer (it's not a good idea to have a movie without anything to watch, because that means the movie is not "real").  The whole thing feels like a series of lame, poorly-written, and poorly-animated shorts. And I mean, if you're gonna be so lazy as to put your audience through such a movie, I really don't want to see it again.  If you're interested in a movie with some good-looking people talking, or a good-smelling movie with a good script, I suggest you stick to a movie like "Dirty Dancing", "The Karate Kid", or "The Blues Brothers". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to this movie when it came out because it looked so intriguing. But, what happened? The story is basically one big "WTF!?" to the viewer. You'll feel like you're watching a video from the 70's. The script is pretty terrible, especially the ending. The cinematography looks like it was shot in the early 90's, when the actors could barely hold their own in a horror flick. I'm a little annoyed by the fact that it comes from a film that is a direct sequel to the original, but it was so poorly made that it doesn't even make sense. The ending is so nonsensical, it makes me wonder if the writer even knows what the movie is about.  There is no redeeming quality to this film. I don't even think it has a plot, the movie has no point. I could easily see myself skipping this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever. The plot is so pointless that it makes it hard to believe that this movie was ever made. This movie is filled with plot holes, and is very boring to watch. It is simply a poorly made attempt at an "action movie". It is very strange that this film was made in Japan and that it is only available in Japan. Why is it not available in the US? Why does it not have an English title? Why is the title in English? What is this film made of?  The movie has nothing to do with "Jungle Fever", the movie that the director is supposed to be directing. The story has absolutely nothing to say to make it worth watching. There are no twists, no mysteries, and absolutely no real plot. The only reason to watch this movie is if you are looking for an excuse to see "Jungalicious". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're a big fan of the Star Trek series, you will definitely be disappointed with this flick. The movie is filled with too much melodrama, pointless character interactions and really lame special effects. I think that some of the scenes in the movie would have worked better if the cast was different. There is no need to put up with this kind of drivel. I mean, it's just not funny, and I'm sure some fans of Star Trek will be offended by it.  I'm giving it 2 out of 10. You can probably watch the rest of the movies that have been released so far, but be careful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only describe this movie as a waste of time. I thought that this movie was going to be funny, but it was not funny at all. All I can say is that it was just plain stupid. I am a comedy writer, and I have watched this movie many times in the past. But this movie had to be one of the worst comedy movies I've ever seen.  My rating for this movie is a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad attempt at a horror movie that fails to do anything but make people feel like idiots in a very long film. It's so bad, it almost feels like a bad remake of a bad TV movie, except that it has no actual scares.  It has a ridiculous title, has no sound track, and only has one real horror ending (but the rest is awful), and its plot is so nonsensical that it's almost impossible to understand. It does not even attempt to scare you, it just makes you feel stupid for even watching it. The characters have no motivation or drive, and most of them end up getting killed or even worse. The only thing that keeps you watching is the title and the fact that it was directed by Robert Englund.  The only reason to see this movie is if you're looking for a cheap thrill or are a masochist looking to watch a movie that is so poorly made, it's a wonder that nobody has tried to do it with a real cast. I'll give them credit for making the "Stick Out" poster, but not as much as for this stupid mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem with this film is that there's no character development whatsoever, no real reason for the characters to exist, nothing interesting to watch. There's nothing interesting about any of the characters (the only exception is a girl named Kim). The only character that matters is a bad-looking girl who is the only one with any personality or interest in the movie. She's never even seen on the screen. There is no reason for her to exist in the film, and she is a completely unnecessary character that is probably just supposed to make the film look interesting. I could watch the movie for hours and hours without any enjoyment whatsoever, because there's nothing compelling about it. I think there was a reason why this film was originally made and it had nothing to do with Kim, but I've never heard of it. This movie is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so bad that even though it is only 10 minutes long, it is very hard to understand how the actors made it so unbearable to watch. I know it is the writer's fault, but the actors should have had better preparation. I just wanted to watch some good movies but it is so boring that I cannot even think about the plot. The only thing that can make this movie a little better would be to remove the actors' names from the script and just call it "I Love You".  This movie is so hard to watch that I have to wonder why they would make it. There are no laughs in this movie and the story is so badly put together. Even though the actors did not really act well, the script made up for it by using actors who are great actors and do not deserve to be on a movie like this. I really wanted to hate the film, but I just could not bring myself to watch it.   I was expecting a comedy, and I got a movie that is actually a comedy. I would suggest not to watch this film if you are looking for something to watch with your friends. This movie only makes the characters seem so unlikable that you just want to get rid of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a movie about the "good guys" fighting against "bad guys", you will be disappointed. The film is not worth your time. It is not even worthy of a mention.  This movie is a waste of your time and I'm sorry to say it. If you're going to watch it, please do it when it's not so busy, and don't spend more than an hour.  If this movie was made in 1985, it would have at least a 5/10, at best a 4/10. It's a waste and I don't want to waste your time on it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made with the intention of being a parody of "Star Wars" and I think that it succeeded in that. However, I just can't get into it. The plot and plot holes are endless. It's like it was made by people who knew absolutely nothing about the "Star" series or the "KH" series, but felt they needed to use "Star".  The only redeeming factor is the fact that the voice acting is good. I'm sorry to say that this movie is not funny. The only thing funny is that people are so stupid. This movie is really boring, and there is nothing redeeming about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very, very bad movie.  If you're expecting a story, a lot of plot, and some decent acting, this isn't for you. There is absolutely no plot, nothing is interesting. There are only two characters. One is a villain (a killer), the other is a bad guy (a thug). The only thing that gets interesting is when they're fighting each other. It's just not worth watching. There's not much to it. The acting is really, really bad. The direction, direction, directing... the whole movie looks like it was made in a college dorm room.  The worst thing about the movie is the music. It sounds like an amateur band with bad equipment.  So, if you want to watch a really, REALLY bad movie, go watch "The Dead Pool". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I am going to write a negative comment about this movie: The script is completely stupid, the acting is awful and the directing is so unprofessional that it makes you think it is a movie from another country. The movie is so long that you end up getting bored of it. The special effects are really bad, it just looks like something from the 70s.  The movie doesn't make sense, even the characters don't make any sense. The plot is completely meaningless.  Don't even think about watching this movie. The only reason to watch it is to get a headache. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie when I was still young and I never liked it then I got older and watched it more then again and I still don't like it but this movie is so boring and stupid that I would never watch it again even if I were rich enough to get to see it again. This movie has nothing to do with the original movie that I remember watching in my early years. I really don't know why this movie was made. It's just too stupid to make me feel any emotion. I just want to see a movie that has a little more substance. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this in the theater and thought I had seen it before.  However, I am a big fan of the late '90s Disney TV series "Trouble with the Curve." I watched it twice and the second time, I couldn't believe that I had actually seen it.  And then I found out that it was based on a series of books. I had never read any of them, but I knew that "Tropical Wonderland" was one of them. I was going to rent it but I decided to just wait until I got the DVD. I ended up watching the DVD and it's the worst movie I've ever seen. The only reason I can give it this rating is because it's in 2 parts, so I don't know how much time is spent on the parts.  I have to admit that I watched the 2nd half more because I'm tired and I'm in the middle of the movie. The story is predictable and it has some really bad acting. The plot is weak and there's no humor. It's so bad that I almost felt sorry for the director of this movie. It has an almost "cute" art style to it. There are no funny people and the acting is awful. It looks like the guy who did the cinematography was really drunk and made it look like he was drunk while the cinematographer was just doing his job.  The animation was a bit better. The action scenes were just not believable and there was no story. The characters were uninspired.  Even worse is the fact that they had to show the entire cast on the island, and then it was all cut off to show them all alone in the hotel room in the movie when they were all together in the original book. I'm so disappointed that this movie even existed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it was an interesting idea but it seemed to have very little to do with the original film.  The film is not really funny or interesting and there's hardly any plot. All of the jokes just get lost in a muddle of meaningless lines. It's a shame, really.  I can only guess how this happened. It was just too dull. I think it might have been a director who was struggling to come up with something new. I hope they got the idea from a good movie. But this film should not be seen as a serious film, it's just a series of lame, uninteresting scenes. I just hope that the producers will make a proper version of this movie which has some kind of a plot and something else to make it interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so terrible, it made me wonder if I would actually do something like this. I mean I am a person who can turn a movie into a decent watch, but this one just wasn't even remotely entertaining. There was absolutely no plot, character development, character relationships or anything remotely interesting about it whatsoever. This is the worst movie I've ever seen, and the only time I've seen it in the theater.  It wasn't just the boring and bland acting, but the movie itself was pretty bad, too. The script was pretty boring, too, and that's saying something. It was a really slow, boring and really slow-moving, so I couldn't really enjoy the movie.  This is a really bad movie, and I really don't know what the hell was going on at all. It didn't seem to have anything to do with the actual movie that it was made in, and everything seemed to revolve around the director, the actors and the crew. I just felt like I was watching a very long and very pointless movie. That's the only reason why it sucked, because I just didn't feel anything for the characters. I can't believe that a movie could make me hate this movie, I just wanted to laugh.  The only thing that was good about it was the fact that I could really sympathize with the characters, but that's all. The movie really sucked, and not in a good way.  I just hope the director of this movie gets fired, because this movie was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm an avid watcher of the series, and it's the first I've ever seen where the lead character dies. I can't believe it.  So much for that, the movie has some very interesting moments, but I'm so disgusted by the direction and the acting that it really isn't worth watching. This film is just about as pointless as a one-hour drama, which is to say, you might like it, but you shouldn't watch it. There's no way to watch this without watching the series first. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this film is that it is a comedy. In reality it's just a terrible excuse for making fun of a bad comedy. There are several moments where the characters are so out of character that it's hard to care about anything they say. The plot is so devoid of any interest that it really isn't worth watching, and when the film is finally over, it's as if you've just seen nothing at all.  The acting is very wooden, the humour doesn't come through and you can only watch this film because you want to see a bunch of idiots laughing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, there was the "Hippies, Inc" commercial, and then the film itself. Now, if you've seen the film, you know what happened next. A lot of shots and dialog were missing, and I didn't think the movie was supposed to be a parody.  However, I did like a few scenes and found the acting pretty OK. The story was lame, and the acting wasn't particularly good, but still it wasn't a bad film. If you're not going to be in to the satire, you're better off watching the first one (also "Hippy, Inc"). The only thing I didn' have a problem with was the song that played at the end. The music was pretty good, and, to be honest, I actually liked the song, but I still think it's a waste of time.  The only positive thing about this film was the fact that it showed the hippies as good natured, fun-loving, and in many cases even charming. However, the movie itself didn't do much for the character of hippie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like to watch my films in order of what they are actually like.  This film was like a first class movie with all the usual faults, and none of the good ones. I'm disappointed I spent $10.00 on this and I will not be watching this again. I had to go and buy the DVD of this film because I had not seen it yet, and I bought it for a friend who had not watched it, so that is really nice of them.  The only reason I was able to see this is because I was a special guest at the "World Premiere of "Movies Made By Mike Myers" at the South African Film Festival in Johannesburg." That was probably the only reason to see the film.  I think Mike Myers should stick to making films about characters he already knows and know well. I am a huge fan of his work, but I don't see a lot of films that he makes that actually deserve to be called films. I guess his best movie is the one where he is trying to do a comedy, and it doesn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie once. I got the chance to see it on TV. The first half of it was absolutely awful. I felt the need to laugh at it, I was hoping that the first half would get me to think it was actually funny. It didn't.  The movie ended with the guy getting killed. I was so upset I could not stop laughing.  A typical movie that can never be taken seriously. It just wasn't funny. You don't see the guy get killed in the movie. You see the blood, and it doesn't look nice.  If you want to see a movie that looks nice, then you need to get a copy of "The Green Slime" by Richard Simmons. It's a movie from when he was in the WWF. The guy gets his ass eaten by a giant snake, and the guy dies, and then he gets revived. It makes absolutely no sense. It would be a real treat for you if you went and watched this movie. Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the only thing I've ever seen that's made me want to vomit when I watch it. The plot is a pile of bullshit and there's no way to get through the story. The actors don't know how to act and it's pretty apparent that most of them are just using a few lines as their own personal shorthand for the story they're trying to tell.  The movie does have its moments of hilarity. However, if you're not a huge fan of cheesy horror movies then don't bother seeing this film. It's just too bad to waste your time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was disappointed when I saw this film for the first time. My expectations were that a film about a serial killer would be at least somewhat entertaining. I was wrong. It's a pretty disappointing movie, but I was still willing to give it a chance because I thought it could have been better. I'll admit that I'm pretty naive about the kind of movies this film is supposed to be. I thought that it was supposed to have a bit more of a serial-killer theme and would at least be better than most of the other "serial killer" films that have been released in recent years. I assumed that it would be a film that could appeal to horror fans and/or horror film enthusiasts. This film did neither. It was boring, it was not interesting, and it was very predictable. In fact, it wasn't even scary or scary at all. It could have benefited from the "The Silence" (and maybe the "Bloodlust" as well). It didn't even get to the point where it made me want to turn it off and forget it ever existed.  This film doesn't deserve the score of a 3/10. It certainly doesn't warrant the recommendation of a "bad" film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is awful and the movie is completely devoid of anything interesting or original. The only thing worth mentioning is the fact that the characters are played by very young actors. The actors should have learned by now that playing older characters is a bad idea.  If you want a good action movie, buy a copy of the first Matrix movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title is just the best example of a really lame pun. This is one of those movies that only exist because people like to make them. The first half hour was an absolute waste of time. The movie never got out of the first 20 minutes.  The first scene was a few days after the tragic events of 9/11. I felt like this was an attempt to create some sort of "historical" drama. The ending seemed to be a bit rushed, and a bit too close to the actual events to be considered believable. I would not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very unoriginal story about a very uninspiring villain, the whole thing just comes across as a complete waste of time. It is absolutely disgusting. And the character who plays him - who sounds just like the guy in the movie - is totally flat. He's not even remotely convincing as the main villain.  As for the rest of the cast - they are all just utterly, utterly stupid. And I mean totally, utterly, completely stupid. I just can't believe that they are actors and that they have even been hired for this thing. I am sure they are just going through the motions and that is why they don't look so good.  And the music is atrocious. How many times have I listened to a mediocre rock music video without knowing the words to the tune? It is just a complete, utter waste of your time.  There are some scenes which are pretty cool - the guy chasing the girl on the roof, the guy riding the horse - but there are far too many other scenes where I just wanted to kill the actors and go away from them.  In short, it is just not worth the time. A very, very, uninspring, uninteresting, pointless piece of crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful! There is nothing to be learned from this, it is nothing like the TV series or the movie! The characters are so uninspired and so shallow that you can't believe you're actually watching a TV show or movie. There is no tension, no tension at all. Everything goes so fast and there is no way to tell when something will happen or when the movie will actually end! And, the plot itself is so weak that it doesn't even make sense. There's no conflict, no character development, no suspense, nothing!  If you have a problem with violence and gore in movies, then go watch the TV shows and movies that I mentioned earlier! This movie doesn't have that, it just has a bunch of actors that are really, really, ridiculously bad!  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life!  The movie is called 'Dawn of the Dead', and the director of it was Robert R. Lee. The movie has no director credits, and no credit on the IMDb site for this movie.  I give this movie a rating of 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A group of teenage delinquents are all in trouble with the local bullies, and so they get together and try to pull off a robbery that might result in their own gang's demise. In a twist, the robbers are actually the local police and the teenagers are being framed.  The film suffers from so many of the usual problems in films from that genre - overly long shots, shaky camera work, and an extremely predictable plot. The acting is a big disappointment. None of the characters stand out and it's very hard to identify any one character as anything more than a stereotype. There is absolutely no payoff for the entire movie, and the entire film just gets boring after the first 30 minutes. I'm surprised that the film was allowed to get released at all. It is not worth a second look and I hope it's never seen by anyone else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been a big fan of '90s cartoons since I was a kid, but this film is so bad I had to turn it off! It was just awful! The acting was so flat and predictable, and the story was so predictable that it seemed that the animators just made up the story and put it in the cartoon.  The story of the kids is a lot of nonsense and you have to wonder why they weren't writing anything funny about it. This cartoon has to be one of the worst cartoons ever made! I can't believe that a director would have allowed this cartoon to be made and that the production companies allowed this film to be put out.  Please don't make this cartoon, it's just plain stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie itself is pretty funny but the ending is so stupid that it made me want to throw it out. It has all the elements that are great in a bad horror flick, but the writing is so bad that it makes the movie even worse. In the beginning it tries to be funny and it tries too hard, but when the movie gets to the end it just starts to be annoying and the ending ruins the movie. The only good part of the movie is the ending, but if you are looking for a horror movie with a decent ending you are going to be disappointed.  I gave it 3 out of 10 because I think it could have been better but it could not be worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the film on Netflix last night and it was horrible. The acting was awful and the direction was laughable. The story was a bit odd and the plot was not that original. It's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was just about to write this review about "Manhattan Project", and I decided to wait until the end. I waited so long because I was so convinced that this film was going to be great.  It was not. It was an abomination.  The plot was unbelievable, and the acting was very poor. In fact, I actually felt that the actors were just a couple of steps away from being arrested, if not arrested by the authorities themselves. I actually did not like this film. It sucked, and I cannot recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating is a one and a half out of 10, and I've only seen the trailer and no video.  First of all, the premise of this movie is ridiculous. I know that the movie is going to focus on a guy with a problem and the girl that wants to help him, but why did they make the movie about a guy and girl who never actually meet each other? I don't think they could have made a movie without that kind of mistake, especially if they were going to use it as a movie to teach kids about relationships, which is a pretty strange thing to do.  The story is completely unbelievable. I mean, even if they made it true, it would have been at least 10/10, because it would be one of the most unbelievable things I've ever read in a movie. I've never read a bad film in my life, but this one's right up there. It's just a bad piece of work, and not only that, but it's just really annoying. I just don't understand why the two lead actors couldn't pull it together to do a decent job at the job, and the rest of the cast doesn't have anything better to do than make the same movie.  I'm pretty sure that I would have enjoyed this movie less if I'd seen the actual trailer, but at least I'm getting a free copy to watch it, which makes me feel better about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't even know what I was expecting when I saw the first half of this. It's so boring. Nothing in the script really makes sense. No idea how it was made. Not a single character was memorable. No one seemed to be affected by the plot or the script. I really feel like I'm watching a bad "Saturday Night Live" sketch.  I give this a 1/10 because the actors were OK. The director was also pretty good. However, I'm giving this 1/4 because it was a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, and the previous movie I saw this movie in, were about as far removed from the original as they could be. The original movie was a true, unapologetic, and quite entertaining film, and this movie seemed to be an attempt to copy the formula of the original. It wasn't even as good as the original, it was just far worse. The plot, for example, was so weak that I actually started to feel sick just after watching it. It was not funny at all, and if you have the urge to see the original you should avoid this movie.  This is the second in a trilogy of "Dance With the Devil" films that I have seen. In fact, this is the first movie I have ever seen that I felt was just like "Dancing with the Devil", except without the killer music, and with a few more "buddy" characters, that is.  It was a waste of time, and I wish I could have just thrown this movie into the trash can, but I decided to just watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did not like this movie at all. The actors are terrible and the movie is slow, predictable and devoid of anything to make it interesting. The acting is not even half of what it should be, and that's just what I can say about the acting. This movie just does not have a story and there is nothing to suggest anything in this movie. The characters do not have much of a personality and you just don't care about them at all because they are so predictable. The action is also very boring and not really anything that is exciting or funny. You could be in your car and it could be 2 minutes from the time you see the first shot to the time it finishes. The plot was not interesting and the story was not really a story. This was an interesting concept, and it was ruined by the actors and the direction. I cannot recommend this movie because the acting was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the second film in a three part series. I was not impressed. It was like watching a bunch of kids trying to do a play with one hand tied behind their back. I would give this film a 1/10. The plot is not even interesting. There is no suspense, nothing happens and the movie doesn't even have a script. It is just two kids talking about stuff and how they want to kill their parents (I don't know if that actually happened or not.) and how it is going to happen, but the movie is a total waste of time. I can only imagine what this kid's parents thought when they heard that their kids were being killed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so awful that I actually did not know if I had actually watched it or not. The story was so unbelievable and unbelievable that it was difficult to believe that the actors had actually made it up on the spot. I am not a person who does not believe in miracles or that it is possible for God to do anything other than what we think. The entire plot was so convoluted that the movie would have made a great comedy if it weren't for the horrible acting and the fact that I was actually sitting in my seat with a friend who had to be moved to the front of the theater by the time it was over. This movie is just a waste of time. This is not a movie to see if you want to get a laugh, or if you are a serious Christian. The characters are so ridiculous that you'll think the whole movie is a joke. There was not even any hint of a story behind the events. The movie is so badly acted that I think they must have used a bunch of actors and some really dumb sets. The director had a reputation for making crappy films before this one, but that is no excuse for his new movie.  I am giving this movie a 1 out of 10. I was hoping that the director had actually seen the movie before it was released and used it as a basis for the movie. I can only imagine that if they had, they would have changed it a lot. This film was so bad that I would not want to see the director's name on the poster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought I liked this movie because of the way it was shot. I was hoping for some real drama with this film but it just felt so scripted. I mean, the opening scene was pretty cool. Then, the scene where the main character (the kid who's been in trouble with his parents since he was little) and his sister (the sister who's in trouble) were in the same room was not cool. And it's not like the movie is one big, deep plot. I just got the feeling that this movie was just made to be a little funny and cute to have on the couch while watching it.  But the movie was really, really bad. I really wish that they would've made a much better movie. The acting was so-so and the script was so weak. The movie was basically just a bunch of stuff that happened and nothing more. It's like a kids' movie. I know that there are a lot of kids out there who really like this type of movie. But if you want to see a movie about how kids who are too tough for their own good will behave, this isn't the movie for you.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I noticed when watching this film was that it was not a real movie at all. I thought that it looked like it had been done in a computer game and the only difference between it and any other film I've ever seen is the fact that the camera was set at a higher angle.  After that, I had a lot of problems trying to understand the plot and it all got to the point where I was not able to concentrate on the story at all because I was too distracted by the camera. After watching it a few times, I found myself watching it again but not with the same camera angles. I finally had enough of it and went to the library and watched the DVD of the film and realized that I had wasted my time watching this and that the film had absolutely nothing to do with the story line or the characters.  I would have rather not seen the film at all than waste my time and money on it.  It made me feel that the makers had made this movie for no other reason than money and they made it look like it was made for a computer or arcade game. If they had made a movie about a real person and not just about a computer, I would like it even less.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have always been a fan of the "C" movies and this is the first of them I've seen where I'm not even remotely disappointed. The plot is a mess, and the acting is pathetic. It's all over the place. I could have made the movie into a comedy, but that's not even a real comedy. It looks like it was done in a week.  There's a very brief sequence where you hear the sound of someone walking away from the camera. When the camera pans out you can see the silhouette of the person walking away and it looks like they are carrying a box of eggs, but they are actually carrying the eggs out of a box. It sounds like an old black-and-white horror movie, but it's just an old horror movie. The actors don't even seem to know how to act in this film. I've never been this disappointed in a movie.  If you want to see a film with some originality, look at "Halloween II".  If anyone has any recommendations of movies I've missed, please post them in the comments. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really awful, terribly unoriginal and utterly boring "horror" film. The acting is dreadful. The film is made to look as if it were a cheap horror flick but is actually made to be laughable and stupid. And, I mean, the script itself is so completely awful and nonsensical that it's hard to believe anyone who made it. I mean. I don't know if it was the director or the writer, but I think it must have been the director. I could not figure out how he was able to put the same amount of effort into making a film like this as he did into the script.  And, to add insult to injury, the film looks like it was made with a small budget, and the effects looked like they were done on a cheap video camera. And to top it all off, the score sounded awful.  Just awful. It was a total waste of time.  I just didn't like the idea that the film was "horrifying." It was only meant to be a "horrible horror film." It just wasn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie in multiple forms. The first is the movie I remember when it came out, and the other was a DVD I saw that had the "The Adventures of Baron Munchausen" DVD in it. The other one I saw, was called "A Prince Who Walks" (or "The King's Prowess") and the movie was not released on DVD. I think I saw it when it was called the "Royal Family Prowl", but I can't say for sure. The DVD was not good at all, but the movie itself was very disappointing. The actors were not very good either.  Some of the scenes were just so badly done. The music was very uninspired, and that is just one of the things that made the movie a total waste of time. I don't think I've ever seen a worse movie.  The only thing I can recommend, is that if you are not a masochist, watch the first version. It's much better than the DVD version. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was actually a pretty decent comedy. It had a very weak script, awful acting, and a rather wooden script for a comedy. However, it had some interesting moments. The one thing that kept the movie from getting a 10 is the fact that it had a really cheesy title. I think this movie should have gone in the "3 out of 10" category.  This isn't even worth watching. It is an abomination and I don't recommend anyone watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot, the characters, and the direction are all just plain awful. There is no story to speak of, only a few lines about the characters and a few scenes of the setting. The whole movie is about a group of characters trying to escape a prison and killing their way out of it. But there is no character who isn't in prison and is just trying to get to freedom. This is an extremely basic "shameless prison break" movie. It's really sad. I'm sure this is a poorly made and poorly directed movie, but it is a pretty awful movie. I give it one out of 10, not the worst movie ever, but just below the average. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the worst I've ever seen. You might be able to say that it's an older movie, but it's actually a comedy. The problem is that they made the movie about a real situation and there is no comedy.  I'm not even kidding.  The first half of the movie was actually funny and funny. The second half of it was terrible.  My wife and I watched it the first time, then when we watched it again, we laughed. But when we saw it again the third time, we had to watch it again because it was so awful. I don't think anyone would be able find it in a DVD store because it's so terrible. I'm just glad I never rented it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in a theater and I must say, that's the first time I've ever seen an adult film with a very poor rating. I can't even understand why the rating was that low. The acting was so weak and the story was a total joke. It was very sad to see my beloved 'The Lord of the Rings' in such an embarrassing and embarrassing film.  The acting is very obvious and amateurish and I felt that it was a waste of time watching the film. I have never seen a film with such a poor rating and I will never see another such film. What is worse is that the director had no intention of making this film in the first place. The only thing that could have made it a good film is if he was directing a good movie.   The director of this film should have gone back to the drawing board and made a better film. He should have left this film alone. It made no sense to me. I'm sorry to say that I'm disgusted. The film made no effort to be believable. This film should be called 'The Hobbit'. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had seen this movie once on TV before it was released in the UK, and I remember that it had been very good, in the sense that it was much better than it is. It was quite funny, it had great visuals, but it didn't have a real sense of humor, it was too predictable and it had the most irritating music score ever, which is a pity since it had some good bits in it.  I watched it on the BBC when it was first released and was totally underwhelmed. This movie was a complete disaster, the plot was bad, the animation was terrible, the character was a total waste of time and I couldn't really connect to the storyline. I guess the reason why I was so underwhelmet was because it was a low budget, and even though it was low budget it didn''t look good.  It was really disappointing and it was one of the most disappointing movies I've ever seen. I wouldn't recommend it, if you're a big fan of the original movie, I think you'll find it a little more entertaining. But if you want a cheap, stupid, and worst movie I've seen in a long time, then watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so disappointed that this was my first exposure to this terrible horror movie that I actually bought it just to see it again. The acting was poor, the writing was poor and the acting was really bad.  The story is so boring and has no plot whatsoever, there's no mystery or suspense. It just kind of repeats the same boring scenes over and over again. I mean, I can't believe this was made by people. I was expecting something better.  There were some cool moments, like the opening scene with the police. I guess the script was so bad that the writer had to rely on the actor(s) to make it all work. But even there, the movie was really awful. The writing is so bad it's unbelievable that people made it. It's just so terrible and so predictable that I almost laughed when I saw it.  And even the opening scenes with the cops. I have to give it to them, they were a lot better than the opening. I'll give the acting a 9. But I just felt like they had a very short time to prepare and that the movie didn't even try to be all that entertaining. It was just like they tried to be so fast and so cheap.  I think I just lost interest in the movie. I've never seen it since and I just don't want to see the movie again. But it was a great opportunity to see how bad horror movies can really ruin a movie. The movie was so much better when I first saw it and I don't think I ever wanted to see a horror movie again until I saw this one.  Don't waste your time and money on this horror movie. You can watch it for free on YouTube. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The World of a Million Babies" is another piece of rubbish that was made without the slightest idea of a movie. It contains so much that is so obviously made up and so stupid that it is really hard to believe. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I can only give it a score of 4 because it is so stupid and so unbelievable that it deserves a lower score. I guess that I am more impressed by the fact that it was made in 1985 than I am by the quality of the movie itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of weeks ago, I watched this documentary, and found it to be a bit too long and way too long. I felt that it needed to be shorter. But I did enjoy it, because it was so much like the "A Street Punk's Journey". I was expecting this documentary to be much better than it turned out to be. It was so boring and boring.  The actors did not do much to enhance the dullness of the film, which was too long to sit through. I would have liked to see the documentary cut down to two hours. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful, and it's no surprise that I rated it a 3. This is the movie that's been making the rounds in the comments section of my posts on this blog lately. The actors are too wooden, the script is not as good as it could have been, the direction was so bad that it was a surprise that it could be so poorly directed.  I have seen worse, but this was not even remotely close.   There are worse movies out there, but it doesn't deserve this rating.  It's just too bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie, like the movie, is not as well done as you would expect a horror movie to be. There is no real suspense to be found and the story is nothing but a series of jump scares that are mostly unnecessary. I found it to be an extremely unappealing movie that I would not recommend to anyone other than those who are completely unable to distinguish horror from non-horror movies.  I found the story to be absolutely terrible and the acting was not good either. The plot is nothing more than a series where people are in danger and they need to save themselves or others. I have to give the movie credit for being a horror film but it really was not very good. The acting was completely over the top and the cinematography was poor, so that made it an awful film for my eyes to watch.  My advice is to ignore this movie and just avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to give it 2 stars because the movie was okay and the characters were interesting.  The problem is that the movie had no story and the story wasn't important. The whole movie was just a bunch of random things that happened to the characters and you just got lost and never got to know why the characters had their problems.  I guess that's what a movie is like. It's like an old story from a magazine. It is very, very boring.  A movie with nothing to it but just a story and a bunch more people acting as if they were in a movie.   I'm going to give the movie 3 out of 10 because I really didn't care about the characters, but I gave it 2 because of the actors. They didn't make the movie a fun movie to watch. I gave this movie 2 out of 4 because it's not like a horror movie where the people who are really scary get to kill people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off I don't think anyone with a brain in their head could say "I like this movie, I don' t think it was made for me, but I think it's worth watching" and then to have this movie made for you. This movie just does not make sense, if you were to ask me to make a movie I wouldn't do it. This is just a bunch of shots of people with the same face, not the same story, not a good movie.  I thought the movie was going to be "epic", but I just think the story doesn't work. The director didn't know what was going on, so he had to give us the characters and their thoughts. The actors are either so annoying, or just so annoying that they don't know how to act in a movie. I'm not a movie critic, I just like to watch movies and I think I'm the only one that could say this movie isn't good. I wish this movie was just a movie about the movie "The Sandlot". I would like to see the movie that is a bigger hit than this one because the movie should have a whole story line, and not just one or two characters talking.   The director should be fired for this movie. The movie was only about the characters, not how they were made into a movie, and if the director wants to do a movie he should have that in mind, not just some stupid movie. There are plenty of movies where the characters act like crap. This was the worst one I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a time when people don't give a damn about anything, why bother to watch anything with this director? How many times have we all had to sit through this film? This is the worst excuse for a film I have ever seen. It's so bad it actually makes me feel sorry for the director. I mean come on, what's the point of making this film if it's going to make you cry? It's like you made a short film and decided to turn it into a feature film. It sucks.   I gave it 4/10. That's about as good as I can expect from a film like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think I can really comment on a bad film but I can comment on how this movie was released. The movie was filmed in the summer of 2001, when the Internet was still in its infancy, and was a very limited release to a few film festivals and then eventually a wide release. This meant it only had to reach an audience that could easily get to the theater. It was not even available on DVD or Blu-ray so people had to get their hands on the film to see if it was even worth it. The DVD and Blu-rays are both available and the DVD is probably the worst of the bunch.  In spite of this, I have to say that I really liked this movie. The acting is bad, the plot is weak and the plot isn't even coherent. The plot is very formulaic. I mean, it's just a bunch of guys who are in the movie and what's the big deal? There are some great bits of acting in the film, but that's about it. I know some people won't like this because they want to see something they've never seen before, but don't let the fact that this movie is bad excuse you for not seeing it.  This movie is a total waste of time. If you want to watch a movie about two guys who do not have a clue about the future of the world, this is a great movie. However, if you want a film about a couple of guys whose main character is a bad actor, watch something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Shout to the audience! The film was shot in a small movie theater, it was just too small to accommodate the number of people who wanted to see it. I got the best seats but my seat was only a couple of feet away from the edge of the screen. I was so scared I could not even watch the movie. I saw the movie but I did not enjoy it.  My biggest complaint is the fact that this movie was made for people to laugh and not to see a movie. That's what they make movies for. They make movies to be watched. Not to see how they got made. I have seen the first "Shooting Stars" movie.  The acting was bad, the story was terrible, the direction was so weak, the costumes were ugly and the lighting was not good. I had to see that movie to see the movie and I saw that movie. The movie was an embarrassment.  I just saw this movie because it was so good I couldn't tell anyone else what a waste it was. I just want to say that if you are going to make a movie and you are doing it for people who want to see movies for entertainment, stop making movies that people won't like to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing to say about this movie. It is a waste of time and it really did not capture my interest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I can say is that this movie has been so badly made that I had to watch it twice to get the last 30 minutes in. The director was too quick to get on camera and make the movie seem very real, but there were too many actors and actresses in the movie who were not in the story and who were just there to make the characters look interesting and have the movie make sense.  The movie starts with a helicopter that is flying through a city at night and crashes into a building. It is shown that the helicopter is actually in a hospital, where the doctor is trying to get to the top floor to take care of a patient and the pilot is the doctor. The pilot has been in a coma since he crashed into the building, and he wakes up, and there is no doctor there. Then the pilot gets to the bottom floor and has to kill the doctor and then kills the nurses and the doctor's daughter. Then he gets to a room where the patient is in the coma, and the nurse has been trying to kill him all day. The nurse is shown to have tried to kill her husband when he got in her room, but he manages to get away from her and gets killed by the doctor on the hospital floor. The movie just goes from one tragedy to another until it comes back to the pilot, who is in a pool of blood and is being injected with an antidote to the blood that he is giving off, and decides to get out of the hospital and kill the nurse. After he kills the nurse he decides to go back into the hospital room, and kills the doctor, but gets killed in the process. The other nurses and doctor all get killed. He kills the pilot. The helicopter gets back to base and crashes, and then he gets back up and the helicopter crashes into the base. The rest of the movie follows this same pattern, except that the pilot comes back and tries to get back to his helicopter, and is killed by one of the marines. The only other character who shows some promise in the film is the pilot's daughter who goes back to her father's room and gets stabbed by her father. She dies a few seconds later. The scene in the hospital where the helicopter has crashed and the girl is being stabbed, the girl gets stabbed in the shoulder by the nurse who was trying to stab the girl. The girl gets killed a few minutes later.  In the end the movie ends with the helicopter being blown up by the marines
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of kids from Brooklyn are about to embark on a trip to visit their relatives in Scotland, and when they get stuck in the middle of a blizzard, they decide to leave the ship and find their own way. The plan goes awry and a blip goes wrong in the fog, and everyone starts to get killed by wolves. It's a pretty lame plot, since it really has nothing to do with the characters' experiences.  The acting is terrible (with the exception of the kids' love interest) and the script is weak. The only reason to watch this film is because of the music.  It is not even a good comedy, just a lame attempt at a horror flick. The movie has one of the most predictable endings ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just got through seeing this, and the worst of it was that I had to sit through the whole thing, but I am happy I did. It wasn't funny at all, and it didn't even bother to make me smile once. It made me feel like the movie was made in a time when there wasn't any internet to talk about the movies or to watch it. It was just this low budget video game with some crappy acting and terrible music. The only redeeming thing about it was the fact that it had a great ending, but then it ended with a big twist. I can't even remember what the ending was about. It is probably just one of those movies where you know what the movie is about, and you have to sit and watch it without ever knowing what is happening. But I can say for sure that I didn't enjoy it, and I was disappointed to see it in a theater.  I'm sure if they made this movie in the late 90's they would have made it much better, but unfortunately they didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just a bunch of old people talking about how great it was. I hate to admit it, but I just got off a flight and missed the movie. This movie should have been called "How I Learned to Fly". In fact, the entire movie is about how awesome the movie was. It's not even a movie, it's a movie about the way old people talk about movies. It really made me sad to watch it.  This film is just terrible. It isn't even funny. If you're going to watch this movie, please don't. Just don't waste your time. If it was any other movie, you would have had to pay over 100 dollars for it. It cost about $1. The movie had an A, so I wouldn't have minded. I just wish I hadn't wasted my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was an embarrassment to the entire genre of horror films. I cannot understand why there is such a large audience for this kind of film.  The movie was not scary at all, and there were some scenes that were absolutely not funny at all. The acting was horrible. Even though the movie was a box office hit, I could not help but wonder what was the point of this. I know that the actors were talented, but I'm sure that the producers had no idea how to make a movie like this.  I give the movie a 2 out of 10. If you are a horror fan, then stay away from this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was so bad it was a joke. The plot was so awful and unbelievable that you thought it was real. There were two main villains that were so awful that you just wanted to punch them in the face. I can't say I laughed. You know, it was just me and the two girls, not some random dude. It was like they had been in a car accident and there were no words in the movie to explain the situation. You can't do that. You have to be able to explain everything in a movie.  The acting was just awful, especially the girls' acting. I've never seen a movie where the two main girls acted so poorly. In one scene, the girls were making out with each other, and when they turned around the other one was in the other girl's place. I have never seen such a poor acting performance.  I'm guessing that it wasn't worth watching, and I'm assuming the producers made a bad script and had no idea how to make the movie any better. I'm not sure if they even knew what a movie was supposed to be, or if they were just bored with the movie and decided to try to make it good. I guess you can't make a movie that sucks.  If they were making a horror movie about a serial killer, they would have done a much better job of making the killer scary. But instead, they made it just another serial killer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing the previews for this film I knew there was no way it could live up to its billing. There was only one way I could see it - in the original DVD. The problem was that when they made the DVD a new version was made and the original one was made off DVD.  I bought the original version and watched it. But after watching it again, I saw what they did - the new version. It was worse. Not only was it worse - it was missing out on a lot of the best parts of the original movie. I didn't like it at all and I felt cheated because they ripped it off so badly. It is just as bad as the original, except there was one little bit in the DVD version that was worse than the original.  The original DVD has a good ending. This one has a lame ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen it, it's really bad.  First off it was in black and white, and it was awful, but in color, and when it was colored it was terrible. Then the writer had a bunch of plot lines that were completely unbelievable.  I don't know what to say other than it was so, so, and I could just tell that it was bad. I can't think of anything else to say because I'm already bored of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst horror movie I've seen in my life. The acting was poor, the story line wasn't very well written and the action scenes were horrible. I have no idea why a studio would give a horror movie a budget of this amount of money. It would have been better if they gave it the budget of the new Twilight Zone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no way to review this movie, but I'm sure it's not good. I mean, it's probably the worst movie I've ever seen. It was boring, uneventful and just plain boring.  I'm not really sure why it made it to theaters in the first place. There was no script, no direction, no dialogue, no story, nothing at all. This movie was made to sell DVDs, which is about the best thing a movie can do. It's a shame that they didn't even bother to give the movie any decent editing. It just went all over the place.  The actors, who do try to be funny, were completely unimpressive. I would have really liked to see them try to act with a script, but they seemed to have no idea how to even do that.  My favorite part was when the "director" (as in, the person who made this movie) made a stupid, lame joke about how a certain actor looks.   I can only give this movie 1/10. I think they were just trying to make a quick buck, and didn't care if it sucked or not. It looks like they had no intention of making a decent movie at all, which would make them more likely to actually make the DVD extra, but that would have taken at least a couple of months. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Last Dance" is a film about a couple and their son, who meet each other at the prom and have to leave the house together.  I know it's supposed to be a comedy but it just isn't. It's a mess. The actors aren't funny. It is so bad I could watch it over and over. I know that I would be annoyed and it would just make me angry. I could do with a comedy like this one just once in my life, so I'm willing to pay to watch it once. But I'm just not willing to watch any more of this film. The dialog was really bad. You can tell that this was filmed on a low budget and the actors could have done better. This isn't a good movie to watch with friends and family. It should be banned from being shown in theaters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so excited to see this movie, I got to see the original version of the movie which was just a glorified version of "The Empire Strikes Back", and I was hoping for a decent sequel to that. This movie is a total disappointment. It's a complete waste of time and money.  I can only assume the writer/director didn't know what he was doing. In the original, they used all the scenes from the original "Star Wars", which was way better than this movie. There was one scene where the character says the line "It was all just a dream". That was way too long to include in the movie. The special effects are not good, there's no humor and the characters are so boring that it was really difficult to care about them. This film was an embarrassment.  This film would have been a lot better if it had been made a year or two earlier.  The acting was so poor that it actually makes me wonder if the movie was made to be released as a low budget "Empire Strikes Back". I'm guessing that this movie was meant to be made for the fans of the original film, but the fans would have seen it as an embarrassment, and probably would not have seen the sequel. This was probably made just for the TV's. The movie could have been made much better if they just made a full length "E.T." movie, and then just had the kids play "Easter Egg".  I'm not sure if this movie is meant to have a "trail" to be followed by other "Empires Strikes Back" type movies. I guess that's what people were expecting, but I don't know if the sequel is supposed to be a "second" Empire Strikes back. I'll never know if I missed the original movie, or if the original was made for TV's and it was released as an "Era Strikes Back." I just think the original should have stayed the course. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like this movie, but I was very disappointed to find it in the "Top 10 Worst Movies" section. This is just a bad attempt at an action flick with a terribly slow plot and awful acting. The story is so unbelievable that it doesn't even make sense, and the acting is so bad that you might have thought the whole movie was made by a third grader who only had to watch it once. The movie should have been rated higher, because it could have made a decent movie.  In the end, the plot is so weak that the movie is about the same as a horror movie, with the same story and the same effects, but in the same garbled audio.  It should have made the list of the 10 worst movies. I guess that's what people with too much time on their hands look for.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original idea behind the movie was to have a "lost movie" featuring a group of soldiers and their families and the whole cast was killed during a "mission" and a couple of months later the family gets a hold of this tape. The movie begins to be more and more unbelievable as the movie progresses and by the end we're not sure if we're watching a ghost movie or the reality show. The acting was terrible and even the special effects were laughable, especially when the helicopter in the background gets destroyed by a car wreck. This movie would've been great if the story wasn't so unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very bad movie. Very lame. It was so much better than "The Room".  There are several scenes that are so ridiculous and so pointless that I just couldn't care less. I wish that this movie was a parody of a bad movies.  And it would have been so much funnier if they didn't use a voice-over, and I didn't laugh so hard.  I guess that they didn 't think that the movie was too much.  This movie is like "The Woods", except in a bad way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a very, very long and tedious mess of no plot or interesting characters. The only thing that kept me interested in it was the idea of "dynamite", which could be an explosive mixture.  The film contains an actor who looks exactly like he's from the late 50's and 60's and he's supposed to be an old friend of the lead actor, who looks like he was from the 70's. The film looks like a poorly made, amateurish piece of trash and I would really recommend you to avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is terrible. The movie was so badly made that it almost felt like the writer had never read any of the book's pages.  The acting was atrocious and I can't even tell what the story was supposed to be about. I could only make out that the main character was the "leader of the Underground", who was responsible for all of the murders and kidnappings.  In all fairness, the acting was actually pretty good considering the script was so bad. But the movie just sucked. I mean, the movie didn't have the ability to be entertaining. I'm really surprised the movie even made it to DVD. If it had been released in 1999 or 2001, I think it would have been a 2/10.  And that's a really bad movie. I think I'll be giving it to my kids to burn. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a slow and uninspired mess that didn't have much to do with the first two movies in the series.  In fact, this movie was so boring I could've sworn I was watching the first movie, not this new one.  I couldn't believe this was a TV movie, it was more like a video game, and that's no fun at all. I can't believe they even made this film.  A movie like this would be good if it was a comedy, but I didn't laugh once during the whole movie.  Even the best TV movie I've ever seen is better than this one. This movie is just like any other video game. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was pretty uninteresting. The plot was terrible, the characters were flat, the setting was so bland. It was just so boring. It's not a very good movie, but I don't think the actors would have made much of a difference anyway. I don''t know if anyone saw this movie. I was wondering why I never saw it before, and when I saw it, I got all the answers. It is just so uninteresting and boring.  I just don''n't know why this movie exists. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the most painful I've ever seen. And yet I am so angry at its blatant disregard for the rules and values of a truly great movie: that I could not stop myself from watching it. I mean, the acting is awful, the story is stupid and the characters don't feel believable. This is a terrible movie, and I would advise anyone who loves the classics to watch this movie, then turn it off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen many films in my lifetime that were quite good. This one is one of the worst I have ever seen. I found it so offensive I could not believe I was watching it. I mean, what the heck is this? Why did this thing exist? Why is the lead actor playing a man who has a big mouth, so it was appropriate that he talks to a woman who is married to a man. He is a guy who loves to read, so I assume that he would talk about books. So, I was shocked to see a movie where the lead character was a big man who loved books and loved women. And the woman was a woman, so that makes it OK? Well, I guess not.  This is one case where I was really confused because I knew there was some sort of connection to the character, but the whole thing just wasn't there. The story was just not there. There was nothing to make the story interesting, so, I didn't even care. I could watch it for 10 minutes, and then I would be bored.  I was not able to find any positive reviews about this movie on the internet, because, as I said, the internet is not for film reviews.  If you want a bad, lame film, this is the film for you. I give it 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not a good movie, but it is definitely a very cheap attempt to make a horror film. It's not a great movie, and not particularly good at horror, but I really want to say that it was worth seeing, but you have to be a bit careful. I was pretty disgusted at the end, I was so angry I could barely breathe. I don't think anyone in their right mind would watch this movie, it's really just an attempt at making a cheap horror movie.  If you can't look at anything else in this movie and just want a cheap movie to see then I'd suggest that you just watch something else. This movie will probably be your worst nightmare, but if you're in the right mind you will find it just as boring as the rest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is interesting, but the story does not work. The characters are wooden, and the movie's pace is so slow that it is impossible to follow the story line without getting lost in the middle of the story.  The script was good, but it did not capture the essence of the original story. A few characters are good, some are very weak. Some of the dialog is terrible. This movie should not have been made.  This movie is a complete waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character is a bad actor who acts like a man. The only saving grace is that it is very short. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is boring, slow, badly paced and very poorly acted. I would give it 1 out of 10, but I'm an avid sci-fi fan, so I found myself going out of my way to watch this one. It's the worst film I've ever seen from a B-movie director. The action scenes were uninspired, and the script was full of spelling mistakes. The only thing that saved it was the great cast and a couple of scenes that made me laugh.  This movie is a waste of your time.  The director has said that it's a film he wishes he could have made, but he could not have made it any worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts out with a montage of images and clips from the past. This montage is repeated until the film cuts away. After a few minutes, the film starts back to the beginning, but we never get to see the scene that the film had cut away from. So much for the start. It's not clear what happened in the original scene, or why the movie is made to look so much like the movie I saw when I was a kid.  A lot of the acting was so bad, it made the movie even worse. I'm not sure what the reason for that is. Perhaps it's just that there are a lot of actors who don't really have the acting skill to make movies. This movie doesn't hold up well to other movies with better acting. It was probably intended to be a kids' movie, but I'm sure the director did not want the film to look like a kids movie.  The plot was so boring and uninteresting, I found myself wanting to get my parents to watch it and I wish I hadn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film that is nothing to do with the theme of the movie, or even the movie. The movie is basically a series of scenes, all of them with the same story and the same acting. The plot is predictable, the characters are bland, the story is nothing but a series or two of shots (or a few scenes) that can't be trusted. The story line for the main character is just as predictable as the story line behind the movie's premise, which is why it's so bad. The entire movie is a series in which the main characters do nothing but scream and moan and cry (or maybe not cry, maybe not scream). It is a movie that, if you can get through the first 10 minutes, should probably be rated a 2/10. If you can, it's not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about this movie is that it stars an actor named Ron Silverman, who can't seem to be a director that doesn't do any better. Ron Silvermann is an overrated actor who made a career out of writing stupid movies. He makes the most out of the scripts he was given and, unfortunately, he doesn't seem able to write a good script himself.  The acting is terrible and I can't say anything positive about this, but I'll give the movie the benefit of the doubt. Ron is a good actor and the story is lame. If I were the producer, I would have fired this guy years ago, because he was one of the worst actors of all time. He's not a good enough writer to make this a decent movie. The acting and story are just okay. The story isn't bad, but the acting is not good enough to make the story work. Ron was given a bad script and, by the end of the movie, you are just bored.  As for the movie itself, the story was bad, the acting was bad and the directing was awful. The only reason the movie isn't a 1 is that Ron Silvermans acting is good enough for me to give the film a 0.   Ron Silvermason should be cast as a bad guy. That would actually be a better movie to watch than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really like this movie, but unfortunately it's not a comedy or even a romantic comedy. It's a bad remake of the classic "Love Me, Love My Wife". The actors are terrible, the script is awful, and the acting is bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good part was the ending, but otherwise I had to turn it off. It is so bad I am actually thinking of writing a negative comment about it. I really like movies, but this one made me hate movies again.  And the other people who saw this movie should take their own advice. If you are going to watch this movie, make sure you turn it on before you watch it. If the last scene bothers you, turn it to something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First time I saw the trailer, I thought it looked pretty cool, but it wasn't until I watched the film that I realized the hype was overblown.  The film is so far removed from the source material that it's as if it's a different movie. You don't really learn anything new about the events, you're just left wondering if the director knew anything about the original novel.  For starters, it would've been a nice treat to see a real story about the characters you know and love, but this movie was just a waste of everyone's time.  I really want to hate this movie, but I can't because I don't like it.  In the end, the director made the movie worse than what it started out as. The only positive I can give it is that the trailer was really cool. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am just going to say I am really disappointed in this movie. It's not funny or entertaining. I can only give it a 1/10. It has no redeeming qualities. This is an extremely low budget comedy that lacks any story or substance. It is very poorly made and the whole thing just seems very strange. I found the story and plot very lame and I found it difficult to get into. I think this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  I just want to be able to laugh at something that I am genuinely interested in and the rest of the movie doesn't provide. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's one of the worst comedies I have ever seen. If you've ever seen a movie where the characters don't like each other, you'll see what I mean.  It was basically a bunch of kids getting drunk together, but in a way that was totally unnecessary and made no sense. The whole thing just felt like a bunch teens talking about how their favorite movie is one of their favorite movies.  I don't know how it was made. It's a bad joke, and I don 't know why it was on TV. I just saw it and felt like it was way too much like "The Breakfast Club" at times.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't care about the movies themselves, but I want to know what they mean to us. I have never seen anything like this in any other Hollywood film: a director's inability to think through his story, the inability to understand the human emotions, the lack of direction, the blatant lack of subtlety, the total lack of imagination.  The movie is about a man, an aging man who, after a long illness, is going to take care of his family and take care off the world. The film seems to be about a woman, an old woman who is going through the same thing. But it's all too obvious that they are neither friends nor lovers.  I thought that the old man was going to kill the woman, because of the woman's violent behavior. I know that the director had a very bad movie that he was trying to make, and he wanted to make a good movie. He wanted to have a movie about an old man who kills his family, but he did not do it.  So I can only say that I think the director should be ashamed of his movie, and I hope he does not get the Oscar. I dont know what else to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching this film, I will never see anything like this again.  This film was awful. This movie is awful. The acting was weak, and the storyline was boring. The film itself could have been worse, because the director had no idea how to make the movie. He just put his script on top of whatever script he was given, and then used it as a basis for the film. For example, his version of the "bad kid" is so full of contradictions and inconsistencies that it makes it so hard to understand why he does what he does.  The movie itself is so boring that it actually becomes funny. However, it is so terrible that it is actually funnier than the movie itself.  It is one of the most boring movies I have ever seen, and I've seen dozens of them.  I can only imagine what kind of person was involved in this production. Someone that could have made a decent film with some good ideas, but got bored and decided to waste their time doing something so boring and stupid. I would like to wish this idiot who made this film well, but I am so disgusted by this film that I will probably never see another movie where the acting is so weak that the story doesn't even have a story. I really don't know what a director is supposed to do in a film, and it just seems like this person didn't even know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My first impression of this film was "WTF?!?!?". I watched it twice, and the third time, I stopped and I watched a video of a bad joke.  The first time I saw the movie, I thought it was the worst movie I've ever seen. I laughed a lot, but then I saw it again. This is one of the worst movies I've seen in my life, and I'm pretty sure it's one of only three movies I can remember with a "Wtf" reaction. It's awful! The plot is terrible! The acting is terrible. The plot revolves around a man (Mr. Lumbergh) who kills off his girlfriend's (Mrs. Neely) boyfriend (Mr O'Hara) and then decides to take revenge. He's going to kill all of the people that have been responsible for killing his girlfriend. All of the characters are a total waste of time. It makes you think you are watching a horror movie, when in fact you are just watching a bad film.  I don't know if I can recommend it, but I'm sure it'll get a negative rating from people who think it's not funny. It'll just make you laugh, and it will just get worse and worse.  This movie is really awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very odd film, and the worst of the "The New World" series. The cast, acting, and story are pretty much average, but the acting is terrible and the story is flat. Even the special effects look like they were done in a single afternoon. The script is not very well written, and does not really advance the story. This is not a great example of "The American Dream" as a series of films. However, it does demonstrate the weaknesses of the series. A lot of people like to claim that the movies were a "great thing" because they made "people care about the characters" and "glorify" the ideas of "freedom" and liberty. I don't buy that argument.  The movies made in the "New World" films were made for a reason. That reason has nothing to do with what movies made during that period meant to the people who made them. It has everything to do only with selling films to the masses, and not making a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this movie is not too much. The script is not a good at telling a story, so the movie is just a waste of time. The story is just the story that is shown in the trailer. I think that they did not even try to make this movie a little better. There are so many other movies that can give better movies than this one. This movie is simply a waste and a waste.  The actors in this movie are horrible. The only good actors are the guys in the original trailer, and they are playing their role poorly. There is no reason to watch this movie. The trailer is better than the movie itself. If you want to see a stupid movie, go to the original movie: "Mental Hospital". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. The acting was awful, the plot was bad, and the script was completely nonsensical. The movie seemed to be an attempt at a TV show. The first act was okay, but then the movie completely lost focus, and just didn't care to finish. The director had to come in and change the script and make it more interesting. I'm not sure if it was because the actors weren't really in the script or because the director was so bored with the script, but the movie didn't seem to have any kind of interest. It was just a bunch of actors standing around talking and acting as if they were having a conversation with each other.  I'm giving it 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst I've ever seen. It was so bad that I thought the only thing worse was the fact that it was in English. I mean, this is such a bad and lame movie. There is nothing good about it. It just seems to be so stupid and horrible that it really hurts to watch.  The acting was also bad. It didn't help that the movie was in a French language, but that's just what made the movie so much worse. This movie should have been made in Italian or Spanish, but for some reason, the producers decided that English was better.  Overall, I give this movie 1 out of 10. It's not worth seeing, but if you're going to see it, just keep in mind that the only reason this movie is in English is because they're scared of getting sued by the French version. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had a lot of problems. There was a lot more action than anything. However, the movie's story was not as strong as other recent B movies. There were too many jump scares and very little actual plot. The ending could have been better, but it wasn't that bad.  It's not like I was expecting a masterpiece, but this movie didn't even deserve a 1 out of 10. If you like a lot jump scares you might like this movie, if not you might prefer a movie like "Gonzo". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie once and it made me very sad. I have to admit that I saw it in the theatre. The story was too long and it didn't make sense. The plot seemed to have some sort of logical fall down and the acting was terrible. It was hard to believe that people were willing to spend their money on a film that was so bad.  It seemed that the filmmakers were just trying to make the film seem a bit edgy. It didn't work.  I'm sorry if this movie makes you sad. This was a very poor excuse for a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a big fan of the original Ghostbusters film, so when I saw that this film was going to be made I was not surprised. I watched the trailers for it and it sounded very similar to the first movie. But the new Ghostbusters cast and plot is so weak. The jokes are bad, the story is stupid, the characters are so stereotypical that they could be considered parody of other comedy films. The music is terrible, and the special effects and sets look like they were ripped from the 1980s. The cast and directing seem to have a lack of interest in making a great movie.  There is no point in watching this film. I don't know why the producers thought it was necessary to put in such a low budget film. There are plenty of other comedies that do a better job than this.  I guess it's the low budget that's the problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing special. The acting is poor, the story is not interesting, and the ending is a bit odd.  There is absolutely no reason to even watch it unless you are a masochist. It is not funny at all and it is not even worth a watch if you want to laugh. This movie only serves as an introduction to the rest of the film.  I really dislike films where the character(s) don't care about anything other than getting a good time in the shower. If you are looking for a film with a good story and a decent acting, look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a bad film. The script was not the worst I have seen. However, the characters were all over the place. I did like the concept of "The Secret Police" but I didn't care for it in the end. The only good thing was the "The Police Station" sequence. The rest was awful. It's so bad that you might think it's an early 30's throwaway. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was about a couple of guys who met at college who had both had their brains exploded. They decided to play a video game together and then they accidentally killed each other. They tried to keep it from happening but then they just lost themselves. There is a bit of the feel good and family friendly feel to the film but the acting and plot are extremely poor. The only redeeming feature of the film is the soundtrack.  The story is very contrived and doesn't make sense and there are some really bad jokes.  It's not that much better than a bad "Saved By The Bell" but it is worse. If you want to see some real cheesy trash and you don't mind seeing some gore then this is your film to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. I was just as disgusted as everyone else, but I am also not a fan of the movies of the '90's. I mean, I like all of them, but this one just stinks. The director, who is a guy I've never seen in person, and the director who has a history of directing movies like "Dirt", "The Naked Gun", "Candyman", and "Shall We Dance" just wasted some good movie making talent and the potential for the film to be great. I have seen the director's work on the internet, but the fact that the director was hired to direct this movie shows how low the movie making industry is. If you are looking for a comedy, don't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an average film that tries to sell itself on the idea that it is an American horror film but the only thing that was scary was the sound effects (aside from the occasional horror movie clich) and the acting. I didn't understand why it was directed in Japan instead of the US. I think that most American horror movies are made in the US, not Japan. I'd have thought that a movie directed in the U.S. would have been better than this, but even then, it still wasn't the best. The only reason I can give this a 2/10 rating is that I really didn't care for the movie, so I wasn't too mad at it. I give it a 1/10, because the sound was terrible and the plot was awful. The movie is a waste of time and I'd rather just watch the show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just wanted to say how much I hated this movie. The acting was bad and the direction was so bad that it made the whole movie seem like a joke. This movie makes me think that this is one of those "bad movie" that have a script writer who knows nothing about film making and who does not understand the medium of film. The movie is just a bunch of people saying that they are going to make a movie and that they would like to make movies about bad movies and then just do it. The reason why this movie is so bad is because it was made by someone who was never even a filmmaker before.  The movie makes absolutely no sense and it is very disappointing. The actors in the movie are all so stupid that I was expecting something a bit more original. The story line does not make any sense at all. The music was pretty bad and I was hoping for some kind of music that would make sense.  As a whole the movie is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a huge fan of the original Spider-Man movies and I really love the characters. But this movie just kills me. I can only imagine how much trouble the writers had trying to come up with something this stupid. This is a really embarrassing, one-sided movie that just goes on forever. The villains are just cardboard villains with no personalities, just cardboard faces. There's no plot at all. I mean, come on. Just throw a few ideas together. I could have made a better movie with some decent direction and some better actors.  If you're going to make a Spider-man movie, don't make it this bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was absolutely terrible. It was very poorly made, and it had no redeeming value whatsoever. It seemed as though the makers were trying to make the movie into a love triangle. Unfortunately, there is no love in this movie, and the two women don't even seem to care about each other, so you're left with no other option but to watch this movie without an audience. There are so many plot holes and unnecessary subplots, and they're not even related to the main story.  The plot is so incredibly boring that you'll just watch the movie because you don't have anything better to do with your time.  Overall, this movie has very little redeeming quality. The plot was completely lacking, the acting was completely unbelievable, and there was absolutely no plot. The story is about a man who is in love with a girl who wants to end their relationship. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main characters are a little bit too generic to be considered believable characters. It's just as simple as that. I think if they would have gone with a more interesting story line and a little more character development, they would've been able to make this movie more interesting. I also think that the main character's relationship with the lead actor was a little too predictable and clichd. I didn't even like that the lead was named "Eli", even though they used the name "Elliott" for the lead actress in the previous two movies. It made the movie look like a teen drama. I did like the fact that the movie was shot in Montreal. It was a nice touch, but it would've done much better if the movie had been made in Hollywood. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know it's a comedy but the fact that it's about a man who gets hit by a car should have been enough. There was no reason for it to be as predictable as it was. There are scenes where I wanted to be able to predict what was going to happen. And it was just awful. The characters didn't seem to have any life at all, except for the part where the cop and the cop's partner are discussing how to take care of the problem.  The acting was bad. The soundtrack was terrible. The story didn't have any real plot. It seemed like the writers had a vague idea of what was supposed to happen, but didn't know how to actually put it together. I think they should stick to the comedy and stop trying to do the other stuff. I wish they would have gone the other route. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bit disappointing to see that a movie was so poor that it could only be a low budget feature. But the director seems to be one of the most self-centered, selfish, narcissistic guys in the movie industry. I guess he thought that the director's credit was up for grabs. I think it was his ego that got the better of him. The movie's dialogue is also completely pointless, since the movie never gives us the impression that any of the actors are having a good time. I just don't understand why anyone would want to see such a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be an absolute waste of time.  The story, acting and directing is all very wooden, with little to no chemistry between the characters and very little plot. The movie is filled with so many inconsistencies that it's difficult to take any of it seriously. The only thing that kept me watching was the fact that the director could not care less about the plot or the acting of his actors, he just wanted to make this piece of garbage.  I gave this movie a 2/10. The acting was not believable, and the movie was a complete waste of my time. The film should have been a 3/10, not a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that this was a good movie for a group of people that made it. The whole movie is just a waste of time and money. It's just awful. The main character, who is supposed to be a genius scientist, has absolutely no idea how to solve problems or make decisions. And the rest of the cast are not even really believable. The acting is not that good either. It looks like some amateur actors were trying to mimic famous actors.  This is a film I would not recommend to anyone. I would like to know if this is the kind of movie you think a bunch of people watch to gain a few laughs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years ago, I was watching a DVD of the first season of the TV show Lost. I noticed that the episode "Cabin Fever" had some similarities to the opening scene of "The End". I decided to watch the show again, hoping that it might have been one of the inspirations for this film. I was disappointed. The opening scenes of "Cablifabille" are so poor, and so devoid of anything interesting, that it was like watching a series of movies. "Cabal Fever" is a poor excuse for a TV movie. The only redeeming feature is the music and direction. I would not recommend this film for anyone who likes a good mystery, and has not seen the original series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A remake of a movie I once saw in the 70s. It is a remake of "Frosty in Love" which was made in 1967. This remake has a terrible title, it makes you think it was directed by a Hollywood director who can't do a decent version of a 1950's romantic comedy.  It is about a guy who falls in love with a girl who just died, and a bunch of people who think he's an oddball. The movie is really bad. It looks like an adult's idea of a romantic comedy, except the movie has no plot. This movie has almost no dialog, so it's not funny. The film is filled with boring and stupid characters and is really cheesy. The story is completely different from the book "Frozen in Love", which is why the movie does not work. I am sorry, but I don't see a way to enjoy this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of young people go out one night on a cruise and the only thing they want to do is sleep. However, they can't sleep in their room since there are three other beds in the ship. However the ship's crew are not aware of this fact. The movie's plot consists of them being on their own, trying to find a way off the ship, and having their own bed set in the corner of the ship where they can sleep without bothering anyone. In the end the crew do not notice that their bed is there, and the ship sinks.  This movie is so bad that the only reason I made it through it is because I am a big fan of "Star Trek: The Next Generation". However, if you have ever seen this movie, I would advise you not to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a complete waste of my time. It's boring, poorly made and doesn't even try to be anything. It doesn't inspire me to feel anything either. It just leaves me with the feeling that it was made for someone else and is probably just a waste of time.   I guess this was a project that was done in a very short time and it wasn't good enough to warrant a DVD release. It probably would have been better to just go to the local video store and rent the film.  I'm sure that if someone saw the film, they would think it was awful and would avoid it at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 20 minutes or so are really fun, the rest is just a dull train wreck. The only redeeming point in this film is the actors, but that's just the beginning.  If you're interested in watching a few minutes of what this movie looks like you'll have to be lucky to see it. The rest of the film is boring and uninteresting. This is the worst film I've seen in a while. It looks like a low budget version of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" except the original Buffy isn't so low budget.   If your film doesn't contain a big laugh or some really good acting, it's probably a good movie, but not this one. It's a total train wreck, but you might get some laughs if you're into low budget horror movies. This movie is a complete waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got a copy of this DVD and it was so bad that I actually laughed when I saw the title. But it was an early release, and I was expecting a good comedy from this. I'm not sure why, but I've never been a fan of the "fun" comedy in the past. I don't like that type of comedy. They are a bit too serious and usually don't get the joke.  This movie is not funny, and it's not funny to anyone other than the people involved. It's just boring.  If I was really going to like this movie, I would have been more interested in the characters and their history than the story of a bunch of kids getting high. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible, dull, predictable and extremely slow movie. Even the opening credits were a bit pointless. I was surprised when I discovered the plot and the character development. But when the story wasn't relevant to the story at all, the movie really wasn't worth watching. I have seen worse and better movies. But this one was by far the worst. I'm not sure how I could write a positive review about this one, but I guess I could make one. It's really not worth seeing. If you really want to see a movie in the style of "Beverly Hills Cop", this is not the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The concept behind this film was very interesting and intriguing. The idea was that it was a comedy/thriller based on the premise that there was a woman who killed the man who was obsessed with the death of his daughter that she killed her daughter's friends, his father, his daughter's boyfriend and his mother, and then killed himself because he couldn't get the woman to stop. That's a lot of potential to pull off. Unfortunately the movie got lost in a muddled mess of a story that didn't make any sense to me, and didn't have any real plot. The script is too heavy for it to be a comedy or a horror film, and it was so predictable and devoid of any actual action or suspense that it seemed like it was made for television and that's about all it had in common with horror.  The plot is just an excuse for a lot more gore, and that was pretty much the only redeeming feature of the film. The acting is pretty bad and there's nothing in this movie to keep the viewer interested. It's an easy 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry for this review. I just got a copy of this movie on DVD and watched it. But after I watched it, I just didn't understand what was happening. I mean it was just not that much of a movie. It seemed like they did the same thing over and over again and then put in a few minutes that weren't there. I'm sure they had to be so that it could get their rating higher.  I don't know how they can expect to get ratings that way. They're just going to put a lot of money into the movie and get it out of the box, then they'll see how it goes. I know that's what people do with a bad film. They just go through the motions of it. And the end result is a film that just isn't worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Unusual Couple" is an attempt at parody of "Les Misrables" and "Les Amigos" without any of the charm of the original films. The director, Kevin Walsh, does not understand that the film is supposed to be a satire, but has created a film full of stereotypes and clichs, which he tries to make more "mature" by casting a woman in the leading role. However, Walsh only made the "The Nutty Professor" look ridiculous by having a female lead. The film has the most unbelievable set-up in the history of the series, as the two young boys, a 14-year-old and a 14 year-old, meet each other for the first time, and then suddenly they decide to act out scenes from "Les Miserables" by making their own version of the "Uncle Puff" character.  I was not amused at the fact that the movie started off with a song about "The Hound of Hell" and then changed to "Les Filles du cur" ("The Wolf of the Waste", which sounds like it is actually a song of "Hounds of Hell") when the teenagers finally get together. It is a shame that a director like Walsh is so determined to get this film made.  As for the acting, there is absolutely no character development. It does not make sense why a 14 or 15 year-olds, who are barely old enough to have any sense of humor, would behave so like their "Uncles" or "Unpuffed Up" Uncle's. It just shows how badly "The Uncle" is portrayed in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a HUGE fan of the show. I've seen every episode in every season and I still have not found a bad one. Unfortunately this one is so bad I can't believe it even exists. I would have liked to see a little more originality in this movie, but there's nothing to do here. I mean there's a car chase in it and a gun battle.  So, I guess it's a crime. But not in the way they're making out.  The movie just has too many problems. The movie is supposed to be about a serial killer and it really isn't. The acting is so awful I almost threw it away. The music is lame, the plot is stupid, and there's no way I'll be seeing it. So, let's get some originality. The originality is out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is interesting, but in the end, it's not even worth mentioning. There is absolutely no suspense or excitement to be had at all, and even the most mundane parts of the movie drag on. If there is a redeeming quality to this movie, it is that the performances of the actors are actually bad. There's no reason to cheer for the "good" actors because they're merely trying to act, and the "bad" actors are merely trying their best to be as annoying as possible. The only reason the movie gets 4/10 is because the "real" movie is better.   The problem with the movie is that it is only about 1/4 of the way into the movie, and we already know all the major points. There was absolutely no reason for me to believe that the character who was playing the part of the detective, was capable of such an inept performance. It's just a waste of time. I really did like the idea of the "tape" story, but this movie completely failed to deliver. The acting is awful, the directing is atrocious, the cinematography is horrible, and I can't believe anyone could even find the time to watch this movie.  It's a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really bad. It's just boring and predictable. The director's idea was interesting but the acting was really bad, even for an action movie. The plot was predictable and not even believable.  The story was predictable because there was no action, but that didn't stop the actors from acting stupid. I got tired of watching the movie after half an hour and I'm not even sure if I'll ever watch another action movie from this director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years ago I found this movie, but it wasn't until recently I saw the DVD of it that I decided to watch it again. I didn't really care for it, but I was curious to see if I'd missed something. I'm a little disappointed, because the movie doesn't make sense. It's not like the director is intentionally trying to make this a bad film, but his decisions to cut a few scenes that had some impact on the movie are pretty obvious. But it still makes a few good ones look like they were really hard to pull off.  The movie tries to make you care about the characters and what they're doing. The problem is that there is no depth to their personalities, and the movie just tries to fill up as much screen time as possible. It does try to make a few jokes in the movie, and they're pretty lame. It also just has a weak story line (like a lot of horror movies). I give it a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind the movie is somewhat interesting. I mean, it's a little offbeat, it has a little bit of a cult following, but the execution is just... so, so, SO awful.  I think I'm just gonna let the rest of the reviews speak for themselves, as I'm sure I can guess what the audience was thinking.  The main problem is that the movie has nothing to actually tell us. I can't even figure out what the plot is about (maybe it's about some cultish group of people who are obsessed with the moon or something). I'm so disgusted with this movie that I actually cried. I think there is probably a joke in here somewhere, but it's so incredibly unfunny that I can only assume the joke is the worst kind of punchline ever.  Also, it seems to take place on an alien planet with an army of evil robots and the only purpose of the planet is to destroy us. But how could a planet with that many evil robots actually have a life? How could there be life on the planet? What does that have to do with the movie? How does the movie actually end? And how does the robots get into the spaceship in the first place? I could go on and on, but I'm gonna stop.  Just, really bad. This is probably the only reason I didn't give the movie a 10.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a shame because the movie was so good. It had all the elements of the great "Wendell Pierce" movies. The story was a bit confusing, and the acting was terrible. The only redeeming factor was the amazing soundtrack.  The only good point about this movie was the fact that it was made in 1982. That was way before most "Wes Anderson" movies and before the whole "puzzle piece" thing was invented.  So maybe there's hope for "Wesley Snipes" after all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very strange and confusing film. I can only assume that this was a cheap attempt at making a movie out of the original source material. I thought it was a lot better when I was 10. It's not.  The idea is absolutely unbelievable, but what do you expect from the source material? This was a really bad remake of "The Shining".  The pacing is terrible, and the acting is awful. The only reason I was able to give it 4 out of 10 is because I was only able to watch part of the film before I gave it a negative rating. I was really disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not a comedy. It's not even a parody.  The characters are all too familiar to be original. The script is predictable and the plot is all too predictable.  Some of the acting is OK, some is really bad. The movie is awful.  There is no humor, no charm. There is only desperation. There are no laughs. This movie has no substance. It doesn't make any sense.  I gave this movie 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for the first time today. I have been meaning to write a negative one about this movie and have yet to do so. I found it very disappointing to have to watch another movie that was so similar to the last one I've seen. I'm sorry but I had to get it off my chest. The only reason this movie didn't suck is because I didn't hate it as much as I did when I first saw it. I just wasn't able to watch it as often as I would have liked.  I don't understand the logic behind the characters. All they do is get together, make fun of each other and they never do anything with their friends. I know this is supposed to be a romantic comedy but it's not. It's just an attempt at one. If you want to see a movie that you enjoy as much more as a romantic-comedy then you'll be better off watching the next movie.  If you have a chance to see this movie, don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the trailer, I have listened to the trailer...I have seen a lot of bad movies. But this movie was just so bad. I mean, it was just plain awful. The story was so bad, the acting was so terrible...the music was awful...I don't even know how to explain how bad it was. I don't think I can even give this movie 4 stars. I really don't know how they got their hands on so many of these types of movies and still made this one. This was a very cheap, low budget movie. I would have to say, at least the movie was at least worth the $3.00 to see...but if you are looking to see it...don't waste your money. It was just a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. It was so poorly made that I almost wanted to rip my eyes out. If you have to make a movie where the only people in it are your own relatives, this is a bad idea. If that's what you're making a movie about, I can't even think of anything worse. You've just wasted hours and hours and have wasted your life.  The actors in this movie don't seem to understand what their characters are saying. They act like they're in character. They don't talk about their jobs. They talk about how much they hate their jobs, and how much fun they have making them.  I think that if the actors could just act in their scenes, the movie would have been better.  But that would be an insult to them. I think the only person who could have made a better movie would be a kid, or someone who was drunk.  So, just go back to the way movies used to be. I mean, if you're going to do that, you're in a whole different world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In retrospect, the concept was okay, but it just didn't get any better. The acting was subpar, the plot was convoluted, and the plot had some really lame backdrops that were only there to add some atmosphere to the film. The whole thing was made to be visually appealing but failed at the emotional level. And that is really a big disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen it once before but didn't like it. I really was surprised when I saw the trailer for this film. This film was actually the worst of all of the "Star Wars" prequels. The acting was terrible, the plot was poorly conceived and the whole thing seemed to have been made in the dark by someone who hadn't seen the original "Star" trilogy. I mean it really is hard to tell when it's supposed to be a parody of "Star War", but this film definitely isn't parody, it's just another excuse to repeat all of George Lucas' mistakes. The story was the worst it's ever been.  The only good part was the music. But it was all of those bad parts combined and none of them really add up to anything in the way they were meant to be.  I give it a 2 out of 10. It's one of the worst "Star Trek" movies ever made. If you want a fun, easy way to get your brain wet, look at "Beneath the Planet of the Apes" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad it could be a joke, but there is a part where a man is talking on a telephone and says "I need some money". Then he hands the phone to a woman and says, "Can I borrow some money?" The woman replies "No, I don't have any money". The man then looks out the window and says something that I don' t understand, and then looks back at the woman and asks her if she is willing to accept the loan. She says, with tears in her eyes, "I would rather not". Then the woman starts to cry and says that she doesn't want the money, she just wants to go home. Then she calls the man on the telephone and asks him to stop talking to her, and when he does the woman calls the police.  So the guy tries to make the woman take her money by threatening her. But the woman tells him to go to the police station and tell them what is going on, so they will come to her house to get her. The movie ends with the woman giving the money to the guy and then walking out. The guy tries again, and again the woman doesn't agree to the loan, so the guy says, ''Well, there you have it, I'm not going to the court".  But it's just a joke.  This isn't a good movie to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I'm the only person that didn't like this movie. I've seen worse movies but this one was the worst I've ever seen. I can't believe I made it to the end of it! I was watching the movie on a big screen and I can only imagine how much effort went into writing this one. I feel like I wasted my time and money.  I'm not sure how I could find the time to sit through this movie, it was the longest movie I've watched. I don't understand how they could have spent all that time in editing this movie if it wasn't good. It was awful and I was so annoyed I just wanted to turn it off! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, even if it's just short clips of the actors playing the characters, is pretty bad. The acting is so bad it's really difficult to care about anything they're saying or doing. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of the main actors have very good careers, but I don't think they deserve this one.  One scene was so obviously fake that I had to stop the movie just to find out what it was supposed to be. And they were so obviously trying to get the movie to be a comedy, but didn't know how to do it. This movie is a waste of time and the story is just plain awful.  I don' have a clue why they made it as long as they did. The first half hour or so is pretty good, but the second half is just a complete waste of screen time and really doesn't fit in with the rest of the movie. The story is about the girl who was in love with the teacher and ends up sleeping with her and the other students.  The movie is over very quickly and by the time the movie ends, the movie has lost its interest. This is a movie for people who don't like movies and think they're not interesting enough. If you do like movies, watch it on video, instead of watching it on DVD, just because it's easier.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a scene in this film where all the cast was walking from one place to another and the camera zooms in on them. I mean come on. The actors were in one place for a very long time and the movie seemed to drag on for far too long.  What a waste of a few minutes of my life.  I gave this film 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like a "bad movie" meets "bad TV" meets an "action movie" -- the whole thing looks so terrible and so poorly written that I am not even sure I am supposed to comment on it.  In fact, this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. And it's not even the worst horror flick I've seen.  It looks like a first-timer's attempt at a "horror" flick. I can only assume that the director did not know how to act and chose to act like a bunch of idiots instead of acting like a director. It looks so lame and so unfunny that I was tempted to skip the movie altogether.  I would have been better off skipping the whole movie and just watching the original "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", but it's hard to watch the entire "X-Files" movie without knowing how to read the credits.  The director should never work again, because that was a waste of his time and his money. The movie is just awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first few minutes of this film are so slow that you can see the camera pan across the room and the scene slowly turn around until it finally stops, and then the camera turns back on. There is no time for a dialogue between the characters, no story to develop. This is just a series of shots and dialogue, and nothing is happening.  In my opinion, this film has the potential to be awful, but it is so boring. It's a pity because the actors are so good. It is so disappointing to see actors in such terrible roles, and to see them not do a good job.  There are several other film-makers who should not have had such a terrible experience, but they just keep doing their jobs. I think they will continue to do so, but that is a bad thing for a director, a producer, and a film-maker to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I rented this movie from the movie theater. I don't know how many times I have watched a movie that was so poorly made and so disappointing. The acting was awful. The story line was completely unbelievable and the ending was so unbelievable it made me sick.  If you're looking for a cheap laugh or a good laugh, this movie won't do it for you. But if you're a horror fan and you can get past the terrible acting and the lack of suspense, you can have a good time watching this movie. But be prepared to pay. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really lame attempt to use a really cool movie to get a short-film made. There is absolutely no story here, and the story itself is basically a bunch of random footage and no dialog. There are a couple of really cool shots in there, but I just don't know what the point of them is supposed to be. The whole thing is about a guy who finds a dead girl in his own home. He then tries to help her, but he gets turned into a vampire by some guy he has a crush on. This girl is a real-life person. I guess you can call her "The Girl Who Was Taken".  This film makes me want to write a negative critique about a really bad movie. If you're looking for a good vampire flick, you're better off looking for something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was just plain awful. I'm guessing that the movie is aimed at children, but as a parent of children (and as a father), I can only see a point. My children are young enough to be able to see the original, so why not? I don't want them to think this is an actual movie, I just want them think that it is a bad film. I really wish that the writers of this movie had done a little more research. I wish I had been warned that it was not intended for adults, and that it might be a good idea to avoid it for children. I can't see any reason to watch this movie unless it is the last thing you've ever seen on TV before you turn it off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I must say that I was so thrilled when I first saw the film that I watched it several times.  My first impression was that it was a great film.  Then, after seeing it a few times, I was left with a very bad feeling.  It was awful. I couldn't stop laughing. I mean, I laughed so hard that I nearly passed out. It's just so bad. I've seen worse movies, but this was just sooo, sooooooo, SOooo, sooo soooooo soooooooo soo, soooooooooooo, SO SOooooo, SO sooooo sooooooooooo so sooo SOooooooo SO SOoo SOo SOoooooo sooosoooo SOo soooSOoooo SOoSo SOooSo soooooSOso sooooo SOooSOo soo soooooooooooooooSOoo SOsooo soooo SOooo soooooSo SOo Sooooo sooo Soooo SOoooo sooooosooo SOooo SOoooooooooooo SOooo Sooooooo SOoo soo SOoSOooo SOoo Soooooso soooo soooo Soooooooooooooo Sooo sooooooooo SOoooo SOoooosooooo Soooooo SOoooSo SOoooSOOOOooo SOso SOooooSo SooooSo Sooo SOOO sooooo Sooo Sooooooooo SOsoo SOsoSOoo SoooSOoooSoooSo SOoooooooo SOoooSOo SOooSOOOO SOoo! SOooo. Sooooo. SooSo. Soooooooooo SOoooooooosooooo soooo. SOoo. SOooooooooSOo. SOoooo. SOooo.... SOo. Sooo. Soooo. Oh, I'm really sorry, but I'm just not feeling up to it this time, because I was SO bored, and this movie is just sooooo, so, soooo, such a bore, and I was really hoping to enjoy it, because you know, it's like a kid's movie that's just way too slow and has lots of swearing.  I was not able to finish watching the movie, because even though I was laughing so hard, I could not get it out of my mind and I just had to stop laughing at everything, and then I just kept watching and watching and going over and over and OVER and I'm so bored and I can't get it. I want to watch something else, but that movie just isn't going to happen, because it
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only find one good movie on this horrible waste of time, and that is the classic "Nightmare at Camp David" movie, which I saw when I was seven. It's about a man and his wife and it has been stuck in my mind ever since. This movie is just as horrible as the "Nightmares" film was. There are some good bits in it, but the film itself is so horrible that it's just not worth watching, not even a tiny bit. This film has nothing to offer other than a very unpleasant plot, and the acting is extremely bad.  I found the acting to be much better in "Night of the Living Dead", "The Walking Dead" or "Nightcrawler". And it would have been so much better had they made this movie when they were making "The Shining" instead.  If you're looking for a horror movie, look elsewhere. This is not one of the best movies I've ever seen, but I still found it to be incredibly boring and very hard to watch. I mean, it's not even scary, it just looks like a bunch of guys playing some kind of horror game, and I don't think they're supposed to scare anybody.   I'm sure that there are more movies on here that are much better, but this is an awful movie. It doesn't even come close to "The Exorcist", the movie that I just described. This should have never been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no question that this is a bad, not-so-fun movie, but I was hoping to see a little bit of humor. This is what happened.  I laughed for a moment at the fact that it was "came to America" but the movie was so utterly ridiculous I didn't know how to take it seriously.  It was so unfunny that it's hard to believe anyone would have even considered making it. I can only assume the story was invented. If anyone else has this movie, please don't make it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no need to watch this movie unless you are a masochist. If you're just looking for something that's not like anything you've ever seen before, then don't even bother.  The characters are annoying and the acting is not that great either.  A lot of things can be explained by watching this movie: the plot, the acting, the script, the cinematography, the direction, the editing, the actors, the music, the costumes, the directing, the special effects, the visual effects, and the special effect that has nothing to do with the movie.  And of course, the soundtrack is just horrible.  This is one of the worst movies I've ever read.  I don't recommend watching this unless you're a masoosh or you're really into a really bad movie. Otherwise, get a copy of "Scooby Doo" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst film I've seen.  Not only is it not funny, but the acting is so poor, and the plot so predictable, that it's impossible to take it seriously. And that is the only thing that makes this film worth watching. It's like the writer was so desperate for laughs that he wrote a whole book about his own life to make it funny.  This film was made for a few hundred bucks, and that's really the only reason why I'm taking it seriously (it was in a competition and the winner would get a chance to win a trip to Scotland). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies ever made, and I can only say that because it's a comedy. It's just a mess. Every time I thought it had something worthwhile to say, I just felt like it was all a bunch of lame jokes. The acting was horrible, the music was horrible (as usual, this movie was a total mess, but the soundtrack was OK), and the story was awful. It was just a big pile of trash. I couldn't even take it seriously because I was so bored by it. I mean, it's an hour and a half of pure unmitigated crap, so what the heck does it matter? If you're looking for a fun way to waste your time, watch this movie. If you actually care about something, I'm not sure what it is you're trying to accomplish here. I'd recommend waiting to see this movie again, and just watching the first part of the movie because it has more heart and better humor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie in the early 90s. It was an incredibly terrible film - absolutely no redeeming qualities. The plot is absolutely devoid of meaning, and the characters (especially the female characters) are all cardboard cutouts that are only there to make the film more appealing to those who dislike horror. I cannot understand how anyone who saw this film could find any enjoyment from it. It has no originality, no plot, and only comes across as shallow and ridiculous. There are no moments that make you smile. In fact, the entire movie is a complete waste of time. I give this movie a 2 out of 10, and I hope you never see this film again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was so bad that I would have to give it an 8 out of 10. I thought that the story was ridiculous, and the actors were just plain awful. The only thing that made this movie worth seeing was the fact that it was about the time that the original series ended.  I would not recommend this movie to anyone unless you are willing to overlook the fact, that the actors in the movie are just awful, and that it is about the same time that this movie's creators were putting together this movie. I hope that this is a sign that the movie industry in the US has finally matured and that they will take a bit more time to do what they do best, which is churn out lame and awful movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After hearing a lot of negative reviews about this film, I was expecting a good action movie with some nice sets and special effects. I was wrong. The sets and sets that were made look like they were made out of cardboard. I am not sure what made this film so terrible but I found it to be so boring and I just can't get into movies like this. This movie was just a complete waste of money and I had to see it to get my point across.  This film has the following problems: The script was really bad.  It was really boring and there was not much action or plot.  The actors weren't good either. The director and the actors seemed to be very inexperienced.  I thought the movie was about 1/10. I know it was rated a 7 because it was a PG-13. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so far from the best movies ever made, but it is certainly the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. The story is extremely predictable and boring. The actors are horrible, and the story line is so convoluted and nonsensical that it makes me wonder if they are really making a movie at all. The acting is so bad that the movie actually feels like a waste of time. The movie is just so poorly made that it becomes a laughing stock when watching it. This movie should be called "Tickled", not "Toxic", as that would be a more accurate description of this movie. The "story" is so unbelievable that it almost makes the movie seem funny.  This is the worst Movie I have EVER seen. The fact that I can see the movie again makes me want to scream. This is a horrible movie with a story that is so predictable that I feel like I am watching a scripted TV show. The only thing I can praise this movie for is the concept. I liked the idea of the movie, but the concept was terrible. The characters had so little chemistry with each other that the plot line had absolutely NO ROLE. There were no characters that had to care about anything. I felt like I was watching a television show. I can't believe that this movie was made. This would have been a movie that I would have given to a friend of mine, but as a fan of horror movies I just don't understand how a movie like this could have been made without a script and the direction. I feel so disappointed that I made the mistake of watching this movie, and that is my only consolation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this film is completely unbelievable and extremely poorly conceived. All of the actors and actresses look like they're not even capable of delivering their lines, even when they are. The acting is also quite poor considering the fact that there are a lot of scenes in which the characters are supposed to be in control of their emotions, yet the emotions are so over the top that it's obvious the actors are not really in control. The film is littered with scenes that are not in fact scenes, but simply cut scenes that were supposed to take place in the film.  All in all, this film isn't really worth watching. It's a very amateurish attempt at a horror film that will leave you wanting more of the same. There are better horror films out there, so go out and buy the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was a total disaster of the first rate. If you like horror, you will be disappointed with this flick.  In fact, I did like the idea of the movie. However, the fact that it didn't work, and the fact it was poorly done, are the only reasons I gave it 3 stars. If I can give the movie one star, it would be that I am not really sure what happened. There were no deaths, and there was no actual blood.  The only thing that was great was the idea that the movie was about the death of the "Monster" and the "Nightmare" that follows, which is completely ridiculous. In my opinion, the story of "The Monster" is not about the horror of the film, but about the "Horror" that will occur during the movie (or the "Movie" as I like to call it). The movie is a complete waste of your time.  I give this movie a 1.5/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total failure and it's a shame that a bunch of people who love to talk about films like this could come up with something so disappointing.  The movie is full of stupid plot twists and boring characters. The movie's acting is weak and the script is bad. The cinematography is horrible.  All in all, this movie is an embarrassment. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I have never seen a movie this stupid and I'm amazed that people actually made it.  This is the worst movie I've seen in my life. It's a complete waste of time and it makes you want to throw up. This movie has a whole lot of stupid jokes that are so stupid they should have never made it into a movie. It was made so that it would be entertaining to watch people do stupid things, but they did not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion this is the worst movie of all time. I think this movie was a huge waste of time. It has nothing to do with horror or suspense or even the idea of a "supernatural" horror movie.  I think that they should have spent more money on a real killer movie that they could have made better than this. This movie has no logic or story and is just a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe they made this. I've never seen a movie this bad.  This is one of the most offensive movies I've ever seen. I can see the movie but not enjoy it. I just can't get over the idea that the film was made by a guy who's a sex-star.  Why was this made and why does it seem so out of place? This film should have been made by somebody with a bit more sense of humour than this guy. If I can make a film that isn't awful, I'd like to know what it was made for. I don't understand how they got a job. They should have left it to the studio.  The plot is terrible. It's all very cliche and I can relate to it only because I'm a man. I want to be in a romantic comedy. This movie was made to make the studio look good and I really don't know why they did it.   I don' t know what to say except I don'' t like it. It was terrible. I didn'' t understand why this was made and I don'';t understand why they want to make a romantic film about sex.  I'm really sick of seeing this crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The story is boring and there are no moments of suspense. The only saving grace is that it's got a very cool title.  The only thing that was redeeming was the fact that they gave the audience what they want. That's not enough. There are no villains in the movie. The audience was just given what they wanted.  I cannot believe this movie has been made. The first thing that I noticed was the very low camera angle. It made the film look very much like a low budget, low budget production. The camera panning shot was so jarring that I could hardly concentrate on what was going on around me. There was no sense of danger in the film and none of the actors seemed to have done much.  If you have a low level of interest in a movie, don't waste your time. Watch this film and avoid it like the plague. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very typical, "B-movie", kind of movie, but it's just so, so stupid! Why would anyone want to make a movie about "Mountain Boy"??? I mean, what is there to make him stand out, besides his dumb name? Anyway, if you're a serious martial arts fan, then watch this one and then the "Bare Knuckle", but don't expect anything else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a horror film but I can't find any trace of any horror in it. The idea was stupid. They should have made the idea more scary. The story was really poor. I didn't understand any of the words that were spoken. The sound was awful. And the acting was awful...I think they must have hired the director because it was bad. This film has a big problem - they should have just made the story better. But, they didn't...   This film is probably the worst horror film I have ever seen.  It would be better if it were made into a series of short films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason this movie was released in the late 80's and early 90's is because it had a cult following that was not necessarily for the best of reasons.  The film starts out by showing a little boy named Max, who is trying to be a fighter, and who has a few fights in his life, in which he gets injured and ends up in the hospital. Then we cut to a little girl named Mia, who was in the same hospital Max was in. Then Max gets up and runs away from the hospital, and runs into the woods where he meets the local "hunter". They both fight and Max gets hurt in the fight, and he starts to lose his memory. Eventually the hunters are all dead, and Max starts to wander around and die because of the injuries he suffered. However, he still seems to have some sort of memory of what he was doing in the woods. The story continues to show Max walking around, and then we cut back to Mia, and she gets sick because she has cancer. They are both in the "clinic", and the director of the clinic tells Max he can't stay there because he can only stay in the clinic for one month, but that time passes and Max is able to stay. And we cut, and we don't see the whole thing. Then the story goes back to Max and Mia, but Max starts talking about how he was in his hospital room when he got hurt, and how he started to get some sort a memory, and that it was some sort crazy idea that he had that was the cause of his hospital stay. So we cut and we see how Max and the "hunters" get killed, and what the doctor does with Max's memory. Then it cuts to Mia being taken to the hospital again, and they don't let her go back to the woods, and the whole film goes on like that. But there are several scenes that I found just really unbelievable. They would have been great, except for the fact that the movie has no direction at all, and you can tell that the directors were really lost on what was going on.  I could give the movie a 0, but I'm going to give it a 1, because it's a very slow and boring movie. The action is very weak, and there is no dialog, and it just seems like they were trying to have a good time and got bored. I know that this movie isn't really supposed to be serious, and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film made in Russia, with no real script, and no connection to the original Russian-language script, but with the same director. The plot is weak, the characters are stupid, the direction is lacking, and the ending is very, very predictable.  This film is so far below the standards of the best American comedies of the late 80s and early 90s. I could not help but laugh at the end, and that is really all that I can say. The film is an embarrassment to anyone who would have made this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to say, that it was not a bad film.  However, there was no reason for me to give it such a high rating. I felt like a total idiot for watching it. The actors had absolutely no idea what they were doing. I saw one scene where a guy is talking to a girl, and I swear he said "honey" every 3 seconds. There was no actual sexual tension between them.  If you want to see a film with a lot of action and a low budget, go watch the "Sleeper" movies.  The movie was not very good, but I don't think it was as bad as it could have been. I was surprised that it ended up being this low in my opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has so much potential, but sadly it falls short of its potential. It could have been a really funny, but poorly directed, romantic comedy, but it isn't. The film has too many mistakes and no humor. The plot is pretty weak, but nothing that a real movie would be able to do.  In the end, the movie is just a waste of time. I wouldn't recommend it, unless you're looking for some cheesy comedy. But then again, that is the best way to get yourself addicted to this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big fan of this film, but it's been so bad that I'm still wondering what the heck it is. The acting is atrocious, the script is ridiculous, the sets are not believable and the movie is about a group of people who just happen to be playing video games in their living room (I'll leave it to you to guess the plot), so why the hell would the producers make it so pretentious and cheesy? It's one of the most boring movies I've ever seen. This film is so full of unnecessary dialogue and pointless scenes that it makes this film an unwatchable mess of a film. There are no twists, no suspense, and no real emotion. The film is full of lame lines and stupid characters. The director is completely inexperienced. There's nothing to suggest that he was ever a director in the first place. It's the worst film I've seen. It makes me want to rip the DVD off my TV, burn it, and throw it in the trash. I guess it's just a film that's been made to sell DVD copies. It could've been an episode of "Criminal Minds", but it really wasn't a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad remake of the classic film "The Last Waltz". But unlike "The Waltz" this film is made up of terrible, over-acted and poorly written scenes. The film has a script written by Paul Giamatti, a director who has been doing poorly-written, badly-scripted and badly-acted films for the past few years. It is one of those films where the director doesn't really know what he is doing and doesn't care much for his script. Giamatte has no idea what he's doing and he tries to use as many clichd phrases as possible. It's just a lot of rubbish.  I think this is a film where Paul Gaffey was given a budget to do a low budget version of "The Death of the World", which would have had a good shot at the Oscar. It would have also done well at the BAFTA awards if it were a straight remake of "Beside the Clouds". It would've been better to do this without the director and the writer and have done it as a cheap horror film with a few actors and no special effects. But I'm afraid it's not a low-budget horror film at all. It was made for $6 million. The director's choice of "Funny" to "Dead" is one more proof of how he can't be trusted in his work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this and thought I was the only one who saw it. And it only got worse after I left the theater. I was in the middle of something else, but was distracted by the movie. I felt like the movie was taking place in another time period. And I was left with more questions than answers. I wish I could say it was an original film but it's not. The actors were terrible. I know they were good at their jobs and were trying to make a film, but it was just a complete mess. This is a shame because it could have been a great film. I just felt so let down and so out of it. I'm not going to waste my time trying to find a copy because it didn't feel like an original. It was just another lame film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought I was going to love this film when I first saw it, and I still think it is a good film, but I'm really disappointed with it. This is not a horror movie. It is simply a bunch of people running away from a dark place, and it just goes from bad to worse. There is no point in this film, it's just a bunch to get from one place to another. I think the only reason why I saw this film in the first place was because it was scary. The only thing that scared me was the little boy playing with a toy with a human skull on it. I'm sure there are plenty of movies like this out there. Just don't waste your time on them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film has been a disappointment to the fans who expected a fun and interesting take on the world of zombies. I thought it would be fun and entertaining. I had no expectations of a fun zombie film, just an entertaining zombie film. What a complete disappointment! The story is extremely lame, the direction is terrible, and the acting is even worse. The characters are annoying and the plot is extremely predictable. If you want a zombie movie, this is not the movie for you. It's just a waste of time. The cast is completely uninteresting and the director's lame direction and awful acting is enough to make me not want to see the movie ever again. The plot and actors are completely pointless and it's a total waste of money. The only redeeming feature is the idea of the characters being able to survive and even thrive after death. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is just a bunch of garbage. Some people have described this film as a 'cult film' but that is just plain nonsense. The acting is very bad, the story is boring, the visuals are awful and the script is just incomprehensible. The director, John Carpenter, should have stuck to his more well known films and made a more interesting film about a family in peril.  The whole movie is so boring and predictable that it makes the rest of the film feel like a chore. It is the only way I can explain why this film has such a low rating. This movie was made in an extremely short time, so the script must have been written in a very short time. If it were to be made into a series, the whole thing would just have been recycled over and over again. The only thing that this film does is to show you how much you are supposed to hate a film. It's just that the director is so awful that he doesn't care if you are laughing or crying.  There is no redeeming point to this film. There are many more decent films out there. If you want to see a film that is about an evil cult that is making people into monsters, then watch the 'Witch Hunt'.  I rate this film a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first time I have ever seen this movie. I'm a huge fan of "American Idol", so I expected something similar. This was not at all like that. The acting was extremely flat and uninteresting, and the plot was so pointless. It didn't even seem to have any plot or character development. All the characters were so completely out of sync with each other that it made no sense. One character who was a fan of the show, the contestant who won, became a jerk about it because they couldn't relate to it. The whole movie felt like an experiment, to see if they could get away with just making the contestants act like puppets. The only redeeming factor was the music. It was OK, but nothing to write home about.  I would give it a 3 out of 10. I found it quite boring. The music is pretty OK, the acting was very uninteresting and the storyline was so weak and pointless that I found myself skipping most of the scenes.   If you're a fan and want to see "American Music Awards", go for it. I just don't want to pay $5 to see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the movie for the first time yesterday, and was immediately taken aback. It had no direction whatsoever. There were a few moments of humor, but it was pretty dull. There was no story to speak of, the characters were boring, the script was so poorly written it was difficult to understand what was being said. There wasn't even any dialog in the movie. And even if there was some dialog, it was so unbelievable and contrived that I felt like I had just been forced to read some ridiculous story. This movie was so bad that I couldn't even watch it on DVD.  The only thing worse than being bored is having to sit through the entire movie, and I can't imagine anyone who would sit through this without at least giving it a chance. It's just so awful that it actually makes me sick to my stomach.  It's not even funny, it's just a waste of time.  I'm so sorry, but I hate this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a typical "what the hell was that?" -type movie -with a few twists. It has the usual predictable ending -the murderer has been found, but it turns out he was killed by a group of police. A few years later, the killer comes back to life and commits another killing spree.  I am sure that this is a movie that was made to entertain the film-makers, but not the audiences. It is a sad movie. But I can understand why some people like to watch this kind of movie, because the director wanted to shock the viewer. However, the film has a poor script, poor acting, and terrible acting-by the characters. The story is boring, the acting is weak, and the story itself is too predictable. A lot of the actors could have been a lot better in the "Pony Express", but the movie is a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the original trailer for this movie and I thought it was pretty cool. The original trailer is about 10 minutes long, and only shows one character in the trailer. I thought this film was going to be a fun comedy, but ended up having to see it on TV. The film was about the same length as the original, but was not as funny.  The original film was actually funny and I enjoyed it.  This movie just isn't funny. The script is terrible, the director is awful and the actors are terrible. The only redeeming point I can find is the fact that they did not use CGI in this film. That is just a testament to how poor CGI is in these kinds of movies.  I just think that this movie is not worth seeing unless you are a really, really bored person. I have never seen such a poorly made film. It is very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only rate this movie 2/10 because I had really wanted to like this movie, and I'm really not a fan of action flicks. It just seemed like it wasn't really made to be an action flick, which is the kind of movie that you really want to see, but not if it is all action. There was nothing really moving in this movie. I didn't know why they decided to have the main character get knocked out and then be put in a coma (as if that wasn't enough). There were a couple of interesting bits, and a couple that were funny, but the rest were not very funny.  This movie isn't very good, but it is better than the other 2-out-of-10 rated movies on IMDb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was a mess and the story line, though not all the bad part, was the worst. I have seen worse, but I have never seen a movie so poorly acted or so stupid that this one could be considered to be any of the others. A complete waste of time. If I had the time to waste on this movie, I would have spent it on a movie like "The Big Lebowski" or "Sick Day" or some other such, where the story was actually interesting, rather than being completely wasted. The acting was terrible, and the script was completely ridiculous. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has some of the worst acting I've ever seen. There is so much filler and no real plot or anything to make it worthwhile. There are so many bad lines in the movie.  The first time I saw it, I was very surprised that I actually liked it. I just assumed that I was going to hate it, like all the other movies I have seen in the past couple of years. But it wasn't until later on that I realized the problem with this movie. It was just a terrible waste of time and money.  I hope this movie will get rid of it in the future. It just makes no sense at all and doesn't make the viewer care about the characters involved. If you want a fun movie with a decent acting, I would suggest not watching this movie...you can't even enjoy the movie itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has the worst acting ever in the history of cinema. There is absolutely no chemistry between the characters. No real sense of humor, no believable emotion, and just a very shallow storyline.  The only reason this movie was made was to sell a DVD box set, which the DVD contains nothing of value to the viewer. There are no jokes, no characters, no motivation. It is not funny, it's not interesting, it does not feel like a movie. The movie has absolutely no purpose or meaning. I was expecting a horror movie. I didn't. I felt bored. The only thing this movie has going for it is that it looks like an adult horror movie, which I am not. The special effects are bad, and the camera work looks really cheap. The acting is so bad that I actually laughed, and it was very upsetting to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an abomination. There's no story to it. No plot, no characters, no development, no anything. Just a bunch of people walking around and talking. There are some interesting details though, like the fact that the woman is pregnant.  It's just like The Man Who Killed Sally Brown! If it weren't so awful, I'd rate it an 8. But I don't. I'm an adult.  I know this isn't the director's fault. Maybe it was his first time directing. Or maybe the studio was scared off by this terrible movie. But why would you want to see this movie?  Don't bother watching this movie. Don't buy it. Don. Don' t. It. I'll tell you why.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie was so lame that it's funny. It's not like the other two movies I've seen from this "group" - the first being "Hangover," which had much more potential. This movie just doesn't deserve to be in the same company as the other movies in this group. It was so bad I actually thought it was an action flick! That doesn't mean it's a bad film, but I'm not really expecting much from a movie that doesn't even try.  "Horse Thief" is a horrible, over-the-top, cheesy film with terrible special effects, bad special effects and a lame story. I'm sorry, but this film made me laugh just once, when the characters got stuck in a car. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was an absolute waste of time. The acting was terrible, the story was ridiculous, and the direction was so awkward and not believable that I felt like the director just gave in to his own insanity. I had to laugh and break out in tears throughout the entire film because it was so stupid. It is basically the same movie, but in the original it had the characters' names spelled correctly, the dialog was more natural, and there was more focus on the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, just like the last two I've watched, is an example of how movies of this ilk have been ruined by a low budget. You can't really tell that this is an "old fashioned" movie, and you certainly can't tell that it is "modern." All it's done is to make an old fashioned character into a "modern" one. All it does is give the same old lines and same old jokes. It is just an excuse for the director to make a bunch of really awful movies. And, at least in this case, he made a bunch and they were not particularly good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I know it's not supposed to be, but the director tried to make a point by having the main character talk about a lot of "tricks" and "hints". This is a movie about how to get into a movie theater. The only problem is that there is no point in watching it.  And I am not exaggerating. I saw it all. I laughed. I didn't even remember the names of the characters. The movie is about how the characters try to get out of their theater seats to see the movie. They are supposed to make them feel uncomfortable because the theater is too big. In this movie the audience is supposed to feel like they are going through hell because the movie is too loud. I'm not kidding. I've seen a lot worse movies, but this was the worst movie I have seen in my life. I was expecting a movie with a story line to make the characters feel bad for being so loud. This movie was not that. I think the director should be put in a mental institution. He should be locked in a room until the movie comes out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director (Robert A. Moreno) wanted to be a great horror filmmaker but he couldn't get a script to fit. He has no real plot and really doesn't care about his movie at all.  The first time I saw the trailer, I thought it was funny because it sounded like a comedy. When I watched the trailer and watched the movie, it was just plain boring. The acting was terrible and I really didn't care for the gore. The director had a bad script, and it was really disappointing to see him waste the money he spent on the film. The movie could have been much better. I'm sorry that this movie is a flop and I'm not sure why it's been around for so long. The only reason I saw it was because I thought the trailer was funny and I thought that Robert A. was a real director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an utter failure and no one will like it. The only good thing about it was that it was released in the UK, which is a rare treat for British movies. However, they don't care about films like this.  And, let me say this, there was an interesting story in the trailer.  The characters were the worst in any of the films I've seen recently, not even in The Hangover (which has the only truly original story line), but in this film. I can understand why they're so afraid of being labelled a "horrible movie", but I just wish they would stop making them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was made to promote the movie: "The Last Stand".  The only good thing about it is that they made the movie in Australia. I guess that's all they could do. The movie is basically a copy-cat of "The Lost", but the actors didn't make much effort to give the movie a unique feel. The "Lost" is more interesting and fun. The actors were not good, and the script was just so weak. It was a bit too similar to "The Walking Dead", which I think is a waste of time. It's a very dull movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe I was actually watching this. I thought it was just one of those things you can watch when your friends are around. The acting is terrible and the storyline has nothing to do with the main character. And it gets worse when you see the other two girls in the movie. They act like they are doing something important by making their character seem attractive, but then when they get into a relationship they act like their character is boring and don't care at all about the main guy.  It seems like the movie was made to make a point. I can see why people make these movies but it isn't a good movie. And I am very disappointed that a movie that I really liked was actually made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the third time in the past two years I've seen a bad comedy movie. The third time was with "Killer Shrews" (the second time was when I saw it as a kid). This movie was also a complete waste of time and I had to spend at least half an hour on the phone talking myself out of it. "Kill Me Now" is a complete, utter waste of your time.  The acting is horrendous, the direction is bad, the writing is bad. This movie is just so, so boring and so, SO WRONG. It's a movie that makes you want to vomit. And I don't mean vomit from laughter. I mean vomit for you. I don' t even care if you can laugh at it, just know that you are experiencing it as I did. It sucks. It makes you hate everything about it. I really did not care about any of the characters. I hated the story, I hated most of the jokes, I had no interest in the plot, I just felt that it was a waste of my time. This was a complete disaster.  If you can't find the time to see this movie, then you have no self-respect. You have no soul. You just don't care about anything, you just want to feel bored and be happy.  You have to be a real human being. You don't want to watch people get killed, you don't just want a laugh. You want to be able to just turn on the TV and watch people suffer.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie really weird, I can't say I'm a big fan of comedy, but I found the humor to be just laughable. I have seen this movie on cable, and I can say the actors are terrible, and the humor is nothing special.  I can understand that there are funny moments in the movie, but the whole movie is nothing but flat. It's not funny, it's not good, it is simply a boring, and in my opinion, a very unoriginal, piece of crap. This movie should have been made way back in the early 1990s, but people keep making this movie and continuing to make it. I'm sick of watching this crap. The movie has a lot of problems, but there is still enough humor that it doesn't really deserve a 1/10 rating. I recommend not watching this movie, it will only get you laughing at the expense of yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only positive comment I can find in this movie is that it had a great ending! What I would like to say is that you could have easily made the movie a 3/10. A lot of the plot points that are supposed to happen in the movie are completely pointless and the movie could have been easily made into a comedy. The movie is filled with bad jokes, terrible acting, and boring dialogs. In fact, the movie is just awful. If you want to see an enjoyable movie, don't waste your time on this movie. I give this movie a 1/10 and hope that you don't like watching people get killed in movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this film was that a child of the future is brought into the present day to help the people who live there. This film is nothing of the sort. A boy is abducted and taken to another dimension where he is forced to fight monsters, find other children to help them and save the world from being destroyed. All of this is a huge waste of time and effort. The acting is terrible, the script is weak and the direction is so bad it makes me want to throw it off the screen. The ending is not even a joke. I was expecting a film with a decent ending, but I just got the ending that was the most boring, most unbelievable and most confusing. This isn't even a decent flick for the kids. It isn't for the adults either.  I give this movie a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a chance to watch this movie at a local theater before it went on the market. I was shocked by the amount of time spent on the character's heads in the beginning and at the end of the film. I had no idea how the film was made. If I were a betting man, I'd bet that the director spent an hour and a half on the heads of the characters.  There was absolutely no plot whatsoever. There was no motivation for the characters' actions. Nothing. The characters were never anything more than walking, talking, acting out of time, and having no impact on the story. And even though they were so poorly made, the film is at least entertaining. I couldn't recommend this movie. If you are going to watch it, don't waste your time on the movie. Don't waste money on it. Don the movie on DVD or watch it on a video if you can find it.  I don't know if this movie was made to promote a video game or not, but it definitely looked like a video games-inspired movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so expecting to love this movie. I mean, after seeing the trailer, I assumed it would be one of the best movies of all time. What a surprise. Not only is the movie not entertaining, it's a complete waste of time.  The characters are stupid and the plot is a waste of space. Even the sound effects are awful. It's so bad that the sound from the movie was so annoying that I would just turn the sound off. Even when I watched it in my friends house, I would often hear the sound of a microwave oven being turned on, and the movie would end almost instantly. This is not a movie for children, it is an adult movie.  I gave it a 2/10 because I am a sucker for the "The best movie ever" line and the rest of the movie is just a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very low budget flick with a very poor script. The characters are wooden and the story is just plain stupid. You can't blame the director though because he is trying to make a film which he thinks will appeal to the viewer. The actors are not very good either.  This movie isn't so bad for those who are only interested in the plot or have no idea what it is about. The problem is that it isn't entertaining at all. It's just plain boring. I guess the director was just trying to do something interesting, but failed. I can't say anything bad about this film because it just looks so bad and has very low production values. The movie isn not worth watching if you want to see a low budget movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was disappointed that I did not see any "truly groundbreaking work" that made this movie stand out from other similar fare. I'm sure that this movie could have been better with better directing, editing and music. There was very little action. There were some really lame moments. The acting was very wooden and there was nothing new that I saw. There is no need to make this film look like a rip off of "The Three Faces of Eve".  This is just an embarrassment and I hope it will be a learning experience for those who are hoping to make a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was supposed to be an educational film about the life of a woman. It turns out that it wasn't.  The story and characters were extremely shallow and the acting was really bad.  I am really disappointed because I really wanted to see a movie that had some plot, a storyline and something to actually educate me. I did not get any of those from this movie. I'm not a movie critic, but I really do care about movies. I wish that I could have made a negative movie review, but that would have been really long and boring. This movie should have never been made and I would like to see the plot again, but the acting in this movie made it too boring to do so.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big fan of The Twilight Zone. I watched all of the episodes. I had the most high expectations. And I thought I was going to enjoy it.  I got a very big surprise. It turned out to be a very poor show. It is a terrible, dull, uninteresting show. I found the episodes very boring, and I could not understand the plot. The only thing that kept me watching this show was the sound of the television. I did not understand what was going on, I just listened. I even found it annoying.   The acting was not even half a step away from the actors in the Twilight Zone episodes. The script was a little slow, and the episodes had a very slow pace. I could only watch 4 of the 12 episodes. It really was a waste of my time.  This is the first time I watched the show and I was totally disgusted. I would recommend not watching this episode. I do not recommend the show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I can't even describe it. There are scenes where you are in disbelief and can't believe that what you are watching is even happening. There's even a scene where the actor tries to imitate his character. I don't know how the director made it through the whole movie, but that's his problem. The rest of the cast is pretty good, but they really should've stayed out of the movie. The story line is a mess. They should've tried to do more with the story and kept the story more interesting. They could've done a better job portraying the main character, who is a really bad actor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is truly a waste of time. Not a single character was memorable.  The storyline, plot and the direction was not very well conceived. The acting was pretty bad, but I will give a big point to the special effects and makeup. The film was just a mess. If you like to see a bunch of idiots get killed then this is the movie for you. If not, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not that much of a movie but it did entertain me for 10 minutes and I am not a big fan of Bollywood. I watched it twice and I think the first time was when I was bored and was wondering why the movie was taking so long. It is very annoying that they do not have a single scene where the actor can actually talk to the camera.  I think that the director should just go back to his own place, watch the whole movie, and just forget it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure if it's a movie or just a series of clips. The characters are so stupid that it's hard to believe that they're human, and the whole thing seems to be edited and edited to fit into this short, 2-hour format. There are so many jokes that it would be too long to list here. The main problem is that the show is so shallow and poorly directed that it has a lot of time and attention on itself. It's like a low-budget, cheesy version of the show "Saturday Night Live", only a few years later. It would have been better if the actors and the director had been allowed to tell the audience exactly what they were doing. It looks so tacky, and like it would have gone over to a bad place. It doesn't even make any sense. This isn't a series, and it should have been a series. The producers should have known that it was not worth their time and money to produce. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that this film has a real problem. The actors are terrible. The director, although not the main writer, is a mediocre director who should be more respected. This is one of those films where the actors are just trying to make a big deal out of their role, and in most cases they do it poorly. However, I think it's worth mentioning that the actors were good in other films, like "The Naked Gun" and "The Wild One". So I can't really blame them.  The acting in this film is about equal to the previous ones. The problem with the film is that the director wants us to like the characters and therefore does not show them in the proper way. The plot is too predictable, and the movie is filled with pointless jokes that just won't get you laughing.  If you want to see a film with a boring plot, a boring acting and an boring script, go see "Gonzo's" (the best film I've seen in years). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the biggest disappointment I've had in watching a movie in a long time. I know that you may think that the movie is supposed to be about a crazy man who lives in the forest, and kills animals, and gets caught up in the middle of a battle between the U.S. Army and the Japanese Army. But, there's no way that it's supposed to make sense. There's no plot, no real story, no characters. It's just a bunch of animals that are killed in this movie. They're killed because the movie was made by a bunch a people that don't know how to do anything.  The best part of the movie, I think, is the music, which is really bad, and the ending, which you could see coming at you. The movie was just too boring. I really wanted to see it, but didn't because it was so boring.  In my opinion, it's better to be a movie without a plot, than a movie with a plot. I'd give this movie a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of drunk men and women, acting as if it were a comedy film, get drunk and make fun of some of the more ridiculous things that happen around them in the course of this film. But the film is so bad, and so unwatchable, that you really need to see the original, or better, and see what the director was trying to do with this version. The original has a lot more substance than this version does.  The original is much funnier. The new version, in my opinion, is worse. It's so stupid that you have to wonder if the original director, who wrote it, was drunk.   I give it a 2/10. The movie itself was so bad that I'm surprised it made it to the DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of a "Tower" is pretty cool, but there's no way it could be a good movie. This is not the kind of movie where the characters are believable or even remotely believable, except for the fact that they do their jobs. It's all a bunch of clichs, and all of them are bad. The only good parts are the last 15 minutes of the film. That's the only part where the movie has any semblance of being coherent, as all of the plot points are all completely unrelated to each other and completely pointless. The movie's main character, the main villain, the two main heros, and the main love interest are the only three characters who make sense. The rest are all just wasted energy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are several reasons why this movie is so terrible. For example, it seems like it was shot on a cheap camera.  The movie is very low budget, and it makes it look like a bunch of amateur amateur porno. There is a couple of great shots in the movie, but the rest is terrible. I can't say much about the acting because it was so terrible, but if you see it on a crappy video, it'll be obvious that the actors have no talent.  And worst of all, the plot. It was so bad, that I had to rewatch the entire movie just to see if it was a joke or if it wasn't. The movie only lasted 2 minutes and 50 seconds, and that's how it looks. I'm so disgusted with this movie that I can only recommend this movie for people that are in the midst of a bad mood, or if they are looking for some mindless porn. If you want to see a good movie, go see the last "Mad Men" episode, "Don Draper Goes to College" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film's sole purpose was to promote and profit from the "Buffy" and "Angel" franchise, with all the money it could get. This is a poor attempt at an action thriller that never got past the first 30 seconds.  The story is the lowest level imaginable. It was so obvious the writer was trying to copy the "Firefly" story line from the show, but with the actors and setting. The story had too much wasted screen time and could have been better spent in the middle of the episode. I can't believe the movie has been in development for more than three years. The acting was terrible, but it could have made a decent action movie. I'm surprised anyone even bothered to make it.  A waste of time, and a waste of money. I wouldn't waste time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on the video and it was so bad, that I could not stop watching. I thought the idea was pretty funny, and the idea of having two kids watching a movie was funny, but the idea that the two kids are trying to play an instrument made no sense at all.  The characters are stupid and the story was pretty boring. I really don't know how they could have thought that a movie like this would be good, because I have seen so many movies that were much better.  I think that if they were making a sequel to this movie, they would have better luck with it. This movie should be renamed "Ponchito a la Voz." This movie was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has the biggest problem I've seen on this site since the last movie. You can see everything in the first 10 minutes of the film. But after 10 minutes you are lost, and the only thing you can do is look for clues.  It's very clear that this movie is a comedy. It has nothing to do with the original movie. It's just a joke. There is a few jokes that were funny, but not worth mentioning. This movie has very little plot, nothing to keep the movie going, and I felt that the director was just trying to get as much money as possible. I can't think of anything else to say about this movie, but if you want to see a really bad movie, this is the one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was at work and watching this film in the morning. I had to be at work to get my day started. When I saw the name of this movie, I knew it was the movie I was expecting to see. It was awful.  The acting was terrible. I was so disgusted with the script. And then it was just too long and boring. You would have thought the movie was made by someone who doesn't understand how to make a movie. I can't believe this was made for free, or the movie studios would have been embarrassed. It is simply an embarrassment. This movie was a waste of time and money. I think it was made because there was no money to be made. I hope that the studio could make this movie again but they don't have the money.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so boring, so predictable and so stupid, it's almost as though they made this for the kids. I thought the movie was going to be funny, but then I realized it wasn't. The movie was a bunch of clips that could have been better. I could have spent hours writing an ode to this film: It's really awful, a real waste of time, and I can't see it as anything but a waste of your time. I'm sure that people like this movie for children and that it's intended to be entertaining for kids. It's just too boring to watch for adults. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts with a great bit of action, and there is a lot of it, but after that it gets terribly predictable and not much fun. The story and characters don't make much sense. There are several plot holes and the movie is really slow and doesn't get much of an emotional punch.  There are no decent action sequences and there are no good fight scenes either.  In the end it just looks like a movie that was shot and the actors used too much makeup and makeup to make it look real. There is no plot at all and the acting is poor and there aren't any great moments. The movie was made for a video game rather than a film. The acting was a disappointment for a film that was really badly made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so bad I don't know how to make sense of it. There are no plot or characters to tell a story, just a bunch of people talking and screaming.  This movie just comes across as a bunchy, tacky, low budget action flick. It's just not even interesting enough to make me want to see it.  But the movie has an interesting idea, in that people are killed and the bad guy is on the run and people don't want to believe him. It does a little better in the editing department where the camera moves around a lot, and it is a little harder to watch. But that was just to save money and they probably could have made a good movie with better editing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful movie. There is not a single good plot, no plot twists or surprises. There are not even any actors. They are mostly very mediocre, and the story is so unbelievable and so predictable that it's impossible to take it seriously. It's like an amateur version of the "Tiny Toon Adventures" or "Scooby Doo Mystery".  I thought it was supposed to be funny, but it's not.  The story is about a small dog who's always running around. Every time he runs, he bumps into something, and then he runs away from it. That's it. If you have ever seen the TV show "Sesame Street", you know what kind of story this is. I really can't believe they have to make a movie that is this bad. How can they expect to make money from it? It is really not worth it. It is just so awful. I just want to see some good cartoons. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie just got me absolutely sick. The plot was so incoherent that I kept getting more and more confused as to what was going on. I know that the director has directed other movies in the past but this was by far the worst. The acting was completely awful and the story just wasn't worth telling. The only thing that I found interesting was the final scene with the villain and his goons.  I can't even recommend this movie to anyone. The idea is so weak and the plot so unbelievable that it makes the average horror movie look really impressive. I mean, I saw that movie, you know what I mean. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never been so disappointed in a movie before, and I am not sure why I have. The plot is lame, the acting is awful, the direction is awful and the script is so poorly written. There is no logic to the story, there are no stakes or consequences for the characters' actions. I feel that the whole movie was made by a bunch of bored teenagers who had no talent for making movies, and it should have just been cut and put on the DVD.  If you can find a copy of this film somewhere and you're willing to spend some money on it, I would recommend not watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really want to like this movie but it's a horrible mess. The plot, acting, direction and direction of the music was absolutely awful. I had to wait the whole movie to get through a single act. I could not understand what was happening in the movie (aside from the music) or why this was a movie. The movie's premise was completely unbelievable. I don't understand how this movie could be a comedy, but the director, writer and music composer clearly didn't understand the concept. There was no comedy in the film. It was just one long boring movie.  I had heard the director was a director for Disney's animated film "The Lion King", so I had a little bit of hope that this movie might have been directed by the same person who made the Lion King. That didn't happen. The music and acting were absolutely awful, and the story had no redeeming qualities.  The only redeeming quality was the music. I didn't mind the music because the movie was awful, but I didn the lyrics were annoying. This movie made me want to cry, but it didn't make me laugh. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is so awful and so poorly made that I am wondering how anyone could have been so stupid as to allow this to be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can understand the reasoning behind the director's decision to release this film. This is one of the worst films I've ever seen.  This is a movie that you'll be able to sit through only for the sake of your friends who want to see it. There are no laughs. There is no real plot. No real emotion. No story. No reason for the characters to exist.  It's so bad, I can't even imagine what was going through the minds of the actors. It's almost as if this was a series of vignettes.  The movie has one shot in the whole movie.  There is also a long list of actors and actresses that are supposed to be in this movie. It looks like they were cast in the movie, but weren't able to get into it.  Oh, I guess that's what they thought.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had all the elements that made me give up on movies and watch them over and over again. It had some good acting, but not much of it. I could understand why they made it for TV, since it's not a lot of money but not that much to work with. I was expecting something much better. But the problem was that the movie itself was pretty bad. The only thing I can think of is that they had to make the movie because of the DVD sales. But, if they could have just made a decent, but brief, version of this movie, it would have been great.  I can only hope that they are going to come up with a sequel to this movie someday. Maybe they should try to find some good actors and hire them to play some of the parts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been over three years since this was made, and I still don't know if I've seen a single positive review on the net.  The acting is terrible. The script is awful. The plot is bad. The only reason this movie was made was that it had a few bits of nudity that made it a little bit different. That wasn't enough to make this film a decent effort. This is one of the worst attempts at making a porno ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible movie, I can't believe the writers of this movie made it.  The story is a pile of nonsense, and the acting is atrocious, I mean I've seen the acting in films that I've rated at 90% and it's amazing. I was just as shocked as anyone when I read the description of this film, it says the following...'We will be a movie for the ages and it will be just as great as the original "Passion of the Christ"'. I don't think there is anything remotely close to this film in any other Hollywood film I've ever seen. It's just the worst.  I just want to say that this movie should never have been made and I'm surprised that someone did it. The acting was so bad that I would have laughed if they had a good script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those films that just make you want to rip the DVD off and burn it. It is a very boring and forgettable movie. The acting is awful and the story just makes no sense. The script is so badly written that you can't believe the words are even being typed. The characters are so uninteresting and uninteresting that you just want to punch them and leave the room. The dialog is so dull that you'll probably want to kill the actors if you're lucky enough to see this film. It's just one of the worst films I've ever seen.  This movie is so bad, you don't even want to think about it, you just get your friends to watch it and laugh at it.  The director clearly has no idea what he's doing, because he gives a good script to his actors. The only reason he makes it so boring is because he doesn't understand the characters. I just wish that the director would just stop making these movies. I don't want to see them ever again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film to be the most boring, horrible film I have ever seen.  It seemed that most of the plot lines were predictable and the dialogue was not that good. The actors were not even in the film, they were just standing around with no dialog or anything. I could not understand what was happening. The only time I found myself laughing was when the characters were talking about their dead boyfriends and husbands. I really had no interest in this film. I did not like the music, the voice acting was horrible, and the special effects were pretty bad.  I really did not enjoy this movie. I just think that they should have cut out most of it and made a little cut to keep the film interesting. It should have just been an hour of crap and not even a 10.  The only redeeming point is the fact that the movie had the "Wicked" logo on the back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got the chance to see this film in person. I was disappointed that it wasn't more of an homage to the first film in the series. This is one of the worst films I've ever seen. The characters were the same, and the plot was still horribly predictable. The plot, acting, and direction were bad. The film was a complete waste of time and I don't know what they could have done to improve the quality of the film.   There was nothing to look forward to in the film other than the final scene, where the movie finally got to the point of being predictable. That was it. The rest of the movie was a waste of your time. The actors are bad, the script was terrible, and you will not remember the ending.  The best way to enjoy the movie is to not watch it. It's only worth seeing if you want to laugh, but you will only enjoy the first movie more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My first film was a very fun, quirky, and memorable time. However, after watching the first film and the third, I felt I had wasted the time I spent.  This film was so much like the first, but so much worse. The story was so boring, the characters so unlikable, and the ending so unbelievable. The only good thing was that the title was the same, but the movie wasn't very entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing really redeeming about this movie; nothing except for the fact that it was released on DVD.  The story is predictable, but the acting is very poor; I mean, come on. The only thing that kept me from giving it a 1/10 was the fact it was only about 3 hours long. I can only imagine the torture and despair that went into making this one. The director and the writer must have really needed a way to make their movie into a big hit, because the results were not worth it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was one of the worst I have ever seen. The acting was terrible, the story was terrible and the plot was so pointless that it was almost funny. The only redeeming factor was the music. It was terrible. It is so hard to believe that a person could make a movie that was so bad that people actually laughed. If you want to see a film that is so terrible that you actually laugh, you have to see "The Godfather". If you have ever been in a car accident, you know how stupid and stupid that is. It's so stupid that it's entertaining, but not a good movie to watch. I don't even think anyone should have to endure this movie, especially since I think it is a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know this isn't your typical comedy. This film is just straight up boring and predictable.  In fact, this film is so awful it's actually not even funny. I know that comedies like this are supposed to be a little funny, but the whole thing is so flat, I felt like I was watching the characters speak and act like a bunch of amateurs. It just seemed like the director and actors had never really thought through the script. I can't believe that they actually made this film. It's not even worth mentioning that the cast was terrible. There were so many obvious lines that I had to take notes and read what I'd said, just to make sure I wasn't talking gibberish. The script was so terrible I was ready to throw up.  The ending is even worse. I feel like the writer had to try to justify the entire film's existence. In the end, we are all supposed to think that they were trying to make us laugh at how stupid this film was. However, they failed.  Oh well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to give this one 3 stars because it had been made so badly.  There are some decent moments, but it's not much fun to watch.  The writing is terrible. I think it should be the last thing that they have ever made. The actors are OK, but they can't get their lines right. They have some funny moments, and they are not believable, but the script is very poor.  I gave the movie 2 stars because there were some good bits. It should have been 1 star. It's too much like a slasher movie. The only good bit is the girl from the beginning of the movie, who has a really good performance, but she does not get the credit she deserves. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst horror movies I have ever seen. It is basically a remake of The Omen, except the Omen was a really good movie. This movie falls flat on its face. There are no laughs or action sequences. It just consists of lots of people yelling in the background.  The story is pretty basic and doesn't really go anywhere. I guess that is what most horror movies are like.  Oh, and there are a few scenes where a guy is killed in the shower. The scene where the guy is attacked by some giant rats (and the guy goes into the bathroom and gets stabbed to death) is pretty stupid. It could have been avoided with a better script.  If you want to see a bad horror movie, try this one. It isn't that bad, just not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Nasty, filthy and foul" (that was the description) is how the movie's director, Steven Seagal, described this movie. The acting was not very good, the plot was somewhat predictable, and the script was poorly written. The movie was simply bad.  The movie is full of stupid references to pop culture and not enough plot. If this movie had a point to make, it was to promote a brand of movies which are generally thought of as being bad. I think the reason that this movie was made was because Seagel was in a low mood when he made the movie.  "The Art of War", the movie where Seagall is best known for his acting, has been made into a movie called "Battlefield Earth". That movie contains all the same elements of this one, and worse. It is a mess of a movie, with no plot or purpose, and it only makes the director look like an idiot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only way I can describe this movie - "It's not about a movie, it's about a bunch of people having fun playing a bunch off their asses, and the other person who doesn't get the joke has to deal with the rest of the world, and probably gets killed in the process." And I think it was intended to be. I just got tired of it. But it's just so unfunny and sad - it's basically like the people in this movie don't even know what's going on.  And the worst part is - it was a movie - and the movie sucked.  I can't even count how many times I've said "that was a bad film!" but I can say it was more than half the time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has the same premise as "The Little Rascals," except for the fact that the characters are much more annoying. The movie begins with a scene in a hotel, where a drunk man is caught by the security guard, and the two characters argue about who would win a fight. The security guard is in a hurry to get away with this drunk and has to get the man to his room. In the meantime, the girl (who is the "heroine" of the movie) has a dream and tells the security guards about her boyfriend. After the security man comes back to his hotel room, the movie is over and the security guy decides to rob the man's room, and he pulls out a knife and starts to threaten the woman. The scene is predictable and boring. There's no dialog, and even the sound effects are bad. The ending is unsatisfying because it is so unbelievable.  I really didn't like the movie. I think it's a waste of money, especially considering the fact the movie was based on a comic book. But, I still liked the characters, and I thought the movie wasn't that bad. It just got really boring after the second or third time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a bit too short and had too much going on in it. It didn't have a proper story line. It was like an hour and a half of some guy telling the story of some lady who just won the lottery and got some money to pay a bunch of bills. And I'm thinking "This guy's got to have some backstory to this". The plot was just that, it didn't make any sense. And the story didn't build up in any way. It just felt like some guy was talking to some girl who was probably his sister.  I was expecting some good acting, but all I got was a buncha assholes talking about some chick who probably got pissed at the guy for what he did and what he didn't do. If you want to see a movie that's not worth a single penny, look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a lot of movies where a person is stuck in a bizarre situation, and in the middle of the movie the camera shows how far the person is going, but the movie is a total waste of time. This one doesn't. This is just a slow, boring and totally depressing film. The acting is terrible, and the directing is so bad. The ending is completely unsatisfying and the story does not make sense at all. This film is so awful that you are not even remotely surprised. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is nothing but the worst remake of a bad remake of another bad remake. The story and the acting is so awful that even in the original film it was okay.  The acting is really awful. I found the character to be pathetic and the whole movie has such a low budget, that I was not surprised to find it so cheap. The idea of the film, the premise of the movie, the setting and the characters are so far off the mark that I can't believe that the writer has any idea what he is doing.  This movie is like a horror movie with a terrible story and terrible acting. It's like the remake of the original Resident Evil, but worse. The characters are even worse. I've seen worse.  I don't understand how anyone can make this movie. If you have to remake a movie, make it something good. This is a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a bad piece of work. The plot is so predictable, the characters so uninteresting and the dialogue so shallow and unfunny that it makes even the worst of the Disney animated films look better. This movie tries to create an interesting and original story line by having a main character named Fluffy who was the star of the previous two Disney movies, but there is not even a hint of his existence. The story line for Fluffy is so unbelievable that even his own father thinks he is making up this story to be a distraction from his father's serious illness. And there's not a word of Fluffy's father in this movie, so I am going to assume that the entire thing was scripted by the movie's writers. If you are going to try and make up a movie that has no story line, you are really going to have to do a pretty good job.  The animation is so choppy and it's so poor that it actually looks like the animators were watching the film on their own monitors and then making it worse. I have never seen a movie with such poor animation and such terrible acting in a cartoon. The acting is so bad that you wonder how Disney allowed the actors to work at such a low budget.  I really thought that this movie was made to be an adult comedy, but it was so boring that I couldn't take it seriously and it had to be watched for a few hours just to get it over with.  And there was also no story to tell. I guess they thought that the only way to get their movie out there was to tell the story of Fluff's father and the family history he had to tell, but they had no idea how to do it.  Overall, I just can't believe that this film is a Disney release. If they were just going to make a fun adult film about a young guy in the woods, it would have been better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had really high hopes for this film but I was really disappointed.  The main character (a very creepy, extremely stereotypical black woman) is portrayed with a stereotypical accent. She is never shown to have a sense of humor and even when she is asked for one she is not able to come up with anything at all. Her speech is boring and she has no personality whatsoever. She has a very annoying laugh. Her character is just flat and uninteresting. Her husband, who is also a stereotypical black man, has a big role in the story and he's basically a stereotype as well. The story is about how the "bad" black people are supposed to act in the world, but it just seems to have gone a bit too far.  It's like the only black woman who knows how to act is a stereotypical one and she doesn't even like black people. It is just so boring and uneventful.  There are so many other things wrong with this movie and the director could have been a bit more creative in the script.  I was hoping for a great film but this is the most disappointing movie I've ever seen. It's really sad to see such a film being made, especially when there are so few black people out there who are actually doing anything for this world.  This movie is not even worth the watch. It sucks!   I'll see another movie about black people later, but I don't think this is going to happen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was really awful. The only reason I am giving it a rating below a 3 was because I saw it in a theater and I am a sucker for movies that come with a special box set, which was not included in this release.  The acting was laughable and the plot was so weak that I just wanted to see it get killed off. I would have thought the movie would have been a little better if it had been filmed in a studio. The plot seemed to be based on an old novel called "The Death of the Last Supper" (a real novel, not a movie).  If you want to see a movie that you will enjoy watching, do not watch this movie. The story isn't bad but it's just not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie. A few scenes and a few scenes of humor do not make this a bad flick, but the acting is really bad and the plot is very predictable. This movie is not worth a second viewing, but I did give it one star for the originality. The movie was released on DVD a couple years ago, but this is the first I've seen it since then. If you're looking for a cheap rip-off, look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the negative reviews about this movie, but it was worth the watch. I just can't stand when I watch movies where the female lead gets killed. The female lead is the one who has the power. The male lead is supposed to save her. The fact that she dies in the movie is really strange. The movie is a mess. It starts off very well. The story is OK, but the acting is terrible. The cinematography is pretty good, but I don't understand why the movie was made. There is no explanation of why the male lead did what he did. It's just a bunch of scenes with no real meaning. The only reason I can understand for the bad movie is because I'm a fan of the series. The director should have never made this movie. It was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a sad day, I just watched a movie which should have been a good film, instead it turned into a huge disappointment. I have been watching movies since I was 8 years old, so when I saw a director, who is only known for this movie, make a bad film, I was shocked. The acting was very weak, and the movie was boring to the point where it was unbearable.  If you are a film-maker, please avoid this movie. I can't believe this movie was made by a person who is known for his "good" movies. I just saw it and I don't know what I am doing here, what have I done? I mean what the hell did I see?  The only thing I can say is, "Good movie, but, just give me something better!" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been described as a "horrible, depressing and ridiculous" movie by many, but I can't think of a better description. The story is not that good and the acting is terrible (not to mention that the director and cinematographer had the gall to use a huge audience-drawing camera in a movie that's basically just a TV set) and the music was OK, but not great.  The movie starts off OK with the story of the girl who kills herself and the killer, but after this first act, the movie starts to lose its interest and gets worse and worse. The characters are flat, the acting not up to the usual standard of the genre, and the dialog is too much of a waste of time. The movie is really just about the main character (the killer) and his girlfriend (the girl's mother). The rest of the movie is just a waste. The killer is boring, the girl's mom is boring (the story is completely different), and the movie gets even worse when the killer and his girl meet a guy named Steve.   It's not a bad film, but it should not have been made. The director and the cinematographers could have made a movie much better than this, but then they would have to have known that a bad script can make for a good movie. The rest is just terrible, just plain awful. The whole movie should be taken down to the local movie theater and thrown out, and you can bet your life that they will never make another one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the third and last time I have seen this terrible movie. It has been in my collection for nearly 4 years. The only thing that kept me coming back was the fact that it was supposed to be a parody of "Clueless Women" and had been described as "like a sexless sex-comedy." I guess it just didn't have enough blood, gore, or nudity to make a point.  The plot is ridiculous. In fact, I would say it was a joke. I would like to say that the story was worth watching, but it was just way too stupid to make me care. I really wanted to know what the heck was going on, so I waited to see what happened next. I was just about to say, "WTF?" before it ended and I had to turn the DVD off.  I did laugh at the end, but I was only able to laugh because I didn't really care.   I have no idea what is going on here. This is really not a comedy. It is so boring and ridiculous that I'm surprised anyone even bothered to make it. I'm pretty sure there are only 3 people on the planet who would have watched this, and even less who would care. And even though I do have to give this 4 out of 10, I can't believe anyone would watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a disaster of a waste of money. There were a lot of things wrong with it but the worst one was that the entire cast was terrible.  The only positive point was the music. That was the only good thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so poorly made that it makes me wonder if the film makers had even seen the original movie. The plot seemed to be so shallow that it was laughable. I mean, it was obvious that the writer was not very good at writing, and the movie was very predictable.  And I had to watch the first 30 minutes of the film twice to get to the end. If I was going to do that, I would have spent much more time watching the original and then maybe had a few more laughs at the beginning.  I was so disappointed in the fact that it turned into a really terrible "WTF" movie. It was so boring, so formulaic and so completely unbelievable that I could not help but think that it had been made just for the purpose of ruining the original.  If you can read and understand what is happening in this film, then by all means go see it. If not, then don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for the first time after it had been released in America, and I didn't like it at all. I can't believe this movie made it into the theaters. It was bad, and it made me feel disgusted that this film was made.  The plot was ridiculous, and the acting was so bad it made you wonder how they could possibly get any work out of actors. The movie was so boring, you wouldn't want to stay through it. The actors looked like they were barely able to keep their eyes on the screen. The acting was bad in every aspect, and so was the directing. I don't understand how anyone could make this into a decent film, it is just a mess. The plot, the acting, the story, everything was horrible. I feel like I watched the last episode of a bad TV show, except worse.  I would have preferred that they had never released this movie, as I think it would have been a very entertaining film, with a bit more substance.  It was just so bad, it made my mouth water at times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are no laughs in this film. The only good thing about this movie is that the acting is really bad. This movie is so bad, that it's actually entertaining to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a total waste. The only thing that saved it was the actors and the fact that it's based on a really bad movie made in the 70s, but they got to make a movie that is even worse than this one. I thought that if this was a 70s movie, the script would have been much better. The actors sounded like they were bored and they didn't even know how to act. I found the script to be a waste of time and I think that this movie was made for people who don't like action movies. It's about as close to the original movie as you can get without actually watching the movie. The story is boring and the actors don't know how bad it is and it just seems like they have a hard time getting their lines right. I didn't like the fact they made a parody of the movie's title. It seemed a little odd that the title should be something like "The Craziest Movie Ever Made." I would have much rather watched this movie without the title.  The acting is OK, but the plot is awful. It takes a really long time to get the plot going and the movie doesn't seem to have a plot.  I can't recommend this movie. It isn't worth watching. I just don't understand why anyone would watch this film unless they wanted to see some real bad acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would say that I saw it once, but I was too late to get to the theater. I had to go on the Internet and find the movie when it was released. I couldn't believe that a movie that was made in the 80's, which had such great ideas and which was actually made in Canada, would be so bad. But it was. I saw this movie with my roommate, who was watching it with a friend, and both of us got completely turned off by it. I can't believe a movie was made for a TV show that didn't even air in Canada. If you're expecting a good movie, then watch this movie on YouTube. It's not worth your time or money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure if this is one of those movies that are intentionally bad or a low budget film that people just made and don't care if they make it bad. I guess this is what the "worst" movies are. You don't see a lot of comedies and this one is a comedy. I was laughing the whole time, but then I was left wondering why I kept laughing throughout the whole movie. The jokes are pretty basic and not funny at all. And then I got to the part where the main character is having sex and I felt like I was watching some kind of porno. The sex scenes are way too much for my liking. I don't know if this movie is intended to be a parody or just a comedy that people will see and laugh at. The plot is so convoluted that you just get bored. I just don't understand how they got away with this.  I guess if you don't want to see this movie, then don't buy it. Otherwise, I guess you have to see it. If you do, just ignore it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to seeing this movie. It was supposed to be a sequel to "The Last House on the Left". However, I didn't think it was worth the hype. I can't believe that a bunch of kids made this movie without even checking the original, which was actually better than this. There are too many plot holes, poorly done, and it just doesn't make any sense at all. The plot doesn't even make sense. There is no ending, which I'm sure you can figure out by the end of the movie. I'm a fan of the original "The House on Lost Hill", so I was very disappointed in the movie adaptation. This one just wasn't that good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst I have ever seen. It has so many plot holes, plot twists, and plot holes that it would have made for a very interesting movie. It is just a very long movie that seems to be a waste of time for whoever was making it. It isn't even very interesting to watch. I'm sorry if I offended anyone with this review, but I don't think I did. I don a few things that were wrong in my previous reviews. I will try to rectify these mistakes, but it will be a long, tedious process.  I do not know what was going through their minds when they made this movie. They must have had a lot of ideas. I mean, this is an episode where a guy is abducted by aliens. It was not a very good idea to include a plot twist where the guy ends up in the alien hospital.  The only thing I liked about this movie is that it seemed to have some of the worst sound effects I've ever heard. I still don't understand how the guy made it through this movie without getting killed. This movie should have been made for kids. I was a kid when I saw this movie, and I don' t understand how they made it. I've watched the original series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director's idea was to make a comedy about a young couple who decide to move in together. He tries to pull this off, but it goes terribly wrong with a few scenes. First of all, the husband (Richard Belzer) seems to be a complete idiot with an attitude that is completely out of place in a couple that is living together. The wife (Kathy Bates) is a bit of a typical middle class housewife, but the husband is a complete stranger who thinks that the couple should move in. The problem is that the husband never gives the wife any money (or anything of value) and it is not clear if the wife is even able to pay him back for the money he gives her. The only real funny part of the movie is that Belzer's character tries to get the wife to agree to have sex with him every night for free.  The movie gets worse from there. Bates is totally unlikable, and there is not much else to do except watch and criticize the actors' facial expressions and actions. The whole movie is basically one big B-movie with no humor, but unfortunately it is in a totally lame style that would be better suited to something like the classic "Saturday Night Fever". I really hope that the director had the good sense to get a second opinion of the script before filming. If not, the movie would have been a total waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a waste of time. It's basically a two-hour long montage of nothing, with the occasional brief appearance of an actor that is very weak, and the rest of the time, nothing really happens, other than the usual recycled "cameras" and special effects. The only real purpose of this film is to make people laugh. But the jokes aren't funny enough to make the viewer forget about the lack of quality, or the fact that this is just an excuse to show people the "big" movie.  The film's most interesting fact is that the actors are supposed to be from the same movie-making team as Robert Townsend, who played the main character, in the other version of this movie. I have no idea why that happened. If you are a fan of Robert Townsend (or any of his other movies), I would advise you to avoid this movie completely. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My son was very disappointed. It was very difficult to understand what was happening. I would say this was a very bad movie. There was a lot of violence in it. My son had a hard time understanding what was going on and I think the only reason that I was able to understand the movie was that the actors were speaking. I'm guessing it is because they weren't speaking English. I can't imagine anyone who would want to watch this movie because it was so poorly done. I wish there were better movies. I know that I'm not the first person to have this problem. This is probably not the only one, but it was the worst one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My first thought when watching this was that it would be funny, because the title was so stupid.  After watching it, I had a headache. And I was going to say "you people are making fun of me!" But instead, I said "yeah, that's what this movie is about."  I'm not sure if they're really in it for the laughs, or the sex/porn scenes. Either way, I just want to say that I really wanted to see the movie and I had no idea it would actually be this bad. The sex scenes were pretty bad. I could have left the movie alone, but I didn't.  It's really a waste of time. This movie was just plain boring.  I guess the producers did their best to make it seem funny. Unfortunately, I don't think it succeeded. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A remake of the "I Love You" movie. I guess they had to do it because it's been around since the 70's. There is only one person in this film who is able to make it interesting. He's named "Mike" and he's in the movie for about 5 minutes.  He is a very bland actor and the whole movie is boring. This movie was very predictable, and I felt that the actors were just trying to be a part of this movie. It's a waste of time.  The movie should be called "I'm a Loser", it should have been the title of the movie.  This movie does not hold a candle to "I Like You", it's just plain awful. The characters are predictable, the script is predictable, it's all too predictable. This is just plain boring.  If I could give it one point I would be giving it to the writer of "I love You", he made a lot of good stuff out of it. The script was a lot better than "I like You", the acting was better than that, but still, it was not good enough.  It's just an absolute waste of your time. This film is one of those movies where the only good thing that comes out of the whole thing is that you know the story is about a girl who is in love with a loser, and it gets better when the loser dies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so devoid of humor and substance that I have no idea what the plot is supposed to be about. It's a really lame excuse for a horror movie to be so poorly acted, directed, and written. It would have been much better if it were more shocking and disturbing. This film could have been better if the characters had more personality. They're just so shallow and lifeless that I couldn't even relate to them.  It should have been so much better, but this is a very mediocre horror flick at best. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never seen this film. This film is basically an advertisement for a crappy movie, and I am not exaggerating at all. If you don't know what this movie is supposed to be about, don't waste your time. It isn't even a comedy.  A few funny bits here and there, and it's not like this movie was trying to be very funny at all, but the movie just feels like it could have been better. The acting is bad. The story is too simplistic, and the ending just doesn't make any sense. You would have thought this was a comedy, but it isn't. I give this film a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't understand why the makers of this movie thought it was okay. I mean, come on! They should have at least put in some decent effects. It's not even remotely a real movie and you have to give it a 10 out of 10.  I mean it's just really bad. The sound is horrible and it looks like it was made on a video game console. You can tell that the actors and the director don't even care that it looks so awful. They probably made the movie so they could sell it to a distributor. I know it's not really a horror movie, but that should be enough reason to give a movie a 10/10. This movie is just so boring, so poorly made and so devoid of anything entertaining to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was so bad it's not even funny. I really didn't get the point of the movie and couldn't understand why the writers didn't understand what the movie was supposed to be about. I mean, it was supposed not to be a comedy, but it wasn't. I can't think of any other movie that was made so poorly and has such an annoying title. I thought the movie should have been called "Crippled In The Bathtub" but that just seems so lame. I hate this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at the cinema the other night and was very disappointed. It was terrible, a complete waste of time and money. I really hope this director was not actually the director of this film because I really thought he was brilliant when he made "The Man with the Dragon Tattoo". He should have been a teacher.  A film where a woman is constantly threatened by a man, who keeps her prisoner in the room. This is the sort of movie you would expect to be made in a third world country.  I was also very disappointed that there were no subtitles. This film should have had a DVD and it should have done a better job of explaining the plot.  This film really does not deserve the rating it has received. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible attempt at a horror film. I think the concept of it is fine but the execution of it was bad. I was expecting to laugh at the scenes of the film but it's a bit more of a shocker than I'd like. I can only give it a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a great time on a cruise ship once with a friend, and he wanted to show me a movie: I was really excited to see a good movie, but the script and story were terrible! I've seen better script, and this is way worse. I really want to see some good movie and I just don't. I can't imagine why they made this movie, and I don't believe that this was made by Disney. I was so disgusted by the script, it makes me want to throw the DVD away. I mean, the movie was just stupid. It's not even a movie. I wish they made some good movies. I don`t know how to make a movie better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie for the sake of its plot twists and character development. The story is predictable, and the characters don't seem to care. There are several moments where characters come together, only to split up. I found myself thinking the characters were doing it just to make me think they were actually getting along, and I was only half-way into the movie before I stopped caring about it and started watching other movies. The film was over two hours long, and there were only a couple of minutes in the middle that didn't feel like they were getting to the end. The best way I can describe it is that it was like watching an episode of "How I Met Your Mother" played out on a much smaller scale.  The plot twists are all predictable and pointless, and that makes the movie harder to watch. I would have been better off waiting for the DVD release of the original "The X Files", which actually did a much better job of building a plot, but since that wasn't available when the movie was released, I was stuck with this one. I give it a 1 out of 10, and recommend that no one watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was not funny or even entertaining to watch. It was a total waste of time and money. The actors were awful, the story was completely boring, and the script was horrible. The only reason I can give this film an overall rating is because the acting was tolerable, and because the film was so poorly made I could forgive it if it weren't for the terrible script. The story was so bad that it actually made me want to punch a wall or something. I just couldn't suspend my disbelief for long enough to be able to see the plot line that seemed to be the only thing that was interesting in this film. The worst part of this film was that it was a waste of money. There were scenes that were simply uninteresting to watch and some scenes that had so little plot that you couldn't tell if they were actually going to be included in the final cut. There is no way to know what's going to happen in this movie because it was so obviously poorly made. I can't say the film is a waste because the actors and the story are decent, but I can say it's a waste if the film has a total score of 10/10.  The worst aspect of this movie was the fact that it's made by someone who is a huge fan of the "Ghostbusters" franchise. If you're a fan of "Ghosts", I suggest you stay away from this film because the script is so bad. If it were possible to make a good movie about a movie, this would be the perfect film. If not, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very lame movie. No special effects whatsoever. Nothing of interest happens. It's just a bunch of characters walking through a dark room with very few moving parts. I thought that this could have been one of the worst movies ever made, but I guess it was. I can't understand why people are so stupid to give this movie such a low rating. This is one of those movies that makes you want to throw up. It just makes no sense. It looks like a video game, except the graphics are so low-budget that it looks like they are made out of plastic.  It's so bad that I don't think that they actually made the movie. It was probably made on a computer and cut out the footage with a cheap VCR.  This movie is so boring and stupid that I just want to punch the screen and scream. It doesn't deserve a rating at all. This should be a 10.  I hate this movie, it's so awful that I wish I would never have been able to see it. I wish someone would put a stop to this. This film has no redeeming value whatsoever. It makes no real sense, there are no meaningful moments, the acting is so bad it hurts your eyes. This movie should be renamed "the Bored Movie". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not even joking when I say that this movie was absolutely terrible. It is simply NOT believable that these people were so happy with the fact that this was their first movie.  As for the acting, it was horrible. The only time I actually liked the acting was when a woman came up to the camera and said she was the mother of a child. This was about the worst acting I have ever seen. The whole thing was simply awful.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who was bored in a movie theater and did not want to waste their time. However, I would warn you against watching this movie with a group of people that are very good at acting. It's absolutely not worth it to watch this movie if you are alone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful, it is so low budget that it looks like it was made in the basement of a studio. There are very few scenes that could have been more interesting, they just seem so out of place. This movie has no story or character development.  The acting is so bad that you would think that the actors were forced to do the scenes, they must have been drunk. There was one really good scene in the movie, the first one, where the main character, Michael (Jason Daley), and his mother (Amber Stevens) get to know each other. The story goes like this; Michael's mom has her daughter (Linda Sorell) in a trance and wants her to take a test. But she does not know how to read the sign, she does the wrong answer, Michael wakes up. Linda tries to get Michael to take his mind off of his bad day, she tells him she is pregnant. Michael, being a kid, does not care, he decides to go on a trip to the beach with his family and his friends. But when he gets there, there is a storm. Michael has to swim for his life, Linda has to drag him out. Michael gets the girl pregnant and Linda wants to abort the child. So when Michael finds out that his mom is pregnant, he goes crazy, he wants his mom to have an abortion, and he kills her. The movie ends with him getting into the water and going to the other side of the ocean.  It is just so sad that a movie is so poorly made that the only thing that is left is a bloody, disgusting and embarrassing mess. It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just so poorly written and acted that it made me want to rip it apart and just spit out its contents. There was a lot of swearing, there were so many jokes that it's just not worth the time to watch them all. There were so few jokes that you could easily miss them and miss the joke in the movie.  I gave this movie a 1 because it was pretty funny for about 10 minutes, but the whole time I was wondering why they didn't add a little more humor. The movie had the most amount of swearing and so many funny little jokes that they made you think they were in a comedy. However, they didn.t.even make it a joke that way and it was so incredibly stupid. If you want to see a joke without swearing, just watch this movie and skip it all together. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning the first 3 minutes are very promising, and the ending is even better, but the rest of the movie is a total waste of time. The movie has no atmosphere, no real suspense, nothing. This is a movie made for 4 to 8 minutes. And that is really it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is weak and the acting is weak. I saw a trailer for it and it sounded promising but the movie just doesn't make any sense and the only good part of the movie is the story. It's just a bunch of boring guys acting like they are supposed to be stars.  I don't understand how they could have made this film in less than 4 weeks. How did they do it with all the money? I'm not saying the movie isn't worth a watch. I just think they should have just made the trailer. It looks better than the film and you can't tell the difference. It should have been a better movie if the actors had not been so weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so terrible, that even the director himself was confused on how to get it to work on screen. In fact, it was almost impossible to even watch. All the characters seemed like one big caricature of the human condition. The plot and action scenes were so uninspired, that it would have been laughable if not for the sheer ineptitude of the acting. I think the film is only a step up from the worst of the "crap" movies. I'm not sure what's worse, the film itself, or the actor who played the lead. I really think the character was supposed to be a psychotic murderer, but the character didn't seem to fit. It wasn't clear if he was really psychotic or just trying to be. If I was going to watch this film, I would have to rent it from Blockbuster or something.  I don't know what I was expecting, or even if I wanted to see this film. This is just an excuse to watch some trash. The only good thing about it was that it was in black and white. It would have looked even worse on DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie with so little content it makes it seem that the producers didn't even bother trying. It's just a bunch of talking heads talking to each other. There are some decent parts, such as when a man talks about his kids and their mothers. I mean, come on. That would have been hilarious. There is not even a plot in the whole movie, which makes it all the more frustrating.  The acting is really awful, especially for someone who is supposedly known for his acting.  I really wanted to like this movie. It is a very bad movie. I'm not sure how I was even able to see this movie with all of its flaws. I wish I could just throw it away and never look at it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was one movie that I was absolutely delighted to see in a movie theater and one movie I wish I had the chance to see again. It was "The Phantom Carousel" by Jean-Pierre Dessart, who was then a master of horror, and who is now one of the greatest French directors of the past 50 years. This movie is so horrible that you'll find yourself watching it over and over again just to get rid of it. It's as if someone was trying to create a movie out of nothing but pure misery. This is the movie equivalent of "The Matrix" in terms of total ineptitude. If you want to see a movie that actually looks like it's trying to be scary, but fails at it completely, you can rent "The Ring", "Ghost", or "The Conjuring". I've seen them all, but I really don't recommend renting any of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really dislike "The Legend of the Bison" but I was curious to see if it could be made better. It didn't, so I will be disappointed if someone tries.  "The legend of the bison" is a terrible movie. The acting is so bad that you wonder if the director even bothered to watch the movie, much less read the script. I mean, it's a movie about a man who can eat and drink as much as a bison, yet he can't even touch a bisons face. I'm sorry but this movie makes me angry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're a diehard Star Trek fan, then you'll love this film, if you're not then it's an insult to you. It's like The Wrath Of Khan or any of those old sci-fi movies, except that the whole thing comes off as a joke, and there is no humour to speak of. It doesn't even make sense, as the characters are so stupid that you'd expect to see them on a soap-opera. Even when they are in space, they act so stupidly that it makes you wonder if they are even human. The action is basically meaningless, and it has no originality whatsoever. It really makes you question whether or not they're trying to be funny, and that's when you start to question the whole movie. I'd like to know if they have any sense of humour at all. If they are, they are worse than the rest of us, and we can't even say they're funnier than the average sitcom.  It's definitely a waste of time, and a real waste of money.  And there are a couple of scenes that are worth mentioning, which you will probably only get to if you pay to rent it. One is when the guys who are supposed to be from the future go into space, and end up being in a big space battle. And one scene is particularly pointless, where the guy on the right side of the screen is supposed to talk to the guy who's on the left. The two of them talk about the movie, and the guy in the left-hand corner just keeps looking at the guy's screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, the director, Jim Carrey, is known for his movies such as "The Adventures of Buckaroo Bananas", "The Jerk", "Chop Shop", "Crazy Taxi", "It's A Wonderful Life", and "Clerks Man". I did not expect to see any of these films in a film, but I was wrong. This movie is just as boring as all of those. There are no jokes in this movie, and you just get bored after a while.  The acting is OK, and the plot is quite predictable. There is no suspense at all, and nothing really makes you think you are really in a comedy. This is just an ordinary horror movie, with no heart at all. This may not be a horror movie because I don't really understand the genre, but this movie is a total waste of time. The story is just so stupid that I could not help but laugh at it. I thought that this was going to be a comedy, and that was the reason why it was so bad. The acting was OK, but nothing else.  This movie was a total disappointment. I can't say that I am glad that I wasted my time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was an embarrassment to the fans of the original. It was really a shame to see such a low budget attempt to do the classic movie in the 21st century.  Some of the scenes were a little too silly to make the movie worth it. But what did it take to make a movie that was so bad? And how is it that a movie like this has the rights to the movie that it made? The movie itself seemed to be made to be in the style of the "Rambo" movie. However, the original was in all honesty, a comedy. This movie had no comedic moments. The acting was so terrible that I can't believe that anyone ever made this movie.  I don't think that any of the actors could have made the movie in better style. They looked like they had been in the middle of the road for 10 years trying to make this movie work.    The movie had a bad beginning, bad ending and bad direction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this film twice now and it is just plain awful! The script and acting are completely un-engaging and I just can't stand the fact that I have to watch this rubbish to 'get it' (it's so much better than the previous films!). I think this film was made as a publicity stunt for the film, and there is no real plot. It was filmed in Australia and it looked absolutely terrible.  The only positive point was the title, 'Fool's Island'. I'm still not sure how they managed to come up with that one...  I really dislike 'Fools Island', but I will admit that I enjoyed the original films quite a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am very upset that this movie was made and that I have to waste my time watching it. This movie had no plot, no dialog, no characters, no real suspense and I can't imagine what the purpose of this movie is.  The movie begins and ends with a man walking on top of the train. This scene is so bad and ridiculous that I can barely understand what is happening. The guy on the train is supposed to be a man who was killed in the train wreck and now he wants to get back to his old life.  And then he tries to convince the girl that he is still the same guy. There is no suspense. I can understand how someone made this movie. I just think they didn't even bother trying to make a movie.  I found this movie very disappointing and I am sorry for wasting time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was about a good guy who goes to a bad place and encounters some really bad things. But, no. All of the bad things in the movie are things that are actually from the movie: a guy who just went into the woods to find a cave, and then he goes and meets some bad things that he had no clue about, like bears and bears' friends, and you know, bears and humans and bears and kids.  It was an unmitigated mess of a movie. There were no redeeming qualities whatsoever. There was no sense of danger, no sense that this guy was going to get hurt, and no sense whatsoever that the movie was actually about something.  If this movie has a positive ending, I'll let you know. If it has a negative ending, please don't go see it. If you're a horror fan and you liked the movie because you wanted to see a good horror movie, this is not it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a complete waste of time. I watched the entire film with no enjoyment whatsoever. There are only two characters that matter, a man and a woman. They are completely forgettable. The story revolves around a woman, who is pregnant and has to leave her husband and live with her boyfriend. They meet each other at a car wash, where the man, who thinks that she is pregnant, wants to use her car, and she is forced to use his car to buy something else, which she has no money for. The only reason why she uses his car is to get the money to pay her boyfriend for a new dress. The film is so bad that I cannot explain why anyone would want to watch it.  A lot of the actors are so bad, that you wonder how they are able to act so well in other films. In this film, all of the cast members are awful, and they act like a bunch of fifth graders. I mean, who would have thought that these actors could act so poorly, and that there would be actors who would act so badly.  This movie should be watched, because it is so predictable. However, if you do not like movies that are too bad, then do not waste your time watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed when I watched this film, it is so bad that it almost makes you want to turn it off. It is so devoid of content that it would have been better off with a blank page and a blank camera. This is one of those movies that has so much promise and then collapses in a single frame. I really had to take my eyes off the screen for a while. The plot was so weak and the direction was so bad. I would give a 1/10 to this movie if it was on TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been a huge fan of the first four movies. But the fifth movie was a huge disappointment. Not only did it not do anything with the original plot line, but it also lacked any sort of plot. Just the usual boring scenes and slow pacing. The only saving grace was the fact that they kept the camera rolling on the "The Black Eye of Heaven", which was actually a very interesting film, but they wasted it completely. The film was made on an extremely low budget and they used the worst actors ever in this genre. I have to say that this movie was so bad that I almost threw it away. It wasn't even worth watching, I just wanted to see the end credits roll.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know if this movie has been made since it was made, or if it was ever made.  It has been shown to me, however, on DVD. It is, as I say, not good. It has a bad script, and I cannot say more about that. There are no funny moments or lines in the movie. It does not make you laugh. You just stare at the screen in despair and wonder what went wrong.  There are some funny parts, though. The "chick" scene is so bad that I actually laughed when I was watching it, but you cannot see it on DVD, so don't ask me. The movie is a complete waste of time. It's just not funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know who made this but I thought it was interesting. The fact that the movie starts with a scene of a young man (David Rolfe) being attacked by a giant spider and ends with him shooting it makes no sense at all. It seems that he is supposed to be on his way to meet his girlfriend at the end of the movie and then has to kill a giant insect that's coming to eat him, and I'm guessing that he has to get through that scene with no help from the girl's sister (Sylvia Plummer) or anyone else because he doesn't get to shoot it. He gets his girlfriend to make love to him by kissing him, but the scene ends after he shoots it, and the movie never gets back to that point where the spider is coming after him and he has no idea how to kill it. I've never seen a movie with such a bad ending, even worse than the one in "Mulholland Drive" or "Nightcrawler."  The only good thing about this movie is the actor who played the giant spider, Chris Evans. He's OK but nothing spectacular. I give it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw the trailer for this film, and the idea that a movie was made about a movie made by Michael Bay, was pretty much the only thing that got me excited. I was actually excited to see a movie based on an 80's action/comedy. And the movie doesn't even have the movie stars (or, rather, the movies stars, because there are no actors listed for them) in the opening credits.  The movie itself is not bad, just terrible. It starts off weak, but there are some moments where the movie actually makes sense. But then the movie goes down hill. The movie is so uninteresting, the actors are so uninspired, and even the soundtrack (which I don't like at all) is the worst thing ever. It's just awful. And then the last act, I can't even get through the movie, because it's just so poorly done. I can understand the point that Michael Bay was trying to make in this movie, but, I just don't understand how a movie about a Michael Bay movie could possibly be made. I really don't even know why I watched it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen many films over the years, but this was the worst. I don't even know how to describe this one. It's one of the worst films I've ever seen, even worse than the 'Star Trek' film. This movie is so bad it's actually funny.  I would not recommend this movie to anyone.  This movie had absolutely no story to speak of, and you'd be better off waiting for the next 'Star Wars' movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching the trailers I was expecting a very interesting, yet quite mediocre, story. This is NOT the case. It was more like a boring, yet somewhat funny, joke. What happened in this movie was so unbelievable that I kept on wanting to stop and look at the credits.  I have never experienced such a bad acting as I have in this film. In the first 15 minutes the acting is so weak that it could be a joke. In a scene, a character is seen lying on the floor and it looks like they're going to make him a sandwich. How could this happen in a movie? You get the feeling that this is a joke for entertainment. It is absolutely impossible to believe that a movie would be this bad. The only thing that can be taken from this movie is that it is very slow paced. I could have done without the slow pace. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the lowest budget film ever made. The only reason this is rated a 9/10 is because it is funny. But it is just so horrible. I mean the dialog is so slow it makes it sound like it is on fire. And the movie is so awful that it made me want to punch myself in the face. It is so bad I don't even think it will get a rating of 10/10.  I hate to say it, but I just don't understand how anyone can watch this movie and enjoy it. It looks like it was made for 4 people. The director made his movie to look like he made it. The acting is awful, the script is so confusing, the direction is awful. I have been looking for movies that are worth seeing for years and I am the only one that actually saw this.  If you are a fan of the 80's comedy genre, this is probably not the movie for you. I would give it a 1/10 or a 2/10, not even 10/100. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few hours later I was still watching the same thing on the TV. I decided to look for the original DVD, but my patience was too short. I finally made my way to the video store, and there I discovered that the DVD was only available on the video shop at the cinema where the movie was filmed. The video store owner even admitted that the movie did not even exist! It was only a copy that he made out of the footage he had. I could not believe this and I would like to give him a huge amount of credit for giving me a copy of a copy, but alas, it was the movie that the TV company rented.  I did not have the patience to watch the whole movie again. It had ruined my weekend. I had to sit out in the freezing cold. I did my best to watch some other films, but it did not work. I have to say that it's probably the worst movie I've ever seen. The acting was absolutely atrocious, the music was bad, and the plot was boring. The story was so stupid that it made me wonder why the movie even made it to the theaters. I would not recommend this movie to anyone. The only thing I can say that this movie is not bad is that it has the potential to bring the viewers into a dark mood, but instead of just that, the movie just keeps moving on and on and does not give any reason to be in a good mood. This movie is one of the worst that I have ever seen, and I will never be able to watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so predictable, predictable, that it is unbelievable! The plot is so boring, it makes no sense and the ending is so stupid! I can't believe that a director who has made so many other films, is going to give this one a chance. The plot was predictable, but not enough to keep me from liking the film. The acting was bad, but it was at least better than the other terrible films I have seen. I'm sorry, but I'm not surprised. This movie isn't even a comedy. I was hoping for a comedy but I didn't get one. I don't know what this film is about, it's just so predictable! If you're expecting a movie to be funny, you're going to be disappointed. I give this movie a 2/10, the rating reflects my opinion of the film's entertainment value, and I'm giving it zero stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many bad movies from this director, I can't believe he has made this one. There are some scenes that could have been good but weren't. The most embarrassing is when the character is in a car with his parents, the scene is set so badly that you have to keep watching to see the end. The rest of the movie is a mess, but there is no way to see any good scenes. I was hoping for a good story, but was disappointed by the rest. The ending left me thinking that I missed something and that the director had not put much thought into the film.  It was the worst movie I have ever seen. I didn't want to see it again, but it kept showing up on my DVD players. It's just too much to watch a bad film over and over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was actually alright, but there was no plot to speak of. The movie didn't make any sense and was made for an audience of children. You wouldn't expect that from an adult horror movie, but this was clearly made for children.  It's pretty hard to watch a film with a plot that doesn't make sense, or at least isn't made up of words that you can understand. This movie really wasn't scary at all. I mean, I suppose the kid in the background was scary, but the rest of the characters were completely unfunny. The acting was terrible, and the film looked awful. This was a bad film, but still pretty funny. The story was pretty weak, and you can't say that because the movie wasn't good enough to make up for it.  I was actually looking forward to seeing the movie again because the director made up for the fact that the movie was made in children's TV format. That's a whole lot better than the original horror movie.  The original movie was much better, but even the movie with the same plot has some great scares. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of this movie, it seemed to have all the elements of a good film. The cast was great, the music was good, the actors seemed to really care about the script. Then it fell apart. First it was all about the plot. Then we found out how it would end, and that was a major disappointment. We were expected to get a deeper understanding of the characters, but instead we were given another boring, predictable and unbelievable climax. It is a very disappointing film for people who like their films to be believable. If you're looking for a film that will make you laugh, then look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was so stupid, it was a complete waste of time and money. I thought that the guy that directed it was really dumb and didn't have a clue what he was doing. The whole movie was a giant waste of money and time. I'm sure that if this was made today, the people who made this would be in jail.  The only thing that saved this movie was the fact that it was about the death of a famous actor. I think that this movie would have been better if the guy was really dead. If it was all over, I would not be able to understand what the hell happened in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so mad at the "The Great Dandy" movies and how it made fun of the people in them that I read all of the reviews. I was even more angry with the fact that this movie made fun and ridicules the real life people, who, according to the story, had nothing to do with the "Dandy" character and the movies. I'm sorry that I went in for this, and I'm so angry at the movie itself, and with all of its plot holes. I didn't think that it could be as bad as it was, but I was shocked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst horror films I have ever seen. This is an example of how poorly acted and written horror movies are today. I cannot believe that anyone gave this movie a 10/10. The acting is awful and the plot is not believable. The "plot" consists of two of the three main characters, who have their lives destroyed and have to start over. The other characters are very underdeveloped and none of them are really likable.  I would not recommend this movie to anyone. It is an insult to horror cinema. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After being a big fan of the show, and especially of the original movies, I was excited to see how the show would come back. I was hoping for a more classic, more heartfelt, and less campy version. The first few episodes showed me how the original series was a bit cheesy and silly, so I was ready to see the show come back to its roots. Unfortunately, this series, while still fun, falls far short of what we remember the show being. It has become a parody of itself. The writers have failed to come up with anything even remotely original. They seem to be out of touch with the original show. It is very disappointing. The acting is not nearly as good as it was in the show's first run. The whole cast is completely devoid of chemistry and talent. They are just flat. It's a shame because this show was supposed to be more like the first season. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was so weak I laughed and then thought about the plot.  What was the point? I mean, there was an episode about the world's first artificial human, which is how we would have discovered human life. But the whole movie is filled with a bunch of pointless, repetitive scenes, like one where the scientist says something about how there are no real human beings on this planet. The whole thing was just boring.  A little too much plot, a little too many wasted scenes and I did not care about any of the characters.  I guess the whole thing should have been made into a TV movie.   The only positive thing I can say about the movie is that it did make me laugh and then think about the concept of the world first artificial man. But that's it. The movie is awful. I don't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was awful. The acting was terrible, the story was completely unbelievable, the acting was completely bad, the music was awful, the special effects were terrible, there was no real direction, no character development, nothing.  I thought it was hilarious when the guy tried to steal the car, but it was just a stunt. The story of a guy who is killed and wakes up in the desert, and a woman who kills him, and the woman's boyfriend kills the girl, the guy wakes up on the desert floor, the girl is trying to kill the guy, and there is no reason to do anything. It was just stupid. The only reason I found this movie interesting was the special FX in it, but then again I saw that before and I thought they were pretty bad.  The special FX were very crude and didn't really make it look like something you'd see in the movies. I thought the special effect in it was pretty good, but I guess it could have been better.   The whole movie sucked. I think the director should be fired for this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's only one way to watch this movie: get your own DVD, rent it on DVD, and watch it on the way to the movie theater. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen, even by DVD standards. Even worse than the "Kiss From a Black Eye" DVD, which I found so stupid I'm not sure why anyone ever bothered to make it.  The plot is ridiculous, the acting is awful, the story is poorly done, and the movie just feels so rushed.  Don't watch this film unless you are looking for a good comedy, or if you want to see a bad film. Otherwise, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little review about an awful movie: I thought this movie was terrible.  The only good part of it was that the actors were entertaining. The other actors weren't even good. I can't believe they had to take this gig. The whole thing was just a bunch of pointless scenes and terrible dialogue. It's a disgrace. It was the worst movie I've ever seen. I'd give it 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was stupid and the acting was terrible. This was the second straight-to-video movie I've seen that I felt like I was watching the work of a complete idiot. The premise was simple enough - a young girl and her best friend decide to take a trip to the movie set. But when the girl's mom comes to pick her up, her husband makes it seem like the girl and the friend are just friends. They get to the set and find it deserted - and when they are in the middle of nowhere, a serial killer starts attacking the group, and it's up to the girl to stop it. This movie is a total waste of time. This is not a movie for a horror movie - but it's better than a bad video game movie. I give it a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why I am posting this review on a bad film, but I can't help it. This film is an embarrassment to anyone who has ever seen a movie in a theater or even had the displeasure of watching it on television. The plot is so incoherent and poorly plotted that it takes you right out of the theater and then leaves you wondering why you ever left.  The acting is completely unwatchable, even for a small-budget film, and the sound is terrible. I know, I'm in the minority, but the sound in this movie is so bad it's actually worse than that of "Walking Tall."  I could watch this film forever because I don' think it is worth seeing. The only good thing about this film is the music, which is a big turn off for me.  I give it an 8 out of 10, but you're better off not wasting your time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A remake of a bad film, this is the story of a former marine, his wife, and their son, who are forced to move to the outskirts of the city, to live on a trailer in a deserted area. This trailer has been repurposed and used as the home of a family with three children and their mother, the trailer is a disaster waiting to happen. The trailer contains no furniture, beds, clothes, etc, nothing. The only thing that looks normal is a toilet. The family is forced to live in the trailer and live a rather slow life, except for the eldest son who is obsessed with killing the family and taking the family to heaven. There are many attempts to kill the family, but none succeed. The movie is just awful, it was so much better when it was a film from the 1970's and I saw it in a theater, but this version looks and feels like a low budget, poorly made, low budget version of "The Naked Mile", a remake of "Beverly Hills Cop", except for all the stupid special effects and poor acting.  The movie never gets interesting. There is not much to do except for watch the family go about their business and be chased by a bunch of thugs. The story is so boring, it doesn't even have the ability to build up suspense. This movie is a total waste of time, just one giant ripoff. The acting is horrible and the plot is so poorly developed, it just doesn't make any sense at all. I really want to see the original version.  If you want to go to see a low rated remake of the 70's remake of this movie, then go for it. But if you want a good movie, look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have not seen a film in years that made me so sick I couldn't bear to sit through it.  This is a very predictable, formulaic, plot and I found myself constantly bored to the point where I felt like the actors were going through their lines, but not saying them out loud. I can only imagine what they were trying to say in the script. It's not a good idea for an actor to read lines that are not being said by the character he or she is portraying. I know it's a comedy, but that's not how it should be portrayed. This movie was a waste of time and I wish they would've just shown me the entire thing instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an odd little movie that seems to have been made by someone who's never seen any real sci-fi or horror films before, and has no clue how to actually make one. In one scene, the movie is so dull and uninspired that I'm not sure what it's supposed to be, because it's not very entertaining at all, and I'd imagine that the director had been told by someone on set that there wasn't much money to make it, or that the movie had to be low budget. So I just assumed that it was all the same as other "mockumentary" style movies I've seen. It's a shame that this film had to exist. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just so bad that it's really difficult to understand how anyone could like it. The only thing that kept me watching was that I really liked the character, the writer, and the idea of it.  This is one of the worst horror movies ever made. It's so bad it's good. It isn't even scary. It just has an awful, irritating, and annoying story that is dragged on for no good reason and features some of the most ridiculous characters ever. The worst thing about it is that the characters are so unlikable that it makes you want to hate them even more.  Don't waste your time on this movie. Just skip it. It will be one of those movies that you watch because you are bored, but it won't be one that you wish you could forget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Fifty Shades of Grey" is an awful piece of work. A movie based on the Twilight series of vampire novels would have been more interesting and more enjoyable. The plot is predictable and the characters are annoying and unlikable.   I think the director had a really difficult time writing this script and I have to give credit where credit is due. There is a lot of good stuff in the script, but the plot falls flat and there is no story at all. All the action is so predictable that it makes the movie look like a poorly written script. In addition, the story is predictable as it involves vampires, werewolves, vampires, vampires and more vampires. The movie is about two teenagers who fall in love and then lose their virginity in the same way that the Twilight movies involve the loss of virginity.  A few years ago, I thought "Frozen" was a decent movie. I really wanted to like "Fantastic Four" but I think I'll stick to my copies of "The Chronicles of Narnia" instead. "Fancy Nancy Drew" is not a bad film, but I'm not sure I'll ever want to see it again. I recommend you watch it on a bad day if you want to watch a bad comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so, so, SO poorly made. The acting is terrible, the story is completely pointless and there is no reason to even mention it. The entire cast is basically unknowns.  The story is pretty standard in a low budget horror flick, and the acting is just awful. It has a script that is so terrible that it can only be called a joke. It's just awful and I can't believe it's on the video store. The only good part about it is that it's very rare to see a video store video that's so bad that it hasn't been released yet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this case, I can't blame the director, who did his best in the previous films. He had enough of a good story to be able to put something out there. The problem is, he chose to try to add a negative tone in the film, as if that were something that the characters could do without. It's a shame that we had to sit through this film to begin with, because it's not even worth watching. The acting is below average at best, and the special effects are weak and unimpressive, even for an independent film.  The whole story was not a good fit for the characters at all. It seemed to me that the movie was made to be a satire of the horror genre, but instead of poking fun, it became a comedy. It doesn't help that the actors (especially the female ones) were either too thin or too young, either. And the special effect is just plain lame, to put it lightly.  This movie could have been made a little better, but it's still a terrible film. And if you're a horror fan, I don't recommend this movie to you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it was a good idea to watch this movie. However, after seeing the first ten minutes I was thoroughly disgusted. I think it is the worst movie I've ever seen. The acting was terrible, and the plot was extremely stupid. I laughed my ass off twice and the only thing that made the movie worth watching was when the girl got shot in the crotch.  The only thing I could praise was that the film was not pornographic. It's just a bunch of kids looking at girls. This was an experiment to see if the kids were more interested in being killed than in seeing the girl in the next scene. The results were absolutely disgusting. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. If you want to see the best of a bad film, try this: "I can't believe it! I can't even believe it!" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original trailer was fine, but then it got really bad. There was no direction at all. I thought that the idea of "Gunslinger" was great, but it was so unbelievable that it was even ridiculous. There's no mystery, no explanation, just some crazy plot that just got out of hand. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of months ago, I reviewed the first movie about a really terrible movie: "Kiss, Kill and Curses". It was terrible, but I think it is a bit more tolerable than this.  "KISS, KILL and CURSED" does not have a single redeeming factor.  First off, the title has no meaning at all.  Secondly, there is no movie itself. All you get is an awful, but not horrible trailer and a half-hour long, mostly irrelevant, movie.  This is why I never watch anything with a "kiss, kill and curse" tagline. You see it everywhere. "KEEP IT COLD, KILL IT DIVIDED!" is a better title.  It is also why I think the "KILL" tag is a good idea. I guess we are all going to be getting a "KISTS", "KISH", "JILL", "ROBOTS", "TANTS", and "DEEPS" soon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just wanted to write a negative negative review, but I'm not a fan of this type of movie, as it usually seems to be a poor attempt at a comedy. It has been done, however, by a bunch of kids.  They're not all that good in this movie, either. I've seen it in a few places and found it a bit dull. But the two I've actually seen are a complete disappointment. The two kids are very predictable and they're both a bit wooden, especially when it comes to the way they act. It's a bit like an "Austin Powers" film. A guy does something dumb and the girls are in hysterics about it. Then, the guy becomes a genius because he does something else, which is pretty predictable, and then it goes back to being predictable again. Then it gets predictable again because it's the same formula. I can't see a point in spending money on this movie. I don't like it because it does nothing with the premise, and it's so formulaic that I'm embarrassed to admit it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so bad it almost makes me want to just let it die in the trash. It is a really hard to watch movie and I cannot say that I like any of the actors. I mean, they were all so awful and so uninteresting. I can't believe that this was actually made in this time period, but to be honest, this movie is a total waste of time.  I can only give it 4 out of 10 because I actually liked the first two parts. The third part was actually pretty good, but it was so far from the rest of the movie that I had no interest in the rest. It made me feel that the director and the actors were completely inexperienced and the story was totally pointless. The plot was so poorly written that I could not even follow the action without giving up.  This movie is probably one of the worst films I have ever seen, and that is saying something. This was probably the worst film I have seen all year. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was made by a "cute" studio (Studio 606) and made it to sell a movie. This is one of the worst movies ever made. It is not a funny movie, nor an entertaining movie. It does not have any plot, it is completely devoid of humor, it has nothing that would make anyone laugh. All it has are 3 or 4 lines of dialogue.  This is an extremely shallow and shallow "comedy" movie. There is absolutely nothing to the story. It makes no sense, there is absolutely no logic to the storyline. You have to sit and watch this movie with no interest in it whatsoever, or you will waste your time.  In the first 10 minutes or so of the movie, the director says, "I made this movie. I hope you like it".  A movie made for $500 is absolutely not worth that money. You can spend a couple of hundred dollars on a good movie, but a couple hundred dollars is not worth it.  A comedy should be made with a plot, a plot should be interesting, a movie should have a story line that is not too predictable, an hour or two is not enough to make a good comedy. It's all about the actors and the movie was made without them.  It is completely, utterly, utterly boring. It has absolutely no redeeming value whatsoever. I would highly recommend that you NOT watch this. You should avoid this movie at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a bit like a bad TV movie: slow, boring, pointless. The plot is a complete waste of time. The acting is bad. The special effects are not good, but the sets are. If you like your action sequences to be over the top, then watch this film. If not, then don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is awful. There are so many inconsistencies in it that it's impossible to understand why the makers were making it. It seems that this was a case of studio meddling to keep this film from being as bad as it could possibly be. There is not a single interesting character in it, and even the villain seems flat, as if they could be any other way. This was the worst film I have ever seen, ever. The cinematography was bad, the plot was horrible, and the acting was awful.  I think that I am giving this film the benefit of the doubt because I saw it on TV, and it seemed to have a certain appeal to the viewers. I don't think it's likely that they saw it the way it was presented on television. I know the makers are no longer in control of this film, but I think this is what they made. The actors were awful, the story was terrible, and so was the music. I can't believe the producers and writers thought that a film could be made of this, but they certainly did. The script was incomprehensible, and they should not have been allowed to make this film. The music is horrible, the cinematography is awful, and if the actors had done a better job, it would have been much worse. The only reason this movie is in the top 10 worst films of all time is because it is so bad. The worst thing about this movie was the fact that it was so badly made that it made people believe it could be good. I just want to say that I think the makers of this movie did not intend for this film to be this bad, and I hope that the makers change their ways. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a lot more from this, but the fact that the cast members were good, but couldn't pull off the script is a complete disappointment. The acting was weak, the script was uninteresting, and the plot is just plain awful. I can't say that I've ever seen anything that even remotely resembles a film where so many of the cast actors, both young and old, failed to deliver anything that could have been even remotely funny. This is a very, very bad film, in fact it's the worst film I've seen this year. The whole movie was just very, VERY boring. You're not supposed to be able to enjoy it so much more than watching it for entertainment, you're supposed to laugh at it, you shouldn't.  There's nothing to make you watch it in the end. The cast was absolutely wasted. The jokes were very weak and had no sense of humour. The movie was a complete waste of your time. The only thing I found that made the movie worth seeing was that the main character was so completely unlikable, and I loved him anyway.  The only good thing was that it was funny at times.  I'm giving this a 1/10 because I know it's a comedy, and there's no way that the producers of this film, or anyone else, could have gotten the script right. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never seen a movie that was so awful. It is just like the previous movie where it was a little bit better but this time it just didn't have the humor.  If I had been in the theater I would have left sooner than the beginning of the movie. This movie is so slow, slow, and boring. The only way I got through it was by watching it in my living room because I couldn't get the movie on DVD. I wish I could say I was lucky to see this movie. I was so disappointed I watched it in the movie theater and my stomach had to be so large. I would recommend that you skip this movie because it was so bad it made me want to throw up in the toilet. I don't understand why people would waste their time on this movie since the whole idea of the film is that it would be an "amazing movie". I would suggest not to waste your time and just get a movie with a good plot and a little more heart. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to see this movie in order to convince myself that it was not the worst movie I've ever seen. I found it to be quite disturbing, but also a bit boring. This is what I expected, a "so bad it's good" film. But then, there is the twist. A "dark, bloody, gory" horror flick is suddenly turned into a romantic comedy about a family. This has never happened before, and it's not even particularly original. And then there's the whole story.  First, the characters are all incredibly stupid. A woman with a brain tumor who's having an extremely slow-moving, wooden voice, a very attractive and mysterious (but also creepy) husband who is also having an incredibly slow-motion, wooden-voice wife, and a girl who, because she's a "cute girl" and is supposed to be a "sexy girl", is "seedy" and has a boyfriend. All of these characters have a huge, and I'm sure I'll never be able to say for sure, but probably more like a hundred and fifty, of these "things" that people tend to do. There is a giant, horrible monster in a cave. But it's a monster that can only move from one spot to another. How? That's what the movie's supposed to make us think. And that's what I think. But the movie never shows this in a way that would make me care. I mean, it's obvious to me how they made it. It's the "I'm a monster" kind of story. But that doesn't mean that I care. It just means that I can't stand to sit and watch the film and the actors and their characters for ten minutes at a time. I don't care how much the movie tries to make me feel like I'm watching it. I just don't. I think I'm going to watch the movie, because I want to know what's going to happen next. The fact that it's just going to be more of the same is just not believable. The movie's just as much a waste of time as it is a complete waste of money. I would like to be able see this film and know what it is and what's about to happen, but it's impossible. It will never be, and there's no way to know when it's going happen, and what will happen next, because the movie has no idea what it's
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad that I cannot even call it a "comedy".  It's so bad it actually makes me want to throw up. The premise is stupid and the acting is horrible. The acting is the worst thing ever! The only good thing is that the movie ends on a happy note, so I suppose it's a happy ending after all.  I don't know why they didn't just leave out the last 10 minutes and just call it an hour long. I really don't understand how they made the movie look so good. I just don't get it. The plot is so predictable it's actually kind of funny.  In the movie, the characters are so annoying. I can only imagine what they were thinking when they came up with this idea. It makes no sense at all. They must have been so drunk they couldn't tell the plot from the characters.  The movie doesn't even have a real ending, but there are still moments in the movie that I found humorous. I mean, it was just like watching a drunk movie with a bunch of drunk people. If you really don`t like drunken movies, I recommend staying away from this movie.  This is just a terrible movie. There are better ones out there. Please don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie follows a young woman and her husband (played by an actor in his 30s who can't seem to get a job) as they search for a missing daughter, and they end up meeting the father of that daughter (played in the movie by a younger actor who isn't a great actor) at a cemetery where the daughter is buried. The movie is a complete waste of time as it seems like the writer of the screenplay was reading his lines as if he was actually the father. It also seems to focus on the parents more than the daughter and the husband.  The daughter, played by a child actress (played as a child, rather than an adult) isn't able to make the connections she wants to make with the father (the younger actor). Her character is also portrayed by a very unprofessional actor who plays her mother in a movie, and the movie doesn't seem as if it is actually being made for the family or for the actors.  I don't know what the movie was supposed to be, but it seems to have been a waste of my time. It's just one of those movies that I can only hope is a dream for someone else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing "The Big Lebowski," I wanted to see this film all the way.  However, I was left disappointed with a film that isn't worth my time. I'm not a huge fan of Burt Reynolds. However, he does a good job in this film and the cast isn't that bad. However...it's just not a very good film. The acting is so poor that it's ridiculous. The dialogue is really bad. The story is bad. There's a lot of problems with the directing. The script is a complete mess.  If you don't like Burt, don't waste your time on this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a film with an A rating, this would be a prime candidate for a 2/10. In a 10, that's a 10 out of 10. It's definitely a waste of time. There's nothing to make you care about the story or the characters. I can't think of any way the film could have possibly done worse. I was watching with my girlfriend who was watching the film for the first time. I've never seen her in anything other than an awkward and annoying movie that is about to go out of print.  I don't understand why this was the case. This movie could have been a decent film with great acting and a nice, engaging plot. It could have even made the original Star Trek a cult classic. If you are looking for a cheap popcorn film, look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a very, very bad movie. I saw it once, and I felt a little sick from it. I can only give it a rating of a 3 because it's not as bad as the others, but I'll warn you.  I was expecting a much better film from this one.  Don't get me wrong, this is a very silly, silly movie. But that's not why I watched it. It's just an attempt to be funny. Unfortunately, I can't say it was funny, because the jokes were terrible. There was no real heart to them, and they were not funny at all.  The acting was OK, but it was too late for that.  It was just awful. I felt like I was watching an hour and half of bad movies. It just felt like a waste of time.  If you want to see some funny people, go see a different movie. It has to be one of the worst movies ever made.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so completely uninteresting that I can't even explain why I was forced to see it.  I don't know what the director was thinking, but he clearly had no clue what was going on. The script was completely pointless, and the characters were completely devoid of depth. The story, however, did provide me with some amusement, but that's not really the point. It's just plain awful.  There was one very interesting sequence, and I hope that the director remembers it as an inspiration. The way the director shot the movie, it was impossible to tell the actors' faces, or even their feet from their backs.  The acting was, at best, OK, and at worst it was unbearable. Some scenes were even in the same order as the movie is made, and it seemed that the film was trying to imitate a stage play.  That being said, the film is not bad. It is, however. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Dirty Pair" is a poorly conceived attempt at a gay porno. I had a chance to see this film in its original form on Vimeo, and I did not like it.  I saw this as a way to get a quick laugh on the spur of the moment, and to be honest, I can see that. But what really made me dislike it was the awful music, which was completely over-the-top, and the acting. I could never make out who was who in this film, so it was not clear who the characters were supposed to be. In one scene, one character had a very obvious female character's voice over his own (the one who was supposed to do the talking) and it was incredibly annoying. This movie was so awful, I wish I had never seen it. But at least I have some video footage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what to say about this film, but I guess I'm not alone. This is probably the worst movie I've ever seen. The acting was not believable, the story was too unbelievable and the ending was so horrible I was really expecting to see it at the end. If you are expecting to be entertained by a decent movie, don't expect to be amused. I gave it 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The story line is so bad and so unfitting.  The movie starts off with a good storyline, but by the end it is just so slow and boring that I wanted to get to the end of the movie as soon as possible. I don't know if the actors were drunk or what their problem was but it made the whole movie boring to watch. The music in this movie is not very good either.  Overall, this movie has no redeeming qualities and I cannot recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really bad movie. The only reason I watched this was because I saw it on DVD.  It was so far from good it could be a joke. The actors and the way the story was handled are both just too much for it to be a serious drama. It was just a waste of money. The ending was not that great either.  All in all, this is a bad film with a mediocre cast and a really awful story. The best way to avoid this is not to waste your time. Do not waste your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is nothing but an embarrassment of rubbish. If I had to guess at what kind of movie this was, it would be a horror-comedy, like Halloween, but with more violence and a very short movie, and only a single song. It's the most incoherent and boring film I have ever seen.  The main character is a fat woman who is having her eyes burned out, and she becomes obsessed with killing anyone who is trying to kill her. The main thing about this movie is that it's a bunch of people screaming for a movie that they don't know about. You can't watch this without watching a horror movie. And it's not even funny. I don't think that any film can survive with such a ridiculous premise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on the way to the theater and I just did not like it. The plot was awful and the movie was too much like a soap opera with all the characters being very stupid and not to mention the movie is so full of stupid things. This movie is the worst thing I've ever seen in my life.  I am really surprised that a director who is known for this type of film would be able to make a movie like this. The characters were all stupid and all the scenes in this movie were stupid. The story was really lame and not worth watching.  The only good part was the music and I thought that the acting was good but that's all. The movie is not worth seeing and I would advise you to watch something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a positive opinion about this movie. I was disappointed when I saw the first two minutes. They were pretty good, I thought. The plot was weak. There was no story at all. It felt like the story was going backwards and the character development wasn't there either. The acting was terrible. I don't think I've ever seen such a bad performance in my life.  This movie is so far below the average for a horror movie that it's just laughable. There are some decent actors in the cast. The problem is that they're too far below average.  The movie isn't scary. It's just boring and sad.  If you have to give a good movie a bad rating, I'd give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is one scene where the camera is following the characters as they walk down a hill, but the camera never moves until they get to the top. This is the only scene where there is no music, and there is only one shot where the characters actually speak. The scene is so awkward and poorly made that it looks like a comedy sketch from the 70's.  The film is about an aspiring female movie star who meets a guy who wants to sleep with her and he just seems creepy. It's the worst comedy of all time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of the movie was a typical horror movie, but the actors were terrible and the acting was terrible.  One of the two actors in the movie is playing a cannibal who is eating people in the woods and there is no way he is doing it in the time he is on set. And I think he is supposed to be a cannibal, but there are several scenes where he isn't. It is so terrible that I couldn't stop laughing. It was just a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible movie. I don't think anyone ever bothered to do a research on the actual events that were happening during the movie.  It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The story is stupid and the acting is terrible. There are no plot twists, no suspense, and just like every other bad movie, the ending is stupid.  If you can't stand watching movies about stupid, predictable things like this, don't watch it. This is an awful movie to waste time on.  This movie is not worthy of being called a "tribute" to a movie from the 70's.  I can't understand how this movie was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My review is below the line. I'm not a big fan of comedies, but I really thought this was a comedy. I can't believe it was so bad. I don't understand how someone who's so good at comedy can get such a bad ending. It's so stupid and unbelievable that I think it's just for comedic effect. It was like the director couldn't decide on a direction and then it ended up where he wanted. The acting is terrible, especially the guy in the bathroom who doesn't even make an effort to talk to his friend (I thought he was the guy who shot her). It was as if he was just trying to make an eye-candy movie. It also doesn't help that the story seems to be made up by the movie's director. I thought that the girl was supposed to be dead and then she was alive in the scene where she talks to the girl. I have never seen a movie like this in my life!  I really wish that the director and writer had spent less time making a story and more time in the editing room. It would have been a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so angry, I thought I was going to faint. I got so angry at the lack of respect for women in this movie. It was like I was watching "Furious" or "Boys Don't Cry". The characters were the same as in the other movies, but the way they were portrayed was so shallow and unrealistic. All the scenes were just unnecessary. It's just like they were just made to get the ratings. And they did. I just don't understand why people in the industry would watch this. I can't believe that people would waste their time watching this and it wouldn't get the rating they were looking for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a movie to be recommended, and it was a disappointment to me as I am a fan of classic horror movies. There were several things that bothered me from the beginning of this movie, and I will explain them. First of all, the fact that they used the name "Beneath the Planet of the Deep" for the submarine, I thought that it was not a name that you would normally use for a submarine. Second, the location of the movie was completely wrong. I remember it was supposed to be a place called "The Valley of Death" and there were no monsters. Third, the movie never made any sense at all. The story seemed to be made up of random events that happened in an underwater world that was never shown in the movie. The ending is the worst thing ever. I found the movie boring. The sound was awful. It seemed that it didn't even have sound effects at all, it was just the sound of the ocean itself. This movie was horrible, but I had to give it a chance because I was a fan and I wanted to see something new. I would have just preferred to skip this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie, but a very good idea, and then a very bad movie. Why? I don't know, but it's just one of those movies. The idea was nice, but the execution is so substandard that I'm not sure I can say anything positive about it. The acting is awful, the writing is poor, the plot is so confusing that I have no idea what the hell I'm watching. There are too many plot holes and too many poorly-written scenes for it to be a good movie. A movie that is supposed to be about a couple of guys who go on an adventure and come across a dangerous, but strangely-unusual, creature, and decide to stop it from killing people. The problem is that the plot only revolves around the guys, and the characters are so one-dimensional that they make me want to punch them. The only way I could ever watch this movie was if I was really desperate to see a comedy movie with a really terrible premise. Unfortunately, I'm neither. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie itself is a total waste of time, with no originality to speak of, and the actors are so bad they make you wonder if they are even human. I'm not saying this is a bad film; it isn't, it just looks so bad. The special effects are also so poor they could have been done by a third grader. The soundtrack is the best part of the movie, but only because they used it in a few other movies before. The acting is so bad that it's a wonder how anyone could have gotten through the entire film. Even when it's not the actors that are so weak, it's the story that's awful.  I just wish the film had been made in 1981. It was made in 1972, and was so bad I almost felt sorry for the director.  The ending is even worse than the beginning, and so is the rest of the film.  It's not that bad, but it's so stupid that it is actually sad to see.  If you want to see a bad horror film, just see a horror film from the 70's. It'll be much better than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a recent interview, director Robert Rodriguez was asked about his upcoming project 'El Mariachi'.  In the film, Rodriguez stars as a Mexican teenager (who is obsessed with the local mafia) who, with the help of a Mexican-American doctor (played by Rodriguez), tries to get his girlfriend back. In the movie, Rodriguez and his character become so obsessed with his love that the two are eventually murdered by the mafia.  I cannot see this film, let alone recommend it. It is nothing but a bunch of poorly-written trash, and it should have never been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not a bad film, but it has one very weak part. The director, Paul Verhoeven, has the talent to make some pretty cool scenes, but he is absolutely awful when it comes to directing a movie. In this case, he made a scene in the movie where a young boy is killed by an animal, but doesn't really explain why. The animal in question is called a "turtle", but this was not actually a turtle in the original movie, it was a very common animal in those times.  The movie is filled with lots of stupid and unnecessary plot twists and pointless subplots.  I would not recommend this movie. It is an absolute waste of time and it doesn't even qualify as an "A" grade. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an absolute waste of time. The acting was awful, the plot was boring and the special effects were so low budget that they could have been made by a low budget video store. I could watch this movie for hours and still have more than enough time to get drunk.  The only reason why I'm giving this movie 3 stars is because I watched it once and was able to laugh at the stupidity of it. I think that most people would find it boring. The special effects should have been at least 2/3 of the movie. This movie was a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main issue is that it tries to make a comedy about a tragic movie (like the one shown in the opening credits) without the audience getting too invested in it. The premise is that after the death of their beloved dog, the family decides to leave their home and live together in a small house. The dog, a puppy, is given a name - and the family is in trouble, since the owner of the house, a widower named Mr. Miller, is being taken advantage of by his wife, and the dog and the puppy are in danger.  The film doesn't do much with this premise, although the dog is supposed to be able to tell who is in danger (like when a woman is trapped in the bathroom). The only reason why I watched this was because the family seemed to be having fun, and because the movie was so cheesy, I couldn't tell if it was intended to be a comedy or a tragedy. But I would not recommend it.  I would like to see a movie with more of a focus on the family, because they are in this situation because they lost their beloved pet, so they should know that their pet is not going to go along for the ride.  This movie doesn't even bother to look at the family and try to find out who killed the dog. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot has no meaning whatsoever, the plot twists are so obvious and stupid. And the acting is so, so, SO bad.  The first thing I noticed is that the character's names are not given, we get only their first names and the names of the people they are closest with. The names are the only thing that make sense, and they are so badly written, it's unbelievable. And, the movie just keeps getting worse and worse until it finally gets to the point where I could not even remember the names. I can't even recall anything that happened in it, the only things I remember are that the woman is raped and that she is pregnant.  And, of course, the reason why the movie is so bad is because it was made by someone who is not very good at making movies. It's just that when he does a bad one, he does not try to make it worse. That's the reason I rated it a 2.  It just seems that they were trying to do the "Rape" movies, but when they did it, they had the same problems as movies made in the late 70s. If you're going to do a "RAPE" movie, you better not give a fuck about the acting and the plot. Just have a bunch of rapists. If the movie was actually made, it would have been a 6. If it was really made, I don't know what the hell it would be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the interest of full disclosure, I will admit that I watched this film in my early teenage years. I was also 17 when it came out, and I can't say for sure that I didn't read the script when it was first released, though I certainly didn't remember seeing the "original" version. It didn't even come out on DVD until this past summer, and it's still unavailable. I did, however, see it on VHS once, and the footage of it was just so bad, I felt that I had seen it before, maybe even more than once. That being said, it was not a particularly good movie, so I'm not really surprised that it's been overlooked by critics. I can understand that it might have not appealed to fans of the "Ghostbusters" series or anyone who just hasn't seen all of the films in a while. I know there are plenty of people out there who love the movies, and they just aren't fans of "The Toxic Avenger".  What I am more sorry for is that this is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to this film. There is a complete lack of effort here in the form of script, direction, and story. This is an embarrassment.  As an example of poor directing, we see a few brief moments of the Ghostbusters team's fight with the Vigo Corporation, only to cut it short because the camera pans out and the Vigors are now running around the hall.  The acting is very uneven, with some of the actors in the film being the worst of the bunch, with a bunch of actors who have no talent whatsoever. It would be a nice touch if the actors could be given more than one scene to make their character stand out, but the lack of care shown to them in this film leaves you with the impression that they don't care at all.  I give this film a 3 out of 10. I would not recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After a good performance by Richard Burton as the lead character in the original version of "Bedazzo", I really wanted to see "Bedazo" again. Unfortunately, the movie had nothing to offer.  The acting was weak, the storyline was a mess and the plot seemed to have been lifted from a bad soap opera. I can only say that I wish I could've seen the original "Bedrazo" when it was first released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has so many plot holes that it's almost funny. It's not funny because the actors don't make it funny. The plot has so much of a clich that I'm surprised it wasn't rated PG-13. It has a story line about a dead guy who meets his new neighbor's family and decides to try and bring them back to life with some of his old memories. But it really comes across as very poorly done, especially with the two main characters. They're both very predictable and there is little to no development with them. I can't say why they weren't rated. They don't have to be.  But this movie is at least watchable. It really could have been much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A strange, incoherent mess of a movie. The acting was poor and the script was a complete waste of time. The movie was at times hard to watch. There were no scenes that really got to the point of what was going on. Most of the time the story didn't make any sense. The characters were shallow and the dialog was not very entertaining. I have seen worse movies. There is no reason to watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie just really sucked. It was poorly directed and the acting was horrible. The ending wasn't that much better than the rest of the movie, but still a solid waste of time.  The movie was actually made to look like a French version of "The Last Train" but then had to be edited down to fit the other movie's time slot and the original story was replaced with a really bad "last train" plot. It's the kind of movie you can watch for fun but will probably end up watching in your car with the windows rolled down. It has some nice bits and doesn't have any really bad bits. It just didn't do anything to deserve a 5. It would have been a 6 if the acting were a little better. The DVD is also so crappy that I can't even recommend it as a waste of your time. The movie should have been 10/10 but it got a 7 instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when I was about 15 and was looking for something to watch on TV, and I saw it. It was really just an advert for a movie called "Barry Lyndon".  The story was alright, I just felt that there was too much time spent on the camera pans, as if it were a documentary. The story of a woman, a prostitute and a murderer was never really explored, and there was no real suspense. There was no way of explaining how the murder of one of the main characters came to be, and the rest of the plot seemed like it was just a copy of the film "Bray".  Also, the movie seemed to be very low budget, which is something I normally dislike. I just don't think that this was a high budget film, and it certainly wasn't a low budget film.  There were some funny moments though, and if you are a fan of the movie, then you'll probably like it. But if you don't like comedies then don't see it. I would recommend not to waste your time on this film, unless you are really into this kind of thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete waste of time. I have never seen a movie where a man has his face eaten off by a giant squid. This is the second time I've seen a giant octopus eaten by a man and I'm still not sure what happened to him.  The acting is terrible. The acting in this movie is awful. The plot is completely devoid of any plot whatsoever. The whole thing is a huge waste of money. This movie would have been better off as a really long, low budget film. The ending is a total disappointment because it completely contradicts the previous movie. I guess that was a hint. I just wanted to say that if you are going to watch this movie, don't waste your time. This isn't the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is simply awful! This movie should never have been made. The cast is so awful that I am amazed that anyone made it. The movie has no plot. The script is so weak and it is so slow that it makes the movie worse. I had to sit there and read the script over and over again. It just isn't even worth watching. I cannot believe anyone has made this movie. I don't know why it was made. I just want to see a movie without the terrible actors. I know that is not possible. This movie is so terrible that I would actually feel bad if someone was to make it. I would feel like I had wasted my money and time.  It is absolutely not worth watching and it's a waste of your time. Do yourself a favor and just ignore it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in the theater and I felt disgusted for a couple of hours. This was a movie with so many plot holes and inconsistencies that it's really hard to believe that the director was able to come up with anything in the first place. This is what happens when a filmmaker has a problem that can't be fixed by simply adding a little bit of extra time to the movie. I can't believe that they decided to go with this script. How do you make a movie that contains so many inconsistencies and plot holes? If this movie was a "serious" drama then this would have been a good idea. I am surprised that the studio made it. I'm sure that it will be released on DVD but I doubt that it'll be as good as it was when it was in theaters. The movie was just so poor that I'm not sure how they can justify the money they spent. I've seen far better movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a real let down for me. The acting was just awful. I just want to see how someone can do a movie like this without really knowing what they are talking about. I can understand why they did it, but it's just not the way to do a comedy. This movie just made no sense. I don't understand how the writer got it all to make a comedy like this. You can't just come up with an idea like this and expect to make it work. You need to understand the character better, or else it just won't work.  I gave it an 8 because the acting was OK, but I didn't really enjoy it. It was so bad that I'm just going to avoid it as much as possible. I really don't know what the point was here. The ending was so predictable that I just didn't care. If you are going to do something like this, don't even bother. It just made me think, "I wish I was doing that." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was weak and uninteresting. There were several plot holes and too much filler. There was a plot that involved a giant, flying, dinosaur, but then again, we've seen dinosaurs before. Why would anyone spend a lot of money to make a movie about a dinosaur? The only redeeming quality was the special effects.  There was no direction, no story line and absolutely no plot twists.  As an aside, I want to point out that this movie was released when I was just starting to watch movies like this. I was too young to appreciate them and they just seemed to be too stupid for me to really enjoy them. The first movie I saw was Jurassic Park and I loved it. I just thought that this one was really boring and boring.  In fact, I still like it but I don't think I'll be watching it again. I really don't like movies that involve dinosaurs and there are no dinosaurs in this movie, so it was just a waste of time. The dinosaur doesn't have any plot to it, and there is no character development. The movie could have been a great premise for a kids' movie but it is so lacking in plot, and so uninteresting, that I'm surprised there are still so many people who think that Jurassic Park is an underrated movie. It should have been rated higher. I'll admit I'm no expert on dinosaurs, but the movie was about 30 minutes too long. There is no way a giant flying dinosaur could have a storyline. If you want to see a dinosaur, you're better off watching the original movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie on cable television, watching it again recently. I am sorry for the time it took me to watch it, but it's not as bad as the movie looks. This movie is an interesting story about a bunch of criminals, but the acting is so bad that it's hard to care about anything the story has to do with them. The acting is bad in this movie, and that is the movie I can't see myself ever seeing again. I hope that the director will not make this movie again. It's the kind of movie that you can look away from. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I'm sorry to say, but this movie has really made me sick. There are a few parts that were OK, but it wasn't enough to save this movie.  I'm sure that there are other people out there that like movies that have no idea what they are talking about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the movie for a movie night at my friend's house and ended up taking it to bed to avoid making the movie too late to work on it. It didn't even work on my own TV at the time and I only got to the first two minutes. This movie is a total waste of time. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It is completely unbelievable and boring.  The whole movie was a waste of money. It's just a bad excuse for a comedy. The cast is absolutely terrible and the script is horribly written.  It's not funny at all, just extremely boring. If you have a chance to see this film, don't. Just don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so terrible. I don't think the director thought that it was worth making a movie about the last days of WW2. I guess this is what the film industry looks like. The acting was so bad, it made the audience feel so sorry for the characters that they were made to feel so stupid.  The only thing I could give it a positive review is that it made me laugh so hard at the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a huge disappointment to me. There was no real plot or anything to interest the audience. The only thing I liked was the music. The acting was bad, but they did make up for it with the music, which is not something I normally expect from a movie.  This is a very low budget, and the actors don't seem to have a very high level of talent. This is definitely a film with the intention of getting a bunch of people to sit in their seats for 2 hours and watch a boring movie. It's like the director has been given a bunch a dollars and said to himself, "Oh, I'll just make something interesting out of this".  The movie was made on a really low budget and the acting is completely amateurish.  I wouldn't recommend watching this film to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A "star studded" cast is made of the "celebrity" cast. However, the cast does not deserve the attention they get. The film is a waste of time.  A little bit of trivia, if you remember "Star Wars" there was one character that had to be a certain height and weight. The actor playing this character could have easily gone for a shorter or bigger frame. But, he did not. He did not care about it. That is why you are seeing his face here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not a fan of the original movie. It had very little to do with the characters and the plot. The actors were not good and the story did not really progress. However, the remake has turned out to be a complete disaster.  The acting was not good, the story was really bad and the ending is absolutely not believable. The characters are totally unlikable and I cannot believe that anyone would give the original cast an average rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed to find out that this film is actually made for adults. The only reason why it got an R rating in Canada was because it was a "kids movie", but the content of this film was not kid friendly and there were some scenes that could have been better off cut.  There was not a single scene in this film that was even remotely worth watching, and the story line was very convoluted and boring. This film is basically a glorified advertisement for a TV show. The acting was bad and the cinematography was very poor. The song in the end credits is awful.  The entire film is very amateurish and unprofessional. I'm not even sure what kind of director made this film, but it was definitely not the best. This was a horrible film that should never have gotten an R. I don't think that anyone in Canada would want to watch this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many problems with this movie. It's a complete waste of time. There are no plot twists or twists that actually make sense. The acting is awful, and the plot makes no sense. This movie was so bad that I had to ask for the video version. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I love this movie, but i have to admit that i'm not really a big fan of the way it's been done. The acting, for the most part, is okay, and the plot is okay. However, the editing and the lack of suspense is absolutely ridiculous. If you are a fan of a certain kind of movie, like an 80s/90s comedy, you'll enjoy it, but this movie simply isn't that. If this movie had a bit more substance, it would have ruined the whole experience. The story is completely unnecessary and is just a bunch of people talking. The only reason I didn't give it a 0 is because the main character has a really cute voice. I just wish that the producers had spent a bit of money on a decent director to come up with something that wasn't so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just plain boring. Not even an excuse to watch it. This movie had to be a joke to me! It's just soooooooo annoying!  The whole thing is so much like the movie "The Mask". Not to mention the acting is so awful! Not even a hint of any emotion or anything! The movie really got me so bored, I kept wishing the camera would go back to the "good movie" or something. I'm not sure if it's the fact that the movie was made for Halloween, or the fact I didn't know if the movie had a budget or something, but it sure didn't make up for it in the end.  The plot is completely unbelievable. I can't even begin to say how stupid this movie is. The plot was so unbelievable that I felt I was watching a movie that was supposed to be made up of a bunch of different stories, but somehow got it all together! I think the writers and director must have never even watched a horror movie before.  "The House of the Devil" is one of the most awful movies I have ever seen. This is the first movie I have seen where the movie has to be one of those "gory, gorey" things where you can really feel the fear and the horror. It's soooo lame! I would've actually laughed if I was the one watching it.  I wouldn't recommend watching it, it's just plain bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My first film was the "The Adventures of Zorro" from 1961. The story is so ridiculous it almost made the other two films look like a series of made up films. This one is just plain stupid. Zorre and Sorro, you are supposed to have a romance between you. It's so obvious it's laughable. Why did it take two hours and 45 minutes to build a relationship between them? And why did it cost this much to make a 30 second short? If you want to see a film that is so silly that you will watch it three times just to get it out of your system then this is not the film for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're expecting something along the lines of the "Rambo" series, "Red Dragon" will disappoint. It's not that it isn't entertaining, just that it's so shallow that you'll be left wanting more from it. I was surprised that I found a single good fight sequence in it. That's because it's just so predictable and predictable that it can be a chore to watch.  I don't have any idea what the hell the plot is supposed to be, and when the ending was explained to me, I had no clue why I was supposed to believe that it was meant to be a "real movie". If you want a thriller, look somewhere else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a film about a real life event.  It's just an extremely lame excuse to make a movie about an event that didn't really happen.  The film was so bad that I couldn't believe anyone would agree to let it be made. It should be illegal for any Hollywood film to be made without a disclaimer stating that the film was not made by the company.  If this was a real movie, I'd have expected it to be much better.  I'm going to give it one star because it does have a few funny moments, but otherwise, it's a horrible excuse to waste 10 minutes of your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an insult to the intelligence of every film critic in the world. Why is it not better known? I am going to do a little rant about the acting here. The film was just not very good in the acting department. It was like a two minute long montage of actors being forced to act on cue. And they did it all wrong.  A few examples. There was an actor playing the "females" who did not act, who was forced to do so, and this is supposed to be a comedy.  There was a male actor playing a female character who acted, but he acted very much like an average male actor. It is hard to believe that an average man can do a female accent and get away with it.  And, worst of all, a guy playing a girl did NOT act. He did NOT even attempt to act. I'm not sure if that was his name or what. It looked like it was just a line he was reading from a script.   And I have to say that the cinematography was so awful that I don't even know what the story was supposed to involve. There is no logic to what they were making.  The "acting" was just there because they didn't have anything better. I could give up. I just want to be able to see movies without having to sit through a 3 hour movie.  I can see that they were trying to make a point. But what point is that? I would have given it 2 out of 10.  It was just the worst. I have never seen an awful film that was made to look so... awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen.  I am surprised that anyone gave this movie a 10 rating. It is so awful that I would rate it below 10, but I still gave it 10. I do NOT recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this on video, and it was horrible. It was very poorly made, it was shot in a very poor light, and the only thing that stood out was the fact that it had an old school vibe. The actors were pretty much the same throughout the movie, but I found the character of Jack (played by the late Michael J. Pollard) to be extremely annoying and unfunny. The music was so out of place, it made me question if they were even aware that they were actually making this music for a movie, and then when the music started playing, it got to be quite a hassle trying to follow along. The acting was pretty bad too, and they didn't even bother to give their actors names or anything. The ending, however, was surprisingly decent, and maybe the best ending I've seen in a bad film. The only thing I can give the film is that it made for an interesting look on the "movies" genre. The end credits should be cut off, because it just looks bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seems that every movie that I watch is just this movie where all of the actors and actresses are so drunk that they cannot act properly. And this movie was no exception. This movie was not very funny, nor was it that good of a movie. There were a couple of good parts, but I was very disappointed with it. The movie ended up being about 20 minutes long, and it's just a shame to waste 20 minutes of my time watching this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that this is one of the most horrible movies I have ever seen. I am absolutely sick of movies that have been made with a plot line that is too ridiculous and the director didn't seem to understand the movie he was making. I'm pretty sure I was the only one who liked this movie. The plot was just plain awful, it made no sense and it made me feel disgusted by it. The acting was atrocious, it was awful. The way they shot the movie was just terrible. I've seen worse, but this was one of my least favorite movies ever. I can't believe it's been made into an award-winning flick, I don't think that it should have been. It was just bad.  I just can't understand how someone could come up with this story, and I mean it. It's ridiculous.  There's a whole section where the director just seems to have forgotten the basic plot and why the characters were involved. Why would they put themselves in such a situation? How could they do it if they were so dumb? How is that even possible?  This movie is just bad, I'm glad I don' t know what to expect. It sucks to see movies that are so stupid, that they are awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie last night and it made me feel sick to my stomach. I've seen it several times in the theaters, and it's always the same exact same thing. The acting is laughable, the dialog is unreadable, the story never progresses. It just makes you want to throw the DVD out the window. It's just an absolute waste of time. If you want a film where nothing happens, watch the movies where no one dies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was the worst movie I have ever seen. I saw it in the local multiplex, and it was just too ridiculous to be believable. The acting was not even good. It was just plain awful. I mean, they did have the right idea for a horror movie, but the execution was so bad that I was actually surprised at the number of people who found it funny. If you don't know how to write a horror script, DON'T do it. This movie was just a complete waste of time.   I don't even want to mention how bad it was in the end. It wasn't even funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at the Cinema One screening and it was just awful! The acting was horrible and the story wasn't even that great. It had a bunch of lame lines and nothing exciting happened. It was just a lot of wasted time! The ending was a huge disappointment to me.  I think that the director's excuse for this film was that he had no money to make it. However, that only makes sense if he made this movie in his spare time and didn't plan to make any money from it. If he had the money he could've made a really good movie. This movie is just about as entertaining as a bad video tape. The actors had to be so desperate for a paycheck to make this film. I would give a bad acting lesson to the actors involved in this film if they hadn't had a whole bunch of money to spare to make the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete waste of time. The acting is horrible. The plot is unbelievable. You can't believe it. I don't understand how people can watch this and not know that it's not a comedy. It's really sad because it's supposed to be about a comedy group, but they couldn't even make it a comedy at all.  The ending was really weird, but that's just the way the movie was. The movie is overrated, but it's only one of the worst movies ever made.   It's just a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a good movie. It has the potential to be interesting, but it fails on all fronts. The plot is weak, the acting is terrible and the story line is completely incoherent.  The acting was so bad that the audience didn't even care to see what was going on. If you are looking for a comedy about a killer that is out of his mind, this is not the movie for you. If the idea was that you would laugh at all the stupidity of the characters, that would be OK. But if the idea is that you just want to be entertained by the stupid characters, this movie is terrible. The whole movie was about the two guys that were hired to kill the killer, but that wasn't the story at all. It's just a big, long long sequence of stupidity. I couldn't even believe the script. I just wanted to watch the whole thing on DVD and read the book to find out what happened, but I didn't. I wish I could've gotten out of this movie the way I did with other movies I've seen in the past. This movie is just boring and uninteresting. I was really hoping that they'd at least do the special effects better, but they didn't, and they don't seem to have tried any of the special tricks either. I can't imagine that anyone was laughing their heads off when the killer went around with a big scythe. I mean, I just want the movie to be a little bit more interesting and I'm just glad that it's not.  I just hope they don`t do it again. I think that if they did this movie again, they'd do it with a special effects team that really knew how to do a special effect. I really wish that they had done the special effect work for the "Grim Reaper" or the "Scarecrow" movies instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film in this trilogy has nothing to do with the first two films in the trilogy and only a few of the cast members are still in this movie.  What I really wanted was for this movie to end but the way it was made was really, really, disappointing. The actors were horrible and the story, even if it were believable, could have been much better. The acting was awful, the music was terrible, and I couldn't even find the names of the actors. All of it was just so bad. I know this movie wasn't going to be a hit with the movie buffs so I didn't mind. I just wanted to get out of it. I really wish they hadn't made it.   I would give a 10/10 but that's a lot lower than 10/15. I would rate it a 7/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's some good in this movie, but there's absolutely no redeeming value whatsoever.  The acting is bad, the story line is shallow, and the movie itself is just an awful excuse to show the bad guys and their stupid weapons and ridiculous stunts. The entire thing feels like a poorly made, low-budget version of "Mad Max".  In this regard, it's the sort of movie you might actually want to see, but if you watch it and actually get the slightest bit of enjoyment out of it, you're going to be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching this video and reading the review of the video, I'm still at a loss to understand why anyone would spend this amount of money on this movie.  This movie is simply a giant advertisement for the movie. There are no story lines. No character development. No chemistry between any of the characters. Nothing worth watching.  If you are going to spend this much money on a movie: don't buy the movie, and don't waste your money on it.  I wish someone would write a positive review about good movie: This movie looks much better than all the others that have been made. This movie has the potential to be really good, but it will probably fall short. It isn't a bad film, but is very poorly made and could have been much better. The actors were good, the movie was not as polished as others, but was a lot better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so, so, SO bad, in fact, that it's a wonder how anyone even bothered to find it, let alone watch it. The actors are all so,so, so out of sync, they're almost never able to make eye contact with each other, the dialog is so,very,very dry, and the plot seems to have no real purpose other than to make the actors look like fools (especially Marky Mark). The only redeeming part of this film was the performances of its two leads. However, there was absolutely no reason to see this movie unless you're a complete idiot and want to see a few hours of Marky Marks getting all worked up over a film that's so,really,so bad, that you want to throw up your hands and cry about how the film was made. If you're willing to endure this garbage, then by all means, go ahead and see it.  I'll try to explain why this movie sucked so badly, but I'll spare you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst film I have ever seen. It is very sad to see how this film was made and to read how the movie was made, but it's not the worst. It's the movie that made me hate the Star Wars universe and to make this movie a reality, it needed a whole lot of special effects. It looks like a really old video game made it into a film.  I can't believe that the studio would try to make a movie that was made from scratch without any reference to the original films. This movie had all of the same problems as every other video game video I have seen. The sound effects were very amateurish, and the camera angles were very off from the original movies. This film is a total failure and nothing that has anything to do with the original movie. It made me want to see it with my own eyes, so I don't even care anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was very disappointing, especially for those who wanted to see a fun flick like IMAX and were disappointed that it did not come to fruition.  The movie was about a school boy who is a psychic, who has been sent to an insane asylum, and his relationship with a young girl who's a patient in the asylum. When the movie began, the girl in the hospital (who is not actually a patient, but rather a patient's girlfriend) starts having psychic powers, but the psychic boy is unable to communicate with her in his own right. After some strange things are said and done, he is hospitalized and the girl is released. The movie is very slow and it was difficult to follow in a way that I can describe. The dialog was a bit too long and incoherent, especially when the boy's sister tries to get her brother to stop talking about psychic powers. The rest of the movie was a waste of time, and in no way worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful and boring, there was no suspense, nothing really happened. The only thing that made it interesting was that all of the characters were white. It was very predictable. The story was predictable. I could have made a better movie if I had a better script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen, it's a disgraceful film from a film school that tries to portray the history of WW2 in a very simple way, with no context or meaning, this movie is full of boring scenes and characters and there is no real plot or story to speak of.  The film seems to be based on the book "The Last Man on Earth", the story is actually very much based on "Last Man on the Earth" by the British writer Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.  This movie is filled with the kind of clichs that we've seen in movies like "The Naked Gun", "The Adventures of Sharkboy", "Rambo" etc... If you like to see a man getting hit on the head and you like a man who is a total coward and only wants to keep his family safe, this film is a bad idea, but if you want a really boring, slow, overrated movie that tries its best to make a point that is completely pointless and pointless, this is probably the best movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film to be a little disconcerting, to say the least. The pacing was extremely slow, the script was extremely wooden, the story line seemed to be written by a fifth grader. I just didn't get any enjoyment from it, which is not too surprising considering the movie's rating.  I suppose the lack of plot was the main reason I felt so unenthusiastic. This movie is a complete waste of time, especially considering the fact that it cost $3.00. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years ago, I would have given this movie an 8 out of 10. Now, I can't remember when I was so angry with it. And I'm guessing I'll never have to give it one. I've been trying to get over it for two years now.  The acting was just OK. And the writing was terrible.  This movie should have stayed in the "mature" section, but was just too much for me.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My favorite part of this movie was the way it was so obviously made for television. They put together the story from their shows and then just tossed it in a film format. How would they make it interesting without the characters having names and personalities? What does the writer of the script know that I don't? I don\'t think the movie has any value whatsoever because it\'s made to be viewed on television. The movie just sits there and looks like an extended promo for the show. And that\'s a shame because I liked the show and would have paid to see it again, but it\'d have to be in HD for me to actually watch it.   This movie has nothing to do with the show or the characters and that\'d be the end of it. The show should go out with a bang. If the show goes out with no bang then there\'s something wrong. The characters and story are great and deserve better than this crap. If they can at least put some effort into the characters, they can be better than a film that\'ll look great in a DVD box.  I give it 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure how much of a film this really was, but it was probably the most expensive film I've ever seen. I can't imagine how the director could have spent that amount of money on this movie and not at least get it into theaters. There was absolutely nothing in the movie. There were no jokes, no story, nothing. It just made the film look like it was made for a small group of people to watch.   It is an extremely unpleasant film that is probably the worst I've seen in the entire years I've been doing this. I think it's about as boring as a video game.  I can see how they thought they could make a decent film in a short time with the amount of time they had, but in reality this was just a bunch of people doing what they thought would be funny and it wasn't. The acting is terrible, the plot is bad, the visuals are awful and the sound is awful. I mean, if you have to make a movie about a guy getting a dog, you better make sure it's really funny. The dog scenes are just about the worst, worst in the world I've heard of, ever. I know the movie was made to be shown to friends and family and I would assume that's what the director was doing, but they should have just made it a documentary, at least to make it entertaining.  If they had put some effort into this, I could have made a good movie, but, sadly, they didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so boring and not even in the slightest interesting. It's just so bland that it makes you want to scream.  And I do mean BORING. I mean, what could be happening in the world that this would be so boring? Where are all these characters that are supposed to be so interesting? Where do these characters come from? Why are they all so stupid? Why is everything so incredibly stupid? I mean why did they go to that place where they had to fight aliens that are all around them and the people who are in the room with them? Why did they come back to their own planet? Why do they come to the planet that they've been living on for so long? Why does the Earth have no life? Why doesn't this planet have any life? How did they get to their planet? Who are they? Where did they all come from and why are they still here? Who is the mother? Why aren't they alive? Why didn't they die when they were born? How is it possible that this movie didn't have an ending? The only thing that I can come up with is that they never thought that this film was a real comedy and never bothered to make the movie into an actual comedy! They never bothered making the movie funny! They made the movie boring! How is this movie supposed to have an answer? I don't understand this movie!  I don' really know how to review a movie that is this awful! I mean I know what a movie should be but this movie was so boring that I wanted to burn it and throw it out and start over. This movie could have been made into a real, honest, funny movie! How did the producers not think that this was a movie? If you want a comedy movie that actually has a chance to be funny, go for it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Trucker" is a bad, lame, uninspired, low budget "Star Trek" spoof. It has no redeeming quality.  There are some really odd moments in the movie (like when Kirk and Uhura are going at each other over the phone), but it is pretty bland. I really did not enjoy it at all. It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  This is a huge disappointment for a "Star Wars" fan to watch. It's just not very funny at all, and there is no heart to it. It makes the "Empire Strikes Back" series look like a comedy.  The whole idea of a "Trek" parody was just silly. The whole thing was too low budget and too cheesy. It just lacked the charm that we expect from "Star" movies. I would not recommend this to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has so much to do with "Rats", but I could never get through to the end without being bored.  The film tries to create suspense by introducing so many twists that I was totally lost for an hour. If you can get through the first half hour of this film, you'll probably get through everything else.  If you want to watch a comedy, I recommend a different movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm really surprised that the producers made this movie so long after the death of its creator. It was like an attempt at a new remake of the first 'Election'. If anyone has any idea how the original film was like then I would like to see it, because the script was so full of holes that it could easily have been a remake of 'Elections'. There was never any suspense in the movie and the story was about the characters' reactions to events. All of the characters were either really stupid or really stupidly naive. I mean even the children were stupid, I mean they didn't seem to realize that they were stupid.  It's as if the director had been forced to make this film after the 'Empire Strikes Back' had just come out, and then he got bored of it. There are some scenes that were funny, but the rest were pretty pointless.  There was no direction or story. It's just a bunch of guys acting like idiots. If anyone could tell me how to make a better movie I would be happy to pay money for it. I guess that would make more sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the synopsis on IMDb and found it to be the only positive review for this movie. I was not impressed with the cast and I think this film will just be a huge disappointment to the audience. I did not care much for the plot, I think it could have been an interesting film if they did not go so far as to use the classic "fantasy" genre. They made a lot of characters and events that were just flat out ridiculous. I can understand if the producers had no idea how to make a film, but that does not justify wasting their time. The film is about as good as the "Lover's Choice", "Wish You Were Mine" or "I Want to Be Yours".  I would not recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just not even funny at all. I've seen it at least 10 times and it's never funny. It is also very slow and boring. I don't think the director or actors knew what they were doing at all... It was just a complete waste of time. I'm a very cynical person and I don;t think movies are supposed to be funny... I think this is the worst movie I've ever seen. I know the director is good at writing scripts but I think the actors need to do better work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got this film because I like the sound of this movie, and it had the added bonus of being directed by Paul Verhoeven.  I watched it twice and I just can't get past the sound track. It is so bad, you'll be sick to your stomach if you listen to it, and even after you hear it once you'll hate it even more. The plot is boring, the characters are poorly written, and the acting is terrible. I am amazed that there is any way the filmmakers got away with this. There is a lot of dialogue that is unreadable, and you won't even want to listen to the soundtrack, especially since the music is so terrible. The special effects are not up to par with other horror films of the same time period, although the special effects were pretty good in the opening scenes. The acting is so-so, but not the worst thing I've ever heard on the big screen.  In the end, this is a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to express my gratitude to my friend for recommending this movie to me, but I don't want to say anything negative about it. I was not a big fan of the first movie in the series, and I thought that the last movie in this series would have been better, but this movie made me dislike it even more. I don\'t understand why this movie was made. It was just made for a TV show, and there is no way a movie made for the TV show can be as entertaining as the original movie. It\'s just sad to see how much effort and money was wasted on this movie, because this movie could have been a movie about a man who died, or about a murder, or it could have just been a series of bad movies.  It just made me hate everything about this movie. I could have done without this movie altogether. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is completely awful. This film had the potential to be brilliant, but the film was a complete failure. There were too many unnecessary plot holes, too many plot holes that did not add anything to the film, and not enough character development.  I have seen better films, this was not one of them. There was no plot to be had, the only thing to be gained was the fact that it was supposed to be a comedy, but it turned out to be more like a low budget version of "Wonka and the Mafia", where everyone is a total buffoon and no one actually shows any intelligence or knowledge. I do not believe in comedy, and I think that this film is just plain boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My girlfriend, an adult film enthusiast, came to see this movie at the local video store. The movie was only around 90 minutes long. We watched a lot of it, because it was so terribly made. There was no story line, no character development, nothing. I can't say why. The characters were bland, the story was stupid, and the special effects were not believable. We saw a few scenes of a guy playing the piano, and it was awful. The guy was terrible, and I couldn't get into it. I'm not a big fan of the director's work. He had a reputation in the industry for making movies that were less than 100% faithful to the source material. I didn't want to watch the movie, because the movie was so bad.  So I gave it a chance, and watched it again. The video store clerk said it was OK, and that I could just put it on my hard drive. I was so disappointed, I couldn. I felt like I was watching a low-budget horror movie. I would rather have seen a cheap horror movie on video that I was less entertained by.  I gave the video store employee $2.99 to see it again, and then I watched it a third time, and again I gave up. I don't know how to explain how horrible the movie is, other than it just sucks. I gave this movie 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're a fan of the James Bond films, you'll love this one. However, the plot is so weak, and the acting so weak that I actually had to laugh at some of the things he says and does, to get the story to move along. Even worse is when the villain actually gets to make a scene or two (the plot actually develops and gets interesting in the beginning of the film).  The acting is just so bad and so predictable, that I could actually feel bad for the actors and the director. The only good thing about this film is that there are still plenty of fans who love James Bond, so I don't think this is going to hurt his popularity too much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really annoying, and i was really surprised to see how much it is not worth watching. There are not enough people that enjoy this kind of thing to be bothered by this, but people who enjoy it are probably going to spend a lot of money on it.  The acting is a bit too much for some people and the acting is really bad for the rest of them. The movie is just way too long, way too slow, way way too repetitive and just really, really bad. This is the worst movie I've ever seen, the worst one that I've seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing in this movie that's worth discussing, and the only reason to even begin is to find out if there's any way to watch the trailer. In fact, there isn't. There's a few moments that are interesting enough, and that should give you a chance to at least enjoy the idea of the movie. Unfortunately, the rest of the story is awful. And the only redeeming quality is that there are some pretty good supporting characters. But there is no reason to waste your time watching this movie, because you'll be bored to death in no time.  I've watched the trailer several times, and I'm still not sure what the point is of it. I think it might be supposed to be a joke, but it's not funny. The acting is bad, the direction is bad and the story, if you can make it through it, might be interesting enough to warrant a trip to the theater. But if you're looking for something to be offended by, watch the original version. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a story behind this film. There are so many plot holes and inconsistencies, that I'm not even sure if the filmmakers were even trying to make a film.  If they were, they would have included a good bit more information. The director's choice to film this was a bad one. I give the movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the late 60's and early 70's when I was first introduced to the horror genre it was seen as a form of art. It was viewed as a challenge to be overcome, an escape from reality. But the only escape that really existed was to be able to look at it and go along with it, because this genre was so deeply rooted in fear. That fear was used to keep people from seeing things that most people would not normally see, like the murder of children. This film, however, is a complete embarrassment. This is a film that looks at the horror of its genre through a negative lens.  It tries to be something that would make people feel sick to see it, but fails miserably. The acting is absolutely awful, the plot is weak, the camera moves in an awkward way that just makes you want to punch it. The story is nonsensical and the characters are very wooden.  There is a really nice scene where a character in a house where he's hiding from a murder attempts to get a phone number for his wife so he can warn her that the killer will come. He has to write it down and then he tries to remember the number. He forgets it and the killer comes through.  A really weak movie that has no redeeming qualities at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen it all and I've tried to watch it all, but the most pathetic, the most painful, and the worst film I've ever seen.  I saw the trailer and was wondering if I should see it, but I waited too long. The first half of the movie was OK, but by the second half the script became unbearable. This movie is the worst movie I've experienced and the reason I haven't yet rated it. This is a film with no character development, no plot, and no real meaning. The movie is about a bunch of stupid, uninspired, and unlikable characters. There are several scenes that just seem to drag the movie down. One example is when the wife of a former football player, who is now in jail, is beaten up by a group of thugs. The director tries to make this look like a fun movie but he can't even make the most basic things look cool. There is no reason to think the characters will be able to rise up in the future when they are just going through the motions and have no life to live up to. This film has no heart and no meaning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've heard many a good movie made in the past, but none of them seem to be of this caliber. This movie is so poorly made and so shallow and so poorly directed that you can hardly even watch it without getting angry at it. I found myself actually starting to like the character, but then it just kept getting worse and worse. The acting was okay, but there was absolutely no story or anything. I did not care for any of the acting, even though it was all the better, because it was such a cheap, cheap, and so-so-bad movie. It's not funny at all, it's not entertaining, it lacks direction, and it's just so boring and so terribly sad. I can understand that it was made for a small budget, but still, this is the worst movie I've ever seen. I'm embarrassed to admit that I've seen worse, but I'm not proud to admit it. This film was not worth watching at all. I've had it in my mind for days, and I couldn't watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad, I had to leave the theater for a while.  My girlfriend saw this movie first, then the rest of us. I got so angry at the guy who was in charge of directing this movie that I left the theater. I can't believe that they would even make this movie, since it was such a waste of my time. If you are a fan of the TV show "Friends", you will probably hate this movie. I would recommend skipping this movie if you don't like "Friends". I can see why people would like this movie because the cast is so bad. They are supposed to be good actors, but they are so over-acting that I could tell that they were just going through the motions. I was really disappointed that the TV cast wasn't as funny as the movie was. There are other funny movies out there. This one is pretty much a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the biggest disappointment that I have seen since I saw that director Paul Verhoeven.  I mean it's one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The characters are terrible, the plot is unbelievable and the editing is terrible. The only thing that I liked was the music. I liked that they used the songs from the 80s. That's not what I saw in the movie.  It is an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a complete waste of time and energy. It's an interesting look at the lives of young people who seem to think the world revolves around them. However, when they get together and start to really make friends they start to realize that life isn't as easy as it seems to them. The movie tries to be so different from other movies that it can't even compare to the original movie. It has an ending that isn't what it should be. In my opinion it's a waste of a movie.  This is a very strange movie. There's a reason why they make movies like this. It doesn't take into consideration how real the characters are, and the movie doesn't have much of a story at all. The characters are so thin that you'd have to read them in order to get the gist of what is going on. The story is so thin and uninteresting that it's hard to get any real story out of it.  I found this movie completely unbearable. The acting was terrible, and there was absolutely nothing to talk about. This movie had no heart at all, and was just a waste. The actors should have gone to the movies to see other people's movies instead of making a movie like this one.  It wasn't even worth watching. I wish I had seen the original instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's something about the original Star Wars trilogy that appeals to people who don't like their movies, but the trilogy, even the original films, can be incredibly boring. The story is boring and the characters are bland. But the movie is a low-budget version of the original trilogy and the only redeeming quality is the fact that George Lucas can't be bothered to put a decent, non-pornographic version of this film on DVD.  I'd be interested to know if this movie has anything to do with Star Wars: Episode IV. It certainly doesn't.  It is a very low-rent, low-brow, trash-tastic, un-Star Wars film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few weeks ago, I posted a review of a bad film: a remake of the classic "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory" from 1971. I was hoping to see the film again, so I downloaded the film and watched it. Well, it's worse than I remembered. For starters, there are no Willy Wonka's anymore, only old women with funny faces. And, there is no Willys chocolate factory at all. It's now an ice cream shop called "WannaCry", where people cry, get drunk, and eat ice cream. That's not a good way to introduce a remake. There's no Willies chocolate anywhere either.  The plot is absolutely worthless, as well as the direction. Every single character is so boring, and I found myself smiling at them all the time. I did notice that the movie's soundtrack is terrible, as are all of the actors.  A very lame attempt to recreate a great movie, but, even worse than that, a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Biggest Blockbuster of All Time" is a complete disappointment, with a boring plot and boring characters. I give this movie a 1/10, not because it was poorly made, but because it is a waste of time for anyone who enjoys the big-budget movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a very strange feeling in this movie, it seems like there are several people who want to be angry but in this case, the anger is only felt by the character who is the target.  There are several things wrong in this picture: 1. No one reacts to the situations or even thinks about it. 2. The movie is a huge waste of time, especially the last part. It is one of the worst examples of the genre and of low budget movies. The acting is bad. The special effects look fake, and the only way to make them look real is to make the actors wear clothes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of hype surrounding this film, it looks like a typical Disney short - but the film lacks substance, and has a dull end. The actors are bland and unconvincing. The plot is predictable and has nothing to say about the movie - and the animation is pretty much the same as most Disney shorts. If you want to see an uninspired film that doesn't have much to say, watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a decent amount of patience with this one. It was just a couple of minutes too long and too much in the way of plot. I found the beginning and the end quite unsatisfying. I'm not sure why, but I kept watching because I thought that the show might go on longer. It didn't. The ending was also pretty much the same as the first episode. If the show could do something for itself, it would be to cut out all the unnecessary exposition and show the audience what it's like to be in the middle of a nuclear war.   It's probably just the way the show was intended, but it was really boring to watch. I think the producers were just trying to make the show seem more realistic than it was. The special effects were alright, but they weren't as convincing as they could have been. The effects were so poor that I thought they could've done a better job.  I really don't understand why the show didn't have a chance to go anywhere. I would have liked to see a couple more episodes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to this movie, as I always do when I watch horror movies on DVD, but it turned out to be an absolute disappointment. It's not funny, not interesting, not even remotely scary, and I was left with a very negative feeling. I'm not sure if it was the director's fault or if it wasn't intended for the audience, but I'm sorry if it made you feel that way. This movie made me laugh once or twice, but after the first time it happened I really wanted to take it away from me. I don't understand how anyone who thinks this movie is "funny" could not have done something more with the story.  The actors were really pathetic, and the whole movie made no sense to me. The script was so convoluted that I had no idea what happened in it until the very end, and even then I didn't know if it happened. I didn'T want to watch it again, but for some reason, I couldn't resist. I'd suggest people avoid this movie unless they are looking for some entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was made on the strength of the story line, and nothing else.  The story line was nothing but a giant wall of crap. I thought it was really silly to have the main character from the book in this movie. I could have done without the fact that the movie is set in a house in England, and it is set after the events of the book.  This movie was terrible. I really thought it would be worth watching if it had been done by a more talented writer, but it was so awful I just didn't care to watch it.  I'm sorry to say this but I would have to say that I would give the movie a 1/10. If I had known there was no story line in the movie, I would be more positive. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an absolute waste of time.  The only positive thing I can say about it is that I was entertained, but I think I could have done without it. The only thing I really dislike about this movie is that it seems to be about the only thing that the writers of this movie can come up with. The idea that a woman is just trying to find a husband and will never get any better if she only goes to the doctor and only uses her husband's money for things she doesn't really need is just a complete waste of brain energy.  I just didn't think there was much of a plot here.  If I were to watch this movie again, I would just ignore it.   I really hate that people see this movie and think it's okay because the actor is a really attractive guy. I think that the people who make these movies need to wake up and realize that a lot of women don't have any interest in having sex anymore, and even if they do, most men don't want to give it up to women anyway, so there really is no reason to make movies like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After spending the better part of two hours in the theater, I was thoroughly disappointed. The plot was predictable, the acting was lackluster, and the story line was so far from believable that I thought it was going to come back to haunt the entire movie. I have never seen a movie with such an unsatisfactory ending. I know I'm not alone in this sentiment. A quick look at IMDb.com and the IMDb comments sections shows how other people feel. The acting is so poor that it's actually quite funny, especially if you consider the time frame and setting. I've never seen such a blatant lack of effort to make a good movie. Even the plot is a complete failure. In this movie, the bad guys are trying to take over the world by destroying the Earth's resources and making life a misery for all of us, and they win when a man named David (Michael Fassbender) sacrifices himself in the name of his family and a world that would have been otherwise destroyed. This is all the way too familiar.  My only consolation was that the ending is somewhat better than what I had seen before. There's no real question about it. You could have just had him shoot himself instead of letting him die, or had him sacrifice himself in order to bring a new, more favorable world to the Earth, where the humans will live better and longer than in the real world. I can't believe that this was the direction that was chosen. I'm surprised it didn't happen.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are many reviews about this movie. Some say it is a "truly cinematic disaster". Others say it was a "horrible film". I am a little bit surprised to see a movie review that describes it as "horror". It was just too bad to be a horror movie.  The story is so weak and has too much wasted screen time for me to care. The acting is so bad that I can hardly believe the actors were good enough to work in a horror film. This movie is the kind of movie you watch when you are bored.  I give the movie a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My first exposure to the film was through "The Man with the Blue Dress". I had seen it several times before and found it to be a fairly decent movie with a few redeeming features. However, this movie was a real disappointment. I am no expert on this sort of movie but I am pretty sure that it would have been much better with a little more effort. I don't care if the story was "inspired" by the "Men In Black" movies or not. But it was a disappointment for what was supposed to be one of the better-looking and more original American movies of the 1970s. The characters and plot were just horrible, even by the standards of "The Dark Knight" or "Beverly Hills Cop". This is not an accident. This movie was created in a vacuum, a vacuum where the director and screenwriter couldn't have found anyone who could do a better job. A very lame excuse to make a dumb movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what was going on in this movie, but I watched it twice. The story was so stupid it was unbelievable. It was a movie from the 1950's, I guess.  The plot was unbelievable and the plot was so unbelievable I couldn't believe I was watching this movie at all.  One of the characters was supposed to be a woman. It looked so phony. She was dressed in drag. That was the only part of the movie that was believable. It didn't even make sense! I laughed so hard I thought I was going to throw up. I mean, the acting was so bad I couldn' have cared less.  And the music was not that good either. The sound was bad. And the cinematography was just plain awful. The whole movie was a complete waste of time.  Don't waste your time on this movie. I just don't understand how anyone could have rated this movie so low. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the idea behind this movie was a really bad one, and it really wasn't very good. The movie is really long, and the acting was terrible. The story was also not very interesting. The acting is awful, the script is terrible, the sound effects are awful, and there were some really stupid things that happened. I really don't know how it made the director, who was actually the director of "Movies without Men", able to make this movie in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be very poorly directed, and the actors acting very poorly. I also found the storyline extremely disappointing. I can only give it a 3.0 out of 10. The story was not even remotely believable. I do not understand why they even bothered to film it at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was absolutely awful. There was literally no story line at all. I think the producers were just looking for a way to make the movie less boring. It's just really, really bad. I was very disappointed that there was no special effects, no special sound, and no special camera work. I just really don't get it. This movie would be better as a series of animated shorts, rather than a movie. The characters were basically made to look stupid and uninteresting. The story line was just okay, but the movie just wasn't that good to begin with. I don't know why the producers didn't do anything with the story line after the movie was over. It was just a really lame idea to give a boring movie a plot line.  I give the movie 2/10. I give it an "F". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film in the screening room at a local cinema, and it looked like an extremely unprofessional production, and I was impressed by the amount of effort it must have taken to get a film made. It was a complete waste of money for the producers, who, if they really care about the people who are working in their business, could have spared some effort and made a nice little film, instead of wasting money like this.  The plot was pretty lame, and the film was just plain awful. The acting was terrible, the music was very uninteresting and annoying, and most of the film consisted of the actors making fun of the audience, and not even trying to be funny. I mean, it was just awful. I was watching it on the TV in my car, and my wife was watching on her laptop, and our two daughters were watching on their smartphones, and we both thought that we were watching a really funny movie, which we were not. If they wanted to make a film like this, they could have done it a lot cheaper, and they could of saved some money.  They could of just made a little less effort and produced a nice, but not nearly as funny film.  It was, to put it mildly, a complete disappointment. It is a waste of time, and even more so, it is a complete wastes of money. This is a low budget film that you can easily tell was made to be made cheaply. It has very little entertainment value and has nothing to offer the people involved.  If they really wanted to see what they could do, I would have thought that they would have looked at what other people are doing, and taken inspiration from it. Instead, they decided to make an over the top, boring, unoriginal film. I am not sure how they made it, or if it was even made. Perhaps they used some of the money to buy a few drinks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would say that this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The acting was awful, the plot was predictable and the direction was so weak that it was hard to believe anyone was actually trying to make a movie.  I've seen worse movies but this was a surprise. The movie starts out great and slowly descends to an awful mess, where characters don't even know what their job is, and are just thrown in to the middle of the action in a seemingly unrelated situation and just get to know each other. I can't believe anyone thought that making this movie would be a success.  It's just plain awful.  You have to give it a 1 out of 10. It's so bad that you actually laugh at it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe the producers of this show can have such a lack of common sense that they can produce this. It was a complete waste of the few minutes it had. The writing was awful, the acting was awful and the direction was awful. I can only conclude the show is directed by some kind of a maniac. If I were a TV critic, I would have rated this show somewhere around a 3. I'm sorry for the fact I'm watching a series where there are only 2 episodes and they both suck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this on DVD. This movie was so poorly made I could not understand how the actors could have made it so poorly. There were no acting skills, there was no plot, there were no scenes, and even though they did use sound effects, they didn't make them sound like they belonged in this movie. The characters were really annoying, the sound effects were bad, and the dialogue was so stupid and forced. It just seemed like they made this movie for people who were desperate to watch the film but were too busy to take out their frustrations on the actors who made it.  The script is so bad I cannot even begin to describe how awful it is. The acting is so so so bad. I think this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. If you're gonna watch this movie, don't waste your time. Go out and rent the next movie and watch the other movies from this series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's so bad that it hurts. There are so many mistakes, such as the fact that the character in the movie is actually the husband of the woman he's in love with. This movie was so bad, it made me want to vomit. The acting was just awful, I can't believe that people would actually make such a bad film. I can only conclude that the writers and director of this film didn't even know what the script was supposed to say, and were simply making it up as they went along. The writing was so poor, that I almost had to turn it off.  This film has so many plot holes that the movie could have been an adventure movie about the life of a man with an annoying wife who tries to kill him.  The ending was so stupid and contrived, that you have to wonder why anyone would even bother making such a stupid movie.  A movie should never make me want it to be better. I'm sure that if they had actually bothered to read the script, they would have come up with an ending that would make sense. I would have rather had the movie have been a comedy of some sort. I'd much rather see the husband getting his own girlfriend, and then killing his wife for her.   The movie was only worth seeing because I was expecting something better, but I didn't. And I'm not sure I'll ever like anything ever again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating is one-out-of-10 for the low quality. But it's a good movie: the camera shots are the worst. The script is a total failure. The plot is totally unbelievable. And the acting is awful.  The plot should have ended with the death of the mother and the father.   I guess the writers couldn't resist the temptation of having a baby and have it die, thus creating the monster of "the monster from the dark side". But the script is so poorly conceived, it's just plain ridiculous. And, of course, the acting was terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so terrible it's funny how it manages to be a waste of time. It's not just the actors, but the story itself. It is so devoid of story and meaning, you feel like you're just watching a video game. The premise of the movie is that "The Dark Knight" and "Batman" are a good way to go about fighting crime. But the movie really seems to have been made with no story and just to fill the time, a lot of pointless stuff happens. The acting is terrible. The writing is very poorly written. The plot is just awful.  It's just so stupid that you just want to kill yourself, and if you're a Batman fan you'll just want kill the entire cast.  So just stay away from this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie from an unknown director. The cast is very weak and the plot is so boring. I think it should have been titled 'the worst movie I ever saw' and I was hoping that it would have been a comedy but instead it was very slow and had the wrong ending.  It's just one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I just can't understand how people can like this kind of movie. It's not funny, it's not a thriller, it has no plot, no meaning.  In the movie, you can't feel anything in it. I can't get my emotions back. It is just so, so, very, very sad. There's just so much sadness in it that I can hardly bear to look at it.  I'm not saying that it's a good movie or that it is a bad one but this is the worst movie ever made.  The only reason I'm giving this movie 3 out of 10 is because it was made for TV. I'm very glad that it was. Otherwise it would probably have got 4 out of ten. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a total disappointment. It's just too much of an excuse for a really bad film, and the ending left a bad taste in my mouth.  The acting was pretty OK, but not the best. I found it to be a waste of time. I'm disappointed that the movie didn't have much to do with the story and was really just a series of poorly staged shots and lame jokes.  A shame, as I thought this was going to be one of the better movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the trailer, and it sounds promising, and I just can't wait to see it. I just have to say, I'm not sure how this could be one of the best horror films of all time. I mean, it's not even a "real" horror movie, it has no horror elements, and there's no blood, gore, or even a scary movie. Just one very lame guy in a wheelchair who's trying to scare people. The only thing that really works is the "cute" movie stars, and the director's idea of a killer doll, but I'm pretty sure that there aren't any dolls left alive on the movie set that could even make this movie.  This movie is really just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't even remember when the movie first aired, but I watched it again and again. I would have given it a 1/10 if it were a decent movie. It is awful. There is no humor, no sense of adventure, and no emotion whatsoever. It looks like an over-produced, poorly made, badly acted, badly directed, poorly shot, poorly edited movie.  This is not an exception to the rule of awful movies. I saw this movie at the local library and it was on the DVD. It was a waste of money.  I would rate it a 0 on a 1-10 scale. It's a waste. I can't recommend it, it's a total waste of time and money. I don.t even want to discuss it, and I won't recommend that anyone waste their time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a fan of the original Alien, and Alien 3, and even Alien: The Final Cut.  It was one of the best movies I've ever seen, but unfortunately I had to sit through Alien 4 and Alien: Resurrection to see how it ended. I watched the movie twice, once from beginning to end, and once from end to end. I got nothing out of it. I'm really sorry to say, but the film was a complete waste of time.  This movie isn't even worth a single star. This movie was just an excuse for another Alien movie. The movie doesn't even make sense. The characters are not developed, the story is stupid, and the action is so much worse than what we've seen in every other Alien movie up to this point. It's a shame that they wasted an already weak movie. I gave it a 1/10, but I would like to see more from the Alien franchise. I would recommend that you do not waste your money on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what I call a "slash of the past".  The movie starts off OK but then it gets really slow and it gets REALLY DIFFICULT. I thought the movie was going to be great, but it never got going.  I guess I just watched too many other movies that had the same plot, except it's not like this one. I'm a big fan of the "Fatal Attraction" but I just couldn't get to that movie because of this one...  The acting was so bad and the story was so shallow. It's like they took the script from "A Deadly Fanboy" and tried to turn it into a horror movie. The director just didn't have any idea what to do with it and it just ended up in a boring way.  The film was really bad and it really wasn't that good for its budget. The movie should have been around 4.5/10.  It's one of the worst movies I've ever seen and I just wish I could give it a 1. It would have been much better if they made it longer or more horror themed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing the film, I could not believe it had any entertainment value. The dialogue was not even coherent.  It seemed to be made for no reason at all. And even though it contained a few moments of laughter, it did not come close to being funny. I could never figure out why they decided to put the title character in the movie. He was supposed to be a killer and yet there he was, having nothing to do with the story and not even making any sense.  And then there was the ending. How do you put a kid's life in a movie without making him feel real pain? He gets killed by a group of people who had no idea he was a killer. It is not even clear whether they knew he was being set up by the authorities, but that was the last we saw of him.  If the makers of this film had actually made a film that was actually entertaining, they would have had to use a lot more than one character.  The actors who were in it, were not even good at acting. In fact, I remember thinking that it was really hard to believe that this movie was made. It could have been better if the writers had a better idea of what they were doing. This is a film made in the 1950s, and it had better ideas.   I would not recommend this movie to anyone. It was a waste of time and money. I hope that the producers and directors of this movie are ashamed that they made such a bad film and have a heart attack because it made them look bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe it took this long for a movie to come out. I'm sorry to say that the movie was as bad as I thought it was. I can only compare it to a really bad TV series. The show was awful, but the movie isn't. This movie was made for nothing. This was a waste of my time and the money. I'll never watch this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had seen the video of this film, I can't believe how many times I watched it and how much I missed it. I'm so disgusted with this film. It is the worst movie I've ever seen. The characters are stupid and annoying, the acting is terrible and the plot is completely pointless. I've been in a car crash and my head is spinning and I'm still trying to figure out what the movie is about. There are a few scenes in this film that are very interesting, but there is a lot of wasted time and it makes you feel like the characters don't care about anything.  The only reason I gave this movie 2 stars is because I can understand the concept behind it and the characters are cute but this film just made me want to punch people in the face. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this one once on cable when it came out and it was awful. I mean it was so bad. I watched it again when it was released on DVD but I had to see it again because it was that bad. It was so boring. The acting was terrible and it had a lot of cheesy lines.  The story line was not even worth mentioning. You could tell the movie was made to be a parody of "The Omen" because it looked like it had been done. I just couldn't stand it. The fact that the movie is only around 13 minutes long was just unbelievable. It's like they took the entire thing and cut out the best bits for a parody that only lasts 1/3 of the movie. It wasn't even worth watching because of how boring it was. I felt that they could have done a better job if they had done the whole movie in 1/2 the length because that's when it would have had the most impact on me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very uninteresting movie. The plot is very predictable and the dialog is terrible. The actors are not particularly good and the story is a waste of time. I am giving this movie 1/10 because I thought that it would have been better with a better script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I'm sorry, but I can't. I'm sorry. Please, I can. Please don't make me do it. I don't want to." I can understand how people would make such a judgment, but this movie was really, really, not even remotely enjoyable. It was flat, uninteresting, and it just seemed to me that this movie had no idea how to make a good film. This movie was completely uninspiring and had the least interesting story in the history of a bad film I've ever seen. I mean, even a bad version of "The Exorcist" would have at least tried to have a plot, a story, and some suspense, but what happened in "The Conjuring" is just plain boring. It didn't even try to make up for this by having a great cast and a great supporting cast.  The only redeeming point was the performances of some of the other actors in the movie. The only thing that kept this from being an unmitigated disaster was the music. There was one memorable song, "Escape," but other than that I had zero good feelings about the movie at all.  I don`t recommend this movie, but don't take my word for it. Go watch "The Possession" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very, very low budget comedy film with terrible script, terrible acting, and worst acting in the history of cinema. The story was a big joke in the beginning, but it wasn't that funny. There was absolutely no chemistry between the actors, they all acted like each other, they were all playing characters who are very similar to each other. The script is terrible, the actors are horrible, the music was awful. It was a total waste of time.  I don't understand how someone could give this movie a 1/10. I mean, how do you give a movie like this a 10? The only reason I gave it a 10 was because it was the only movie I saw in which my kids were not happy.  If you want a film with a lot of plot and a bunch of actors who are OK at acting but are horrible in a comedic context, I would suggest you go out and rent a low budget movie from the local video store. You'll have more luck than I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was boring, slow and very boring to watch. I'm sure that this movie was made in an effort to get as many people as possible to see it. But it was a waste of time. The acting was really terrible. The scenes were so short that they hardly had any of the drama. They seemed like they were made to make the movie more interesting by the actors. It was a very depressing film to watch, especially when you noticed the mistakes in the movie, the movie was so bad. I would like to point out one problem in the film. The actors were not supposed to be the lead in this movie. I think that this is a bad idea because in this kind of movie, all the leads are supposed to act in support of the lead. The lead actor should have been the one that wanted to be in the lead role, and the director should have directed him to do so.  I'm sorry for this film, it was just a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did not like this movie, nor was it interesting.  The movie started out with a good beginning but after 10 minutes I lost interest. Then, I watched the movie and was totally bored. Then I started watching the movie again, and the movie ended. Then all I wanted to do was to stop watching the movies. The story was predictable, and even if you read the book, the story does not make sense. I wish the writers of the book would have made the movie more like a movie, rather than a book.  In the book the main character dies in an accident, in the movie he dies at the hands of the same person who killed his wife and sister in the book. In both movies the main hero and the villain are played by people who are too weak and not believable. I would not have bet on the movie because I didnt like the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was really an insult to the intelligence of the audience. It was not even worth my time to watch. There was absolutely nothing in the story to keep me interested, except for the fact that I am a person who really enjoys watching people do stupid things.  But I must admit that it was entertaining. There were two things I really dislike in movies. One is the stupid idea that if people do a good job, the audience will be happy. This movie shows how stupid people are and how they feel when they are not happy. But the other thing I really hate is the fact the audience members don't understand why they are doing the things they are actually doing. This is the movie equivalent of a man who says that if he does a bad job, people will think that he is a bad actor. This isn't true, but it is true that if you have no idea what is going on in the movie, the movie will be boring. If you really want to know what is really going on, you will have to read the book.  The movie had one really good scene, but one that I couldn't even understand. A guy with a heart attack is in the hospital, but the doctors don't know what to do with him. When he is taken to the intensive care unit, he is lying on the bed and can't stand up. The doctors try everything. The nurse takes his pulse, the doctor tells him to drink water, the nurse asks him if he wants to eat, the nurses tell him that they can't do anything. They don't care. The guy has to sit there and wait for death. This scene is really scary because the guy is in such pain that he cannot sit on the floor anymore. He is still in pain, but he can't move. They keep saying he should move, and then he finally gets up and walks around the room and talks to the other people. How does the guy who cannot stand up in the ICU care for the guy that is sitting on the ground? How do they care about the guy on the hospital floor? It is really ridiculous. It is so obvious that they are trying to make this movie into a love story. I know that they don't like movies about love, but I just don't get it. If this movie had been a love movie, I would have hated it.  If you have read the novel, you know that the movie ends in a dream sequence. If the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was absolutely awful. The story was very contrived and not believable at all. There were two main characters who seemed to have no connection with the story, who just kept appearing on screen and then disappearing from the movie. The characters seemed to act and talk the same way each time.  I cannot believe that anyone saw this film and thought it was worth the time. I would highly recommend skipping this movie and watching one of the other movies on DVD instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie at a friend's house. I was only 13 years old at the time. It made me feel so disgusted I could not stop thinking about it for days. It was horrible! The actors had no chemistry with each other, the story line seemed incoherent and the script was so confusing it didn't even make sense. Even the editing was horrendous! How can anyone make this movie? This was the worst movie I have ever seen!  The only thing that saved it was the sound. I wish I had the money to rent the DVD for this. I just wish they would have made it into the trash can and thrown it away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so bad, I couldn't believe it was supposed to be as good as it was. It was so awful I almost wanted to throw it out. It's really just a waste of time. I mean, I can understand why they made it - it was to promote the movie - but they obviously didn't get the idea of what a terrible movie it really was. A lot of scenes were really lame, and the ending is probably the worst ever. It doesn't even make sense. In the beginning of the movie, I thought I was in an episode of the Twilight Zone, but that was not the case. This is not the kind of movie I wish I had seen. It has absolutely no point. The only thing I can say is that it should be avoided at all costs. It really is that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not even a movie. It's an excuse to make movies. It would have been much better if they had just made a fun little comedy about a guy who goes into the woods (or wherever the woods are) for no reason at all.  The acting was terrible and the script was a joke. I guess if you made a movie that was funny and had a bunch of funny jokes in it, it would have made the "B" in "BEST" more worthwhile.  I saw this film when I was 13, but it still didn't make the cut for "B". The only thing that got a "B", and I think it was the best.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible. No matter how you twist it, the acting is never believable. I don't know if the actors were drunk or just had a really bad time at the box office, but it sure looks like it. The story is terrible, the dialogue is terrible and the ending is so ridiculously contrived. If you can't get the gist of the movie without a drink then don't even bother. If it sounds good on the surface then don' t waste your time watching it. If your only goal is to see if anyone would be stupid enough to like a bad film then watch this film. If that's your only objective then you're wasting your time. I'm just glad I'm the kind of person who hates bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just so disappointing that a studio would waste money making this show - a comedy, by definition, should have been funny. This show doesn't even have the slightest comedic value. The only reason I was willing to see it was because I was hoping for something more.   I didn't even find out that this show was made by the studio. It just popped up in my cable TV channel and I was unable to get it out of the queue. I would have to see the entire series and wait for the next episode to find out why it was so bad. That's the way to make a good comedy show: make it as cheap and crappy as possible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no plot to this movie, just a bunch of actors playing out a bunch and it's obvious that this was done on purpose. I'd say the acting was good, it was just very predictable. It's not funny at all, and it was so obvious that the camera had to be in the movie to tell it, even if they didn't. I can't imagine anyone would like this movie if they weren't made for a laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm no expert, but I'd guess that the average movie fan will be able to figure out that this is probably not a good movie.  I was hoping for a real movie to watch with my kids, and ended up watching the first 15 minutes of this movie. The movie never goes anywhere. It's not a movie to rent, or buy. It isn't even a good joke to watch.   I can't figure out how they made this movie, because they're making it up as they go along.  If you can figure out what's going on, please tell me. If you're not an expert, you're wasting your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a few parts where the camera got close to the actor and acted accordingly. However, I couldn't understand why this movie was made.  The acting was very amateurish. The story didn't make sense, the plot was just unbelievable. The director of this movie should have spent a lot more money on making the film better. The acting could have been much better.  This movie could have made a great movie, but the actors are not great actors, they are really mediocre. If you want to see a movie with a few decent actors, go to a movie called "The Last of the Mohicans". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, which was made with the goal of trying to create a sense of excitement and drama in the audience, is a very, very bad film. It's really awful. It lacks the pizzazz of most modern B movies (they're not really movies anyway), but more importantly lacks the intelligence. This is the sort of thing that I'd call a lowbrow, low budget, low-budget horror film. The special effects were not impressive at all, and the direction was not the best. The characters are bland and the plots are nothing special. The acting was bad (aside from the lead). The acting in general was not very good. The story is so boring and predictable that it's almost not worth talking about it, because it's really bad.  It's the worst film I've ever seen in my life. It made me feel like I was watching a poorly made B-movie.  And, worst of all, it's a total waste of time. It was not entertaining. The cast was bad, and it was just too much of a waste of money.  The only thing that made this a bit of fun was the ending, which involved a great number of twists and turns that I'm surprised anyone actually liked it.  I would not recommend this film. I would also not recommend the film to anyone who is a person who is very easily offended by anything that can be said about a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie follows a bunch of people in a strange world and all seems to be going well until the movie's end when it suddenly turns into an hour long and boring mess of a movie.  One thing that does catch your eye are the big bad wolves. They come up more than a few times and it seems like every one of them have their own special ways of killing people.  The only saving grace in this movie is the soundtrack. The songs are so horrible, it's hard to even concentrate on the movie. The sound is just plain bad, it just sounds like it's falling apart and someone else's hands are just messing with it. I can't believe anyone would go see this movie. It was really sad and depressing to see such a waste of time. It's as if the movie made the wolf characters into something more than the average animal that we see in movies. I mean, they have a special power, right? I really don't know how they can do it.  It's a pity. It would have been nice if they had had some more personality in their movies.  I really wish that they had just made a more realistic movie. There's nothing to lose with that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a very strange experience seeing this film in its first print, and the whole cast and crew, who are the main stars, including the writer of the film, were totally silent during the screening. The movie was very slow, and I felt bored and angry. The plot was so slow, the pace was so, very slow and slow.  I thought the film could have been much better if the script had been better.  The film was so confusing, it's so, so, SO, so confusing. The director of the movie, the writer, the producer, the script writers, they all seemed to have little idea of how the film should be filmed. I think they all just assumed that the camera should be a moving camera. It was so awkward. The music was very, very, slow, especially when the music was playing.  If you want to see a film that will be boring, that will make you feel so angry, and make you want all your friends to leave the cinema, then this is the film for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was surprised to read that the director was actually a teacher, not a teacher's aide. This film was the least-inspired film I've seen since the infamous "Crazy House" series. I'm a teacher myself, and I can say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen. I saw the director as a teacher; I think he was a teacher. I don't know if the school would have allowed him to work as a substitute teacher. This would have been a disaster. If the school were to take this film back, it would cost more than what I spent on it!  I'm not sure what the director's actual education level was; if I were to guess, he probably spent his time as a student at the local high school. That was some years ago. The movie itself is painfully slow. I have no idea what it was that the filmmakers were trying to make a point. A school class? Why not do something that actually makes a point, like the other scenes in the movie? The acting was terrible, as were the music choices.  I don' feel like I could recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the epitome of a bad Hollywood attempt at a romantic comedy. There's no chemistry between the two leads (played by the two lead actresses), there are a million different plot threads and plot twists that don't make any sense (even for someone who likes a bit of a puzzle at the start of the movie). The script is so poorly written that I was left wondering if the script was even possible to write. The script for this movie should've been better than a thousand times over. This is the kind of movie that makes you wonder why Hollywood would make movies like this, if they were actually that interesting.  If you want a romantic romantic comedy that doesn't try to appeal to everyone, check out the two movies that are better: "Dangerous Liaisons" and "The Uninvited". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like the show, but it's just a lot of empty filler. It just looks like it was made in the late 70's or early 80's. I've been meaning to see it for years and just never got around to it. The acting was terrible, and it had no story to speak of.  My problem is that it's a little too old. It could have been made a few years later, maybe in the 90's.  And the fact that it didn't make a big splash on TV was kind of odd. The movie was so bad it didn?t even make it on to the big screen. I can't understand why the network would make such a poor effort. It's just not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I would like to say that I am a very serious movie watcher, and I can appreciate movies that are not just entertaining, but are also entertaining in a different way. I have seen movies such as "Gravity", "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory", "Caddyshack", "The Blues Brothers", "A Nightmare on Elm Street", "Risky Business", "Scream", "Talladega Nights", "Sleepless in Seattle", "Black Cat", "Death Wish", "Dirty Harry", "Red Dawn", "Mama Mia", "Bloodsport", "Blame It on Rio", "Beverly Hills Cop II", "Leprechaun", "Dr. Who", "Robocop", "Battle Royale", "Die Hard", "Predator", "Gunslinger", "Terminator", and "DieHard". I even read an excellent book, "The Man Who Knew Too Much", which contains a very interesting historical analysis on the film industry of the '80s.  So I am very sensitive to movies that have serious problems, and that is exactly what this movie does. In the book, the author, Michael Phillips, explains that the main problem with this film is that the story line was so predictable, that it made no sense to anyone except the writer and director.  The movie was so boring that you forgot what happened and just kept watching the credits to see the credits, hoping that the movie would end, because it didn't. And there is really no reason to watch the credits other than to see what the movie is called. A movie with this title and title screen could have been made by someone with a little more imagination and daring.  I am really not a fan of movies that contain nothing but predictable story lines, and the movie was no exception. The story line that was shown to us in this movie was predictable, so predictable that it could have happened. I am sure that most movie watchers would have guessed the plot by the time the movie started, and therefore the movie failed. The movie had an interesting plot line, but it was the story lines that made this movie so boring, that they did not make the movie interesting. In fact, they made it a little boring to watch. And the plot is so predictable in a way that it makes the movie pointless.   I just don't understand why this movie failed to create a sense of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe how much money was wasted to make this movie. All the money from the ticket sales was wasted on this film. If the film was made in a normal studio it would have cost a lot more than the price of the ticket. There was no special effects, no acting, no special music, and no special camera work. I can only think that the director had no clue how to make a film, or at least had the audacity to try. The only thing I can think is that he was trying to make some money. This film is so awful that I'm going to try and make a sequel to it when I get a chance. I want to make the director, Johnnie Cochran, into a fortune. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, a sequel to a bad "Swingers", is an utter waste of time and money. It's just as tedious and pointless as "Saving Private Ryan". The characters are not even the slightest bit believable, nor is the plot anything more than an excuse to see a bunch of fat people in skimpy uniforms dancing around in skimpsies. It is, at best, a 3 out of 10.  I saw this film in one of the last big movies at the local cinema, and it was so boring I actually felt sorry for the actors. The only redeeming factor was the great score by the English band, Who Are You?, who is probably the most pretentious band in all of film history. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of effort was put into this, but the story never really gets to the point. This could have been a brilliant comedy, but it was a bad comedy, and the acting was so awful. It was a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had seen this film in its initial screening at the Venice film festival. I was so disgusted by it that I was actually angry and did not want to see it again until it was in the US DVD and on DVD. But, I found myself wanting to see more and more of it, so I rented it. I can only imagine what it would have been like if it had actually been released on DVD?  The film's premise, that the only good movie is a bad one, is ridiculous. It's just too slow and predictable, and it seems to lack even the slightest bit of humor. Even if the characters were not as flat as they could have been, there was still no enjoyment whatsoever. The actors' performances were uninspired and unsympathetic. There is just no point to this movie, and I would suggest that anyone who is interested in a bad film is better off looking elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to see this film at the local cinema when I was in the middle of an episode of 'B' at my local cinema. As a fan of 'Lassie', I was looking forward to seeing this. As the film unfolded I was not very impressed. The only good thing was that the first thing that happened was the 'Babylon' song. But as the film progressed, I found myself bored and I did not like the film at all.  The film is very boring. The characters seem very one-dimensional and the story has little plot. I think it could have been made better by adding a little more comedy to the script. I would have rather seen a comedy about a murder that I didn't like than this.  I really dislike the film and I cannot recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a big waste of time.  The acting is terrible, the story is not original and it doesn't even make sense. There's a really weird sequence where they go to a house in the woods and the girl is talking to a deer and it looks like she's in a trance. There are no jokes or anything in this film. You'll laugh once or twice, but you'll never laugh again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few months ago I watched this movie and it was so bad. The plot was a little weak, but I didn't care because the acting was so ridiculous. The main character, a fat guy who plays a very stupid and very annoying job is played by a very, very fat guy, and the female character played by the most unattractive and unattractive woman in the world (a very, VERY attractive actress who is a model) is played in a very lame way. I was a bit annoyed by the fact that they used the same actress for all the main roles, but the fat guy was played by an unknown actor.  In addition, the movie was made in a studio in the USA, which is very unlikely to happen in Germany. So it's possible that the movie's producer and director did not care to look at the script carefully enough, or did not think it through, or they had some other reason. I think it was the first time I saw a movie that had a bad script, and that is probably why it made such an awful impression. I will give this movie 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not a bad film. It's just so poorly put together. There is not much of a story here. I cannot imagine how the actors could come up with a script like this. It makes no sense. The plot is just so boring. It is so bad. I do not think the writer was very good. There are so many scenes that could have been done with the characters more, and the story could have done without all of the ridiculous dialog.  It's a bad excuse for a horror movie. It should be avoided by anyone that does not have a good sense of humor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Gravity" is a very basic and predictable thriller about a spaceship that's just taken off from earth. The script is full of clichs, and the movie is not funny at all. It's basically a movie for kids, not for adults. I wouldn't say this movie is a waste of time, but it is pretty disappointing. It has some interesting ideas, but the movie doesn't get to see them through.  This is probably the worst movie ever made, in my opinion.  The acting is not good, the directing is not a good one, and I'm not even going to waste a single word. If you like the classics, then you'll probably enjoy this, but if you don't like anything, don't waste your time on this.  I can't recommend this movie because it's just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the most poorly written and directed movies I've seen in a long time. If you can get over the fact that it was a "teen movie" made for kids, you'll enjoy the rest of it. The actors are OK, the director is a no good joke and the story is a complete waste of time. It's about a group of kids that come across a ghost and decide to play it by creating their own ghost. The premise was bad enough to make the first few minutes of the movie seem funny.  There's a good movie out there, but this one is just not worth watching. It just feels like a waste of the cast and the director's time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My daughter was really angry when I saw this film. She is always telling me how I should do things, but she doesn't do it. This movie is very sad to watch and I felt really sorry for the guy who was directing it. I felt like the movie was all about how we need to keep our family in order and keep things under control. I'm really disgusted with the way the guy acted in it. The acting was so horrible. He didn't do anything that was believable, and I would like to say something bad about this movie, but it's not that bad. But I'll just say it was the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not funny, not funny at all, and I do not recommend watching it. It has one funny moment (though I would not recommend a movie where a man is shot in the head), but the rest is just not funny. There are some moments where the movie is interesting and funny, but overall it is a complete failure. It's not even funny when you read the book (although it does make for a very funny DVD extra), and it is not even interesting to watch the book because the movie takes so long to actually get started. The movie was not really that entertaining to begin with. It just seems like the makers were trying to make the movie a little bit more interesting by giving you an hour and a half of scenes that don't actually make any sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a recent review, I made reference to this film as a great example of how to make a bad film: A man (Paul Giamatti) kills a group of teenagers who are having a bad day at school. The film is so bad that the audience will be bored to death and will quickly lose interest in the film.  I thought the movie was good for a few reasons. Firstly, the story was quite well done. The characters seemed to act out their emotions more than is usually seen in films where people are acting out of character. It was quite odd to see a movie in which the main character was actually angry. That is, until the final 10 minutes when it turned into a predictable 'Bitch' movie.  The film did not look very good, especially when the actors were in the background (especially the girl who was killed at the beginning of the film) and the use of the music was awful. There were scenes where I was really disappointed by the lack of action.  In my view, the acting was worse than a poor director can make it. The story did not make any sense, the characters seemed extremely predictable and there was no direction in the plot. It should have been obvious that the film was supposed to be a horror film, but there was not enough of a 'killer' to make the movie interesting. The idea of a man killing teenagers was not scary at all, nor did the fact that this man was killing teenagers make the film any better.  As a fan of the original 'Bitches' movie, I cannot recommend this film. The acting was so awful that it would have made a good B-grade B-movie. I will not see this film ever again.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was an utter waste of time. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the acting was decent. The rest of the movie was extremely poorly written. It was so bad, I had to look up the IMDb link. I've watched and rated several horror movies over the years, but I'm not sure I've ever seen one as bad as this one. I'm sure I would have had to watch it to understand it, but even then I doubt I would understand it.  This is the first horror film I've seen where the director clearly put the audience into the character's mind rather than showing us what we're seeing. It's pretty obvious that this was a script from someone who knows nothing about horror. I found the film to be boring and the ending to be a little unbelievable. I don't understand why the writer would think that we would care about the death of a character. I could understand if the movie had been made by a kid, but it didn't have to be.  The ending is an absolute disaster. Why would they have made the character say the things he says in the movie? It's like they forgot how the story went and the writer couldn't figure it out.  In the end, the movie just doesn't have any suspense, there's nothing to keep you interested and the story doesn't make any sense. The idea of the killer being one man is pretty ridiculous and the whole thing feels rushed.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, you might be surprised that I haven't mentioned it more than three times in my review. But then I have seen so many bad movies that I'm not sure how to categorize it.  It's the worst thing I have ever seen. There are no plot lines or characters that you care about. All of it is so boring, it's not even worth seeing for that reason alone.  The plot is so contrived that you think it's actually going to happen. I thought I had seen enough movies to know what I was supposed to do and I had. I was wrong. This movie has no sense at all. There is absolutely no story, no characters that I care about, and no plot. It just consists of so much filler that it's hard to even care about what's happening.  I found it just so boring that I don't even remember when it was supposed have happened. But I do remember when I saw it and I found myself not liking the movie even more than I already did. It's a waste of time and you'll regret watching it afterwards.  So don't waste your time on this movie. It was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst films I have ever seen.  The story itself is very interesting, but the acting is so poor that the whole thing is a joke. The acting is very poor, and I could not believe they were paying any attention to the plot at all. This movie just isn't worth it. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this, and saw the above mentioned review, and wondered if the reviewers were right, or if this was some sort of crazy plot. I wasn't even aware that there was a plot. This is really only one episode in a series of seven, and they are each only about 30 minutes long, so they aren't that short. This movie just doesn't make sense. It isn't funny, there's no real suspense, there is no story line. It's just a bunch of people who are bad actors in a really bad movie.  The acting is the worst I have ever seen, especially when the only people in it are really bad actors, who are really stupid and terrible at acting. I really feel sorry for the actors. I can't imagine why anyone would want to do this to themselves.  I guess the director was in a hurry to make this show, but I really hope he had a better idea than to waste the time and money making this garbage. The movie is worth only about 1/5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film as a teenager when I was bored at school and didn't care to spend the time to read the novel that it was based on. I thought the actors were pretty good but I don't know what was in this movie that I didn't know before. I think the film makers thought that the movie would appeal to people who had never seen the book and wanted to see a vampire who is a nice guy and just sort of lives his life as a vampire.  Unfortunately, they couldn't take advantage of the movie's very limited budget. It was so cheap that it didn't make sense to have anyone else in it. It also wasn't very good. The acting was poor, the script was poor and the story was bad. I didnt know how to respond to it. This film was boring. There was a good chance that if I had seen this film when I grew up I would have become a vampire myself.  It would have been better if it were not for the fact that I saw it so long ago.  I give it a 3/10. I'm glad I dont have to look forward to another film like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a complete disappointment. I was expecting something better. I really thought this movie could have been better, but it was not. What I saw was a horrible attempt at a parody of the old classic "Homer the Barbarian". The humor is so bad that the entire film could have fit in one episode of "The Simpsons". If you can see the movie, I would suggest you watch it without laughing. But even then, I don't recommend this movie. The acting was terrible, and the story was so unbelievable that it could have easily been the worst movie ever made. I give this movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to put a negative rating on this movie. It just wasn't good. I don't even like the "Boys Club" films at all but this one seemed to have more of a formula than a real story line. The movie had no sense of humor. It was about a boy and a girl in a room where they're both doing their jobs and they're supposed to be happy together.  It didn't make sense. I thought the movie was about two kids and a big bad villain. But it didn't. It wasn't even a story. It's a lot like "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". The movie was way too serious and it seemed to take itself too seriously. The plot didn't even seem to make sense to me at all. I found myself not even caring what happened. I just wanted to get out of the theater because I hated the movie. The only reason why I gave it a rating of 3 is because the director, Robert Altman, has some movies I like and he has never directed a bad horror movie. I think he should've gotten a better rating but I'm still getting the feeling that this was a director who didn't know what he was doing.  I gave the movie an 1/10 because I felt like I'd just seen the worst horror movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had just seen the trailer, and was thinking it might be a decent movie. The trailer was all about the good parts and I got the impression that this would be one of those funny, quirky, and romantic comedies with a heart of gold plot. However, the trailer showed only the "funny" bits. The movie just seems to have a very low budget. The acting is very predictable, there's a lot of acting with no real story line, and the ending is a bit anticlimactic. It also has a pretty annoying title.  The director has had a lot more success in his other works. I think he could have made this movie at least twice as funny as this.  I would suggest not watching this movie unless you're a fan of comedy that's not too predictable. It's definitely not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film I have never seen before and was looking forward to. I had been waiting for it for years. I was not expecting it to be as bad as it turned out. I really didn't think it would be as awful as it was. This was the worst film I've seen in a long time. It had no heart and no charm. I thought that I would love it. But I didn't. I just got bored of it.  I'm so disappointed that I didn' t know it was terrible until after I watched it. It has no direction or plot and it just got a terrible rating.  It is really sad to see people giving this movie such a low rating. I can't believe that someone would give this film such a lowly rating. If they want to see something that's entertaining then watch something like "Manhattan" or "Brick" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the end, a bunch of really boring, pointless scenes that lack the slightest sense of plot, plot twists, or emotional impact. It's not a horror film; it's just a bunch people talking to each other. And that's really what scares me, the lack of suspense or even horror in this movie. It looks like it was made in some sort of middle school. The actors are OK, but they're nowhere near a horror star. The film is so weak that I doubt anyone who watched it will be able to find the DVD anywhere in the store. It should have been called "A Very Scary Movie: A bunch of people are talking to the wall." The special effects are awful; it was so obvious that the effects were not being used for horror. I mean, what the hell was this? A lot of the stuff in the movie looks like a bad dream. This isn't even the first horror movie I've seen that looks like this.  The movie itself was a waste of time, and a total disappointment to anyone who actually wanted to watch a good horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out great, but then the story goes downhill. The story has some great moments, but most of them are ruined by the over the top acting. The movie also has a lot of slow moving scenes, and the only way to keep the story moving was to do it in a very long slow way, which does not work well with the slow paced action scenes. The worst thing was that the characters were so stupid that the movie lost its credibility, it was so stupid it actually had me laughing. The acting is also not the best, there are no great actors. If you want to see a good action movie with good action scenes, then watch Die Hard. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only movie that i have seen where the "pixie" and "dragon" never appeared. I think it was made by someone who is either an American or an English person.  All the characters seem to have some kind of special powers. The one that i like is the "dragon". He never appears on the screen, but I don't know if that is because he's invisible or because he never existed. There are no lines spoken by the characters that have been shown on the other two movies. I cannot believe that they would make this movie and not put the dragon in it. I mean, they could just not have him in it or they could put him in the movie but put him where the audience wouldn't see him. I dont understand how a person could make a movie that is so poorly made that he doesnt put a dragon in the first two movies that he made, and that a dragon would not appear in this movie. If it was that bad, why not make a third movie with the two dragons? It just seems that this movie was made to give the "Dragon" a chance to appear, because they couldn't find a movie with him in and the director probably wanted to make this one.   I mean I just saw that it was supposed to be the sequel to "The Secret Life of Honey Bunny". This movie was so awful, that I dont know what they could have done to improve the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was completely implausible, the characters were wooden and I found myself bored in the beginning.  In a perfect world, a movie should be entertaining without a script that isn't believable, but this movie had nothing else. I thought it was just a waste of time until the credits rolled. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the story of a man who goes to the woods and gets lost. He has been in the woods for 2 years, and he finds a girl who is trapped. She tells him everything he knows about how she came to be trapped, and what she has been through. He is never seen again, and when he comes back, he has no memory of how he got to the forest. This is so poorly written and directed that I found myself unable to suspend disbelief to even the beginning of the movie. I just didn't care about anything the characters were doing, and it's just a bunch of scenes where the characters have to talk about something that doesn't make any sense.  The script is so convoluted that it's like a poorly-written version of a movie: It's just the dialog that gets passed around. I can't believe it's not a TV show, since the show is so well done. It's a movie with no point whatsoever. It does look like it could have been filmed in the 1980s, and the editing is so terrible that you could easily find the footage of a real TV show on Youtube and be able to edit it into a better version.  A bad movie like this makes me want to give up on television. The writers and directors of this show should take lessons from TV shows that aren't like this. Don't make a movie about a woman who got lost in the forest, with all the attendant problems that that implies. Don' make a story that's so bad that you feel like you want to quit watching TV entirely. The only reason I can give this movie 3 out of 10 is because of the ending, which is very poorly executed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the original version of the movie and was impressed by the director's originality. I thought this was one of the few original "dumb comedies" ever made in America.  Unfortunately, the director didn't care for the script and added lots of unnecessary details and made the movie a poor imitation of the original, with lots of lame jokes, and very slow pacing and poor direction.  The actors were terrible, especially the cast member who plays "Bill" in the film. Bill was portrayed as a dimwit who would come across as a buffoon in any number of situations, especially when he was alone in a dark room with the audience, and who would not take a hint if someone tried to talk to him. In a few scenes, Bill is shown with an arm in his hand. It looks as though it was his only arm, and his entire body seemed to be made up of muscles that he could use to support himself. It was a bad, and in many cases, embarrassing, film.  A few of the supporting cast members are better than Bill, but most of them are really not worth mentioning because their characters are such a big waste of time. The plot is weak, and the director did not care for his original script to begin with. The film ended up being one of those films where the plot is supposed to be the whole story, and then suddenly, the film is forgotten.  In the original script, Bill and his girlfriend (played by the lovely Marlee Matlin) get married and move to the country where Bill has moved. Bill's sister (played with good acting and charm by Janine Melman) and her husband (played convincingly by William Atherton) move into the house. Aterton's character is a kind man who seems to like Bill and is kind of a friend, although he's not exactly a friend. However, he seems to be having an affair with the beautiful (as I recall) Marlee, so that the movie begins to lose its interest. The movie is very slow, and at the beginning of the film, the movie appears to have a bit of suspense. However (and here is where the movie really falls down) it is a typical dumb comedy with an ending that is not particularly well done. The actors are generally terrible. The music is very weak, but at times it was OK. The dialog is predictable and not particularly convincing. The overall result is an awful, but very predictable
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed in this movie. I am a huge fan of the series, but even I have a bit of a thing for some of the other movies. This is just...not even worth watching. The movie is so terrible that I cannot understand how it managed to get a green light. The script is so horrible that I can't even imagine it getting a greenlight. It just makes me so mad. The acting is so awful that it is impossible to suspend disbelief.  I would not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never understood why so many people claim to enjoy this movie because it's so short. It's only about 25 minutes long and only lasts 2 minutes. The plot is predictable and the script is completely unoriginal. The characters are boring, and the whole thing looks like it was shot in a basement. There are some interesting visuals but nothing that you can say is really worth watching. The only thing I can say for it is that it is pretty entertaining for people who love this sort of stuff, but I'm not sure what they get out of it.  I can't recommend this movie. It just doesn't make sense. The acting is weak, the plot is nonsensical, and it looks like they made the whole movie with a $20 camera. If you're a true fan of this sort, you will enjoy the plot and the characters, but if you're not, then don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was like watching a bunch of drunk people dancing to a bunch songs about a bunch girls, and I didn't care if I was a part of that crowd because I'm a grown man and I know better. This movie is awful and I would rather be watching the TV shows that this was on.  A lot of the acting was a total waste of time and I think it made it feel like they were trying to make this movie into a comedy. I think the plot was so weak and unnecessary that I felt like the script was made to make the movie better. I wish this movie had been made with a bigger budget and more talented people. It would have been better if it were about a guy who was drunk and making fun of a girl who he had to make out with.  I don't know why anyone would watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of actors play dumb-dumb-dummy characters and do everything they can to make the film entertaining for the first hour and then when the movie gets to the point where they finally get to do their stupidest thing, the movie ends. They just keep repeating their stupid lines and not really acting like people. Some of the characters in the film are so dumb that they would have made for hilarious movies if they weren't in this kind of movies.  This film is nothing but a bunch of dopes. The director, Mike Nichols, should not have made this film. It's a waste of money and it is a waste to have such a waste as a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The actors are bad, the story is bad, and it just goes downhill from there. I had to leave the theater in tears at the end.  The plot was completely devoid of all suspense. The ending is totally meaningless and pointless. The characters all act the same way as the rest of the cast in the original film. I don't understand how anyone could think this was a "bad" film. This is an insult to all film-making skill.  I hope they at least get this one out of DVD release and give it to a DVD-R copy so that people who like this film can see what they really made. It really was not worth it. I think they made a mistake. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is basically the opposite of the "The Last Samurai" movie in the sense that it was actually shot in Japan, but it's much worse in every way. The story is predictable and lacks a bit of suspense. And it is also quite a chore to watch because it's so much like an action movie. The acting is also pretty bad, except for the main star of the movie (Nancy Allen). The movie is full of pointless and unnecessary plot twists and one very predictable scene. It's actually quite pathetic to watch this movie in which a group of American soldiers are trying to capture the "Last Samurai" to stop him from attacking Japan.  Overall this movie is quite boring, but not as bad as "The Dead Zone" which was also a remake of the Japanese version of "The Crow". And that movie was so disappointing because it didn't have the original "The Samurai" director's "vision" of the original movie. And that's the only reason why I gave this movie 2/10 instead of 10/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is so bad and the story is so unbelievable. This movie is about a young man who gets trapped in a small town and meets a girl he loves, only to be killed by an old man and his family and killed by the same old man's son.  The movie is very short and has very little suspense or even action to begin with. The ending, in which the girl is killed by her old man is absolutely ridiculous and completely unnecessary.  This movie has absolutely no idea how to make a horror movie. All the characters are either too stupid or too stupid. The only thing that makes this movie work is the stupid ending.   I give this movie a 1/10. It's a very stupid movie that you shouldn't waste your time on, unless you are a fan of the kind of movies that make you cry at the end. If you are interested in watching this movie, I suggest you not waste your money on this, because it is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that I can say about this movie is that it's pretty funny. But in all honesty, this is a movie that needs to be watched more than once to understand what is going on. The story line doesn't make sense, and the plot is just awful. A typical American film would have been fine, but this is an uninspired, low budget, lowbrow piece of crap that has very little to recommend it.  I mean, come on, you have to have a pretty decent idea to make a movie like this. How about a plot? A main character who is a real person? A reason for a good ending? A twist ending? The only time I was satisfied was when the villain finally showed up.  The rest of the cast is so mediocre that you'll be hard pressed to find anyone who is better than them. It's really a shame. I guess I'll just stick to my other trash films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sure this is just the kind of movie I was expecting to see on DVD. But it's not. It's an awful, terrible, terrible movie. I was completely sick to my stomach. My girlfriend was even sick to her stomach. The acting was so bad. The story was so poorly paced. The editing was so horribly slow. The music was so awful. I couldn't even watch the movie for an hour. I felt like I was watching something that was just trying to be entertaining. The only thing worse than the movie itself was the DVD cover. The movie itself is a disgrace. It looks like it was made in the early 1990s. The lighting, sound, and colors just weren't right. The whole thing was so much worse than any bad horror movie I've ever seen.  If you're looking for a cheap thrill, this is probably not the movie to watch. It does have a very interesting ending though.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first 10 minutes I was impressed by the fact that I'd seen it before, but after 10 minutes and a few hours I started to feel it had turned into a complete waste of time. The first 40 minutes were very good, but the rest of the film is very much like a bad version of "The Hunger Games". I would recommend this to anyone who wants to see a film with some decent acting, but who wants the worst of the worst. The cast is pretty weak and the plot is extremely predictable. I'd like to suggest the producers at "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" try something new, or, better yet, give this movie a 6 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a bit slow, and it never makes sense why the characters talk to each other. It's a bad joke and an unnecessary movie, just like its previous "comedy" incarnation. The humor seems like it could have come from the writer/director's desire to make a joke about the whole situation.  In any case, this is not an excuse for not giving this movie a try. It has some nice parts, but not enough to make it worth the time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not worth the hype. It's just a few scenes from the movie that the filmmakers tried to insert in the movie, such as the "good guy is a good guy" line in the beginning and a bunch of scenes from "The Good, The Bad and the Ugly", that were so obviously cut out of the original version of the movie. This movie has an annoying voice actor (Wendell Pierce), and it was obvious that the director didn't understand the original source material, the script, or even the actors. The ending, with the whole house blowing up, made no sense and it's even a bit odd to watch the film without a soundtrack. The original ending had to be removed from the DVD version, and the DVD does not include the ending at all. I would recommend that you ignore this movie, and don't waste your time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. I mean, really, really awful. The actors, especially the main lead, weren't that good either. It's just a total waste of your time. The movie was so poorly made and had so much to spare that it was a real disappointment. There was so little to it and so much of it that it seemed like a wasted effort. It seemed like someone spent their time writing the script but nothing more. It was really sad to see the cast and crew give this flick zero points for a good script. The acting was terrible. They should all just disappear. I give the movie 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film isn't even remotely funny. The whole thing has nothing to do with the original comic book and is a complete waste of time. It's just so, so boring. The only redeeming feature is that the director, Robert C. Williams, is good. The rest of the cast is just awful. The acting is so, SO bad, that I am surprised anyone could pull off this film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had no plot, no originality, and only one real plot twist - a guy with a machine gun in his brain. There are so many plot twists I'm sure the movie would have been better if it were a thriller, but the story doesn't hold up. The guy with the machine gun is so weak it's not even funny, and the movie gets predictable very quickly. This movie should have been called "The Movie that Killed Michael Jackson." There's no point in watching this movie if you're not a Jackson fan. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Femme Fatale" is a bad, poorly made, badly written, badly directed, poorly acted, badly acted, poorly written, poorly directed, badly filmed, and worst of all, badly shot film.  The only good things about it are the title and the title sequence. But those are not enough to save this film. It is simply awful. I can only give this film an 8 out of 10.  I know that I would have preferred "Mama Tried" but that's just because that was the name of the film. "FEMME FATALE" is far more embarrassing and disappointing than that.  It was only 2 minutes. I know it would have been much better if the actors had been better. If the acting had been worse I would give it a 10 out of 100. I gave "Fems" a 9 out of 20.  This film should not have been made. It's not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few months ago I saw this film and I had to watch it again. It was not even remotely funny, the acting was so awful and the plot seemed so unbelievable. The only thing I liked was the song, but the rest was just plain awful.  I just cannot understand why the producers of this film did not try to salvage this film by having some of the actors read a better novel. I mean, it could have been a very interesting film but for the lack of effort to make the film interesting the producers should have thought twice before spending the money. The film should have been made as a comedy but this is a film for the low budget of a B-movie. It does not deserve the credit it got. I just can't understand how the writers thought they could have made the film so terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only give this rating because I was there when it happened. I just don't understand how anyone could watch this movie and not want to rip it apart and put it on DVD. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I think I got more out of watching the DVD version of "Gothic" than this movie did.  As someone who doesn't really understand movies, I was expecting to be entertained, but was very disappointed in how it ended up being. If you want to see a movie that's just "one long movie" or a "horrible movie", don't bother. I would recommend something that's at least 90% entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies where the story is supposed to be about the characters. But the story doesn't seem to be worth telling. And the characters are boring. The story line was predictable, and the script was so poorly written that it had to be turned into a TV show. And what's the point of all that? Well, the movie is about a girl named "Eli", who is in love with a boy named "Nick", who's in love to her. The two are married and living together. One day, Nick and Eli break up and she goes to live with her mom and her dad. The movie never really got to the point where Eli would be in love and she would get married to Nick. The whole movie seemed to be just trying to get the audience to feel for Eli, without having any actual story.  This movie was so boring, that it made the worst movie ever, ever. It is so hard to believe that someone made this movie. It's so bad that I almost gave up on this movie for the sake of my own sanity.  But if you are a movie-goer, I warn you to stay away from this movie! It's a waste of time and you will probably hate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with my wife at my place of work and she didn't enjoy it. It was just a bunch of jokes, the acting was bad and the story was not that interesting. It didn't even make sense. It looked like a sketch from the MTV. It wasn't funny at all. It made me feel like a moron for even watching it.  It would have been OK if it wasn't so poorly acted and had a decent script.  But I'm not gonna watch this because I just can't stand the stupidity.   If you're not too picky, you can watch it and enjoy it, but you won't be able to enjoy it to the point of enjoyment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and I'm only a movie critic. In all honesty, I'd like to give it a 1/10.  If this were a movie by any other director, I would give it an 8/10 or higher. I can't believe they even had the audacity to make it this low. I've watched movies like "Hercules", "The Rocky Horror Picture Show", "Dracula", "Ridley Scott's Planet of the Apes", "Killer BOB", "Escape From Witch Mountain", "Mondo Cane", "Slither", "Wendy & Sandy", "Scared of the Dark", "A Nightmare on Elm Street", "Nightmare on Elm St." and even "I Am Sam" - I mean, how do they even dare? This movie is just a bunch of low budgeted, poorly-shot footage, with a very weak script that is very predictable and extremely boring.  I found it extremely annoying to see the cast and crew making fun of the movie's title.  The only reason I gave it a 10/10 is because it did have a couple of moments of hilarity.  And in case you're wondering, the movie was only released in Japan, and you can rent it for 1,000 yen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I do not know why people were so surprised by this film. This movie is an abomination and the only thing worse is that they even bothered to call it a "drama". There are no emotions in this movie. You get it from the first few minutes and then the movie just becomes a chore to watch. If you don't want to watch a bad film like this, then don't buy it. But if you do, buy it for the money. If it were made into a movie, I would never have gotten through the first 20 minutes of this film without stopping it. This film is the worst kind of movie I've ever seen. The movie starts off very well. You start off in an office where there is a "comic" on the wall, but it only makes the movie worse when the comic is interrupted by some guy who tells the girl that he can see ghosts. And the comic gets really annoying.  The comic is supposed to be funny, but you just know that it's just going to go down the drain and get worse and worse. There's no punchline, nothing. It's just one long series of really lame, unimpressive, uninteresting, unengaging dialogues. It just goes on and on and just stops. It is very sad.  What I did like about the movie was that there was some humor in the script. It was just the script that was written. If the movie were a comic book, it would have been way better.  There is no suspense, no mystery. Just a bunch of guys talking in the middle of the day.  I would like to warn people to stay away from this movie, as it is just a waste of your time. It isn't even remotely funny, or a good comedy. You will either laugh or you won't. It'll just make you feel frustrated, bored, or annoyed, and there's no way to stop feeling that way. I give this movie a 3 out of 10. I'm giving it a 1 out of 20 for the sake of being nice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting an interesting documentary film with a lot of fun interviews and funny bits. I expected to be entertained. I got nothing but a bunch of people talking at length about a very uninteresting movie.  This movie is so dull, it makes even the funniest scenes in this film seem boring and uninteresting. In fact, this movie is probably the worst film I have ever seen. It has some good moments, but even then it's hard to care because it's so boring. And I can't believe that anyone would watch this film. There are so many people who would be interested in the film if it were interesting, but it's not, so why should anyone be interested? If you're going to see this movie, don't waste your time on it. I'll never see another comedy film with so much wasted time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen and reviewed some really bad movies, but none of them made me so sick to the stomach I thought I might throw up. Not even the horrible "The Craziest Movie Ever" (the last one I saw) made me vomit up more than once. But this one... I don't think I've ever seen such a waste of money, so I'm guessing it's safe to say that this is the worst movie I've encountered so far.  It's not just the horrible actors, but it's the terrible script, and the stupid ending. I'm not joking when I say it's stupid. It's just so stupid. I can't believe this could be the last movie I saw, since I've watched and reviewed hundreds of films. I hope you can see through my nonsense, because I really don't have much else to say.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so poorly made. Even with all the actors being great (I think, this is a major flaw), it doesn't hold up to any kind of standards for acting. It just comes across as amateurish and not as a movie. There are so many inconsistencies, and I really feel that the director didn't care enough to make the movie seem as "real". I would like to think that if this movie had been made by an A-list director, the acting would have been a lot better.  Also, I feel that a director could have made the movie much better by having the movie take place in a fantasy setting, instead of a real world, but I guess the director would have had to do a lot of things differently. I am just saying that if you're going to try to make a movie out of a movie: don't. If you want to make it look like a film, do it yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing about this movie is the "bad guy", Mr. Bungle, and his plans to take over the world.  But there's no way that this movie could have been worth even half the money it cost. It's just a complete waste of money. The characters are stupid and the plot is pointless and unbelievable. All in all, it's a complete disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so incredibly stupid I couldn't believe it when it came on.  It is so unoriginal and unfunny, I mean really, that I couldn''t believe the plot. I mean the plot is so unbelievably stupid, I actually laughed when I first saw the script.  The story was so unbelievably unfunny that it made me want to puke. The acting was so so-so, and the directing was so bad that I thought I was watching a low budget movie made by a low-budget movie director who made this film as a way to get the low wages he was getting for his "work".  I'm really glad I was too lazy to watch it. I just felt really stupid.  My friends thought it was hilarious, I thought it had the worst acting, and I didn't think the plot was that good.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that this film is made for kids, as it looks like they have been in the movie store a couple of times to see what's what. This is the first time in my life I have seen a film made for children, and that is a bad sign.  There is a lot of bad acting in the film, especially in the final scene. The acting in this film isn't good. The dialog is not funny. The story is very boring, there are a lot more scenes of people talking than of characters doing anything. The music is annoying. I guess that there isn't enough time for the music to be played on the piano.  In short, I think this film could have been made a little better, but it's still a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe I'm going to be honest and admit this, I really don't know how I can explain the fact that I found this movie so boring. I mean, it was so boring that I can hardly tell you a single funny line from this movie. The plot is a joke. There's a lot of characters who are annoying and don't care. I don't understand why anyone would ever watch this movie over something like this. There is not even one joke in this movie that is funny. I can easily say that I think this movie is the worst movie I've ever seen.  It's also the worst horror movie I have ever seen, IMO. It's just a complete disaster.  The plot of this movie could have been better. The characters are so stupid and unlikable that you can only imagine how much more boring this movie would have been if the writers had had a little more fun with the characters. I give it a rating of 1 out of 10. I would advise anyone to skip this movie if you have a chance to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this movie as an example of why movies should never be made.  This movie was made for a low budget, low-budget, low concept.  The acting was terrible, the story was incoherent, the characters were so shallow, so pointless, and so stupid. This is a movie that could have been made for 10 bucks a week, if it wasn't so unbelievable.  I would like to be able to say that I found this movie interesting, but I didn't. It was boring, pointless, uninteresting, and incredibly predictable. This was a waste of a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful and I really don't know why anyone bothered to make it. There's absolutely no story line and it's just one big "plot" after another. I found the story to be quite boring, especially after the first half hour. The only redeeming quality is the animation, but it's really just not worth it. The actors are all OK but no better than most other "low budget" films. I wish someone would have shown me this film at the theater and just pointed out all the mistakes that I've made in my reviews. This movie really should be avoided. I can't say that it's any worse than the rest of the "mockumentary" films that I saw at the movie theaters, but I would say that this film has a very low budget compared to the others. I just don't understand how anyone would bother to make this movie, let alone why anyone would even bother to animate it. I was really expecting to see this film on HBO, but apparently it wasn't even that much fun for anyone at the studio that made it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a little surprised to see how many people have already rated this movie as a terrible film. This is not a film you would want to watch in a long line of films. The story is a bit too clich to be enjoyable. The acting is below average. This film has no plot, no point and no direction. In fact it makes no sense at all. The plot doesn't even make sense. The only thing you will learn about this movie is that you never really know what's going on unless you watch the trailer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Monsieur Humbert" was an interesting idea, but the script was so poorly done and the acting was so inept, it makes the whole movie a chore. This is not a bad idea for kids, but it was a waste of time. This movie is the worst piece of garbage I've ever seen, and that's saying something. The plot is so confusing and poorly written, it takes you out of the movie and you end up wondering what happened next. The ending is so unsatisfying that I'm not sure how to rate it. It's just a bad mess. There's no way to feel for the characters. They are all completely unlikable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think I've ever seen an attempt at a vampire comedy film with less to do with a story than "Why can't I be dead?" This is a very poor attempt at it.  I suppose that makes it more of a joke than a joke.  The idea that the film will have a very short running time was completely wrong. It had the longest running time of any movie I've seen since I first saw the "Walking Dead". It was so painfully obvious that this is the sort of film I'd be watching if I thought I was watching a horror movie. It is a sad little tale of a guy who finds himself stuck in a coffin, and his girlfriend is locked in the room with him.  It's just not worth watching, because it's so pointless and awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director of the film, David Leitner, is a very talented writer, but this is not the film he is known for. I mean, you might see him on a stage here or there, but it is not his film. This is an awful film that should not have been made. If you are going to be a horror film maker, go back to your director days. This film is a disappointment. The story was boring and it did not hold a candle to other films I have seen. It was not scary, it was not violent, it had no scares and I would not watch this film to anyone who has not seen it. I wish I could give it 1/10, but I cannot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film extremely distasteful. There is very little content or plot to be found here. In fact, there is very, very little story, if you could find a way to discern any. There was no story at all in the first act. This was simply a case of the directors trying to do too much and simply not having enough story to do it in. I can only assume the producers did not like the idea of a male-female couple in a relationship and decided to just have a couple-boy-girl relationship instead. I just found this to be a total waste of money and I cannot recommend it at all. The story was pretty weak and it really didn't have much of anything going for it except for the occasional sex scene. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie ever made.  If you want to see a film made for kids, look somewhere else. This is a film that is designed to entertain adults and children at the same time. It is not a film for adults. It does not make you care about any of the characters or events in it. It's really sad.  The acting is terrible. If you like acting, look elsewhere. This film does not do anything but insult you in the most vile way.  I thought this was going to be a really good film when I first watched it, but I'm disappointed. It isn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can honestly say that the last 2 minutes of this movie were the worst I have ever seen. I was absolutely floored by the beginning of this film. I mean I knew that it was supposed to be an 80s romantic comedy but was completely taken aback by the first 15 minutes.  The actors did a decent job, but the rest of the movie was just not very good. I just couldn't believe that the film was made, and I still don't believe it. It was so bad, I'm actually ashamed to admit that I watched it.  I guess it is an indication of how badly the filmmakers felt when making this film and I wish that they had just made it into a normal comedy. It is a shame that they did not because this movie really is the definition of a bad comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was so incredibly bad that I didn't want to see it, and I'm not alone.  It's not a movie, it's a collection of clips that are just clips that happen to be scenes from a movie that never gets better. I'm sorry to say, I saw the first 15 minutes of the movie, and they were the worst 15 minutes in the entire movie.  Some clips are very well made (I thought the 'Candyman' was pretty good), some are not. I just don't know what was the point of this movie. It's like seeing a video clip of a car wreck, only instead of a wreck, the car is falling over and the footage looks like it's shot in slow motion, but the car still gets wrecked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is completely predictable, there is no story, characters are completely one dimensional. There are three actors in this film, none of them are believable, and none of the three are good enough to make a decent film. The story is pretty bad, the dialogue is just not believable. I would like to point out that the movie was released in China. If the Chinese were making a film about a young girl trying to survive the brutal conditions in a Chinese orphanage I would have expected the film to be more interesting than it was.  The actors were also terrible in their roles. I mean, they were so bad that they couldn't even make a scene in this movie without screaming, "F**k the film!" I don't think I've ever seen an actor scream so much in a film.  There are some interesting characters, and the story does make some sense, but it was just so boring, I didn't care for the story. The ending didn't make any sense either, it was so incredibly cheesy and unsatisfying, I don' t even want to know what was going to happen next.  I really feel like this film was made for a China-only market. It was made because the director is a fan of the "Beasts of the Apocalypse" TV series, the same show which is so terrible that they actually did the theme song for it, even though the song was made by the Chinese version of "Beast of the Abyss", not the English.  This was a waste of time for me. I gave it 1/10 and I'm afraid to give it 1 1/2 because I don'.t know if I could have rated it lower.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is a collection of all the worst clichs of the genre, but none of them is particularly well-written. In fact, they are all clichs that are really not that bad.  The movie has a lot of issues that are either silly or not particularly well thought out, but the film is pretty much devoid of anything even vaguely resembling a plot. The entire thing is a series of jump-cuts that really only serve to create a sense of confusion. The characters all act like they're trying to get something from each other or are in some kind of desperate need of a dramatic moment. And yet, the whole movie just seems like it's trying to be a comedy.  I can't say that the movie is a total disappointment, as it does have a few interesting parts and a few clever gags.  But there's really not much to say about it, because the movie itself is so painfully dull that it's impossible to enjoy it even in short bursts of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can understand the appeal of a fun and low-budget film like this, but when the film turns out to be a total piece of crap it's hard to sit through.  This is an example of the typical "no budget, no hope" mentality that has become so common in recent horror films. There's no story or direction and a few scenes that could have been edited out of the finished product.  It also has the oddest of qualities. It's a short horror film. It has a few special effects and no sound effects (only the music in the soundtrack). There's a few moments where you're pretty sure that the actor was just acting, and that they were using some sort of special effect that wasn't quite right.  The film is filled with so much unnecessary gaff and so much nonsensical dialogue that it feels more like a comedy than anything else.  Overall, it's a really disappointing waste of time and energy.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, but I wouldn' recommend not to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise was good, but it was ruined by the acting. All the actors acted the same way in every scene. This is the worst movie I have ever seen. Every actor was horrible in every part of the movie. There was no chemistry between them. The whole movie was a complete disaster. There are so many jokes that you can't laugh at them, and there are no funny scenes. All of the jokes were directed at a certain race, and they all were made in the same voice (Carmine Ferris).  There are many things that were wrong with this movie. One must wonder if this was the movie that was made to promote the movie franchise "The Fast and the Furious". The plot, acting, and dialog were all terrible. All in all, a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just about as generic as they come. The story is basically a story of a young couple who have some problems with their relationship. There is absolutely no character development, no plot, and no real story. The whole movie feels like a waste of time, but what was I even watching? And where is the love? The movie looks like a high schooler's attempt at a "drama".  The ending has some very nice touches but is just a bit too much. I guess it's the actors' fault for acting so well, but I can't blame them. The movie is a total waste of money, and is just plain stupid. The only thing I can really recommend is that it's very entertaining to watch it with the sound turned off, because it just looks so sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has some of the worst special effects I have ever seen in my life. The CGI looks so amateurish it is almost laughable. I'm sure the director had the idea to do it, but it is just a complete disaster of a movie. The cinematography is terrible and it has one of the most awkward scenes I have seen in a film. It is so far from believable. The actors are all so far apart that it's difficult to tell who is talking to who. I know it looks pretty bad in the trailer, but this is really not what a movie looks like. I would rather see a movie where the actors are far apart, the camera pans constantly, and the special effects are so bad that they look like a bad 3D game. This is a movie that needs to be called off before anyone else sees it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film, as I understand it, is about a woman who meets an attractive woman at a party. But when she takes off her top, revealing her breast, the woman is attacked and raped by the woman's ex-boyfriend. This is about the woman being raped, so she's pretty much just a sexual victim here. She goes home, gets drunk, and sleeps with her boyfriend at his house. They sleep together and have sex. She gets drunk and gets up to leave. The boyfriend takes off his top, and the woman goes back to the party. The woman's boyfriend is in the process of getting a new job. The two of them have sex, and he's about to ejaculate when the woman starts having trouble getting him off. The women's boyfriend tells the woman to go to the bathroom. He's still in the middle of having sex with the woman. He comes back out of the bathroom and tells her that she had an orgasm. He then proceeds to rape her, which he says is a "no." The woman is left naked in the bathroom, and she tells the boyfriend what happened. The police arrive, and they decide to take the woman into the interrogation room and ask her questions. When they ask her if she was raped, she says "no," and then tells the cops that she's just been raped. The cops decide that they will keep her here, and if she is a victim of rape, they will file a rape charge. They keep her in a cell until they decide she can be held without bond. But the police find out that the boyfriend is married, and that's the only reason they release her.  The police decide to let her go. The film ends at the police station, and then it fades out and there's nothing more. I didn't see the credits until I got home and discovered they were actually on. I guess that was the point. The credits go on for over half a minute. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an odd movie. It has an awful plot, an uninteresting cast and a slow-moving story. If you're looking for a good horror film this isn't it. This is a movie for the purists, and that's the only reason to see it. The rest of the people out there who really want to see something to frighten themselves will just have to stay out of the theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director was apparently bored with the material and decided to make a movie about the characters he liked. I'm not sure how many times he has said, "I'm bored with this movie and it doesn't have anything to say about the real world. How about I make a horror movie about all the horror movies I watch?" and "I just like the gore". And then he made a movie called "Toxic", which was actually about the movie, which was the only thing he made about a horror film.  It's a shame because it was a pretty good movie. The director just didn't care to make it anything but a horror flick.  I wish he could have made the movie better. But what was the point of making it so long ago? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a bad film, but it's so far from being "good", and so much of it just leaves the viewer with the sense of "what the hell is happening?" as the film proceeds and the film just goes downhill from there. For example, the plot of the movie is so unbelievable that it borders on incoherent. A few minutes into the film, the film begins to drag. It's impossible to understand how this film could possibly have gotten made. This film makes no sense, and the characters are just flat, uninteresting.  If you can get past that, though, you'll find a movie with a very low-budget production values and a bunch of really stupid actors (as in the majority of the cast). This film's cast is quite good, though. If you're interested in seeing this film, you're better off watching the "B" movie, as that film was made to appeal to a broader audience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful film. The story is just an excuse to get into the most over the top acting I have ever seen. And the directing is a total train wreck. The plot revolves around the evil plan to steal a large amount of gold from the world by an evil corporation that has a sinister plot to use it for nefarious purposes. I cannot even think of anything to say other than that I have no idea how they were able to come up with that plot. The characters are all so one dimensional that they barely make any sense and there is hardly any action. And you can never tell who is who. There are a couple of exceptions but the majority of the cast is so flat, it is not worth watching the whole movie just to see what happens. I gave the movie a 2/10 rating because I thought it was pretty good. But it was so bad that I would not watch it again unless it was being shown in a special presentation. The only reason I gave it a 3/10 was because I felt that it was a comedy and the plot is pretty funny. I know, that sounds ridiculous but it is true. The whole movie is just a joke. There is not one joke worth mentioning. It is a waste of time and it will not entertain anyone. If you want to see a comedy, go watch a comedy. If not, just avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in a theater and my first thought was that it was made for a special screening. It was the worst I have ever seen in my life. There was no plot, no humor, and the dialog was so stupid I thought it was written for a low-rent TV show. If it were made for low-cost TV show, the plot wouldn't have been so stupid. The movie doesn't even have a title. I guess they don't want to put their names on the box. It is like an 8 hour long horror movie that you never want to see again. The only redeeming aspect was the actor who played the "monster" character. If you want to watch some fun horror, go for it. If not, don't buy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that is so completely devoid of anything creative, and devoid of any redeeming quality that you will be left wondering why anyone was willing to spend $10 to watch it. It is just a boring, unimaginative waste of your time. The acting is weak and the story line is not convincing. You will be very confused by the fact that this movie contains no meaningful character development whatsoever. And even if you can somehow come up with a coherent explanation for the characters and the plot, you'll probably have a very hard time keeping that story line going. The script is so poorly written that you are unlikely to ever understand what happened and why the characters do what they do. And the direction is so horribly awkward that the movie just makes no sense. The film is so far removed from any real substance or any sense of realism that it would make any other movie worth the time and effort to see.  If you're looking for a film that will challenge your beliefs and inspire you to take a stand against Hollywood, this is not it. This movie is an insult to the intelligence of the American audience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was in the theater, and watching the film, when the movie cut out and then came back on again. I got up and went to the nearest exit, and watched the movie again.  This movie was an absolute waste of time. The acting was terrible. I am not joking when I say that this movie has the lowest rating out of all movies I have ever seen. The plot was so weak, the plot points were so weak that the plot was completely predictable. I had to turn it off after the first 20 minutes, because I couldn't bear to see this film again. In fact, it was so bad that I actually felt bad for wasting time watching it.   I have seen worse movies, but this was one of the worst I have watched. I really wish the director had gone to the trouble of actually making the movie, and just put together the story on the computer. The movie is not even the best "B-Movie" I have had, by a mile. I have a feeling the director's only intention was to be a complete failure in this endeavor, and this was a prime example.  If you can, skip this movie and watch the "original" B-movie instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching this film, I was wondering if there were more out there. I had no interest in seeing anything like this ever again, and I'm sure I will never see another film like this. The only reason I was even able to see this film was because of a good friend who bought it for me. If you want to watch a film that is completely ridiculous and poorly made, you will have to watch the film, and if you like to laugh, you are going to have to laugh at the film as well. I found it funny when I was looking for the director's name, and the name was on the DVD, and it came up in the DVD description, but that was all I could find. I guess that's how it works. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about the adventures of a couple of teenagers who have a secret that they want to keep secret. They are both into strange sex games, but they do not seem to have much in common with each other. The movie has a very low budget, but it still tries to be a fun ride, despite the fact that it's not very interesting to watch. The acting is very poor, the story is predictable and the story lines are predictable. The only reason that the movie was able to make it to theaters was because the director was able convince the studio that he had a hit on his hands.   The plot is pretty weak and the ending is completely ridiculous. The reason why this movie is so bad is that the story line doesn't make sense. If the story was actually made to make sense, it would be a much better movie.  If you want to see a movie about teenagers who act like teenagers, but don't, this movie probably isn't for you. The rest of the movie is probably worth seeing, but not this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an utter embarrassment to the genre. I could not even get through the whole movie. The only saving grace is the ending. The whole film is a nightmare of awful writing, direction and directionless acting. The acting was so bad I had to stop watching the movie and look at the credits. I've seen worse and I have to say that this movie is probably the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think I'm the only one who has had this movie: I can't even remember when I first saw it. I think I have it on DVD, and it should be in my DVD collection. It's a pretty bad film. There are a few things about it that are nice. The cinematography is pretty good. The music is pretty weak. I can forgive a few of the acting and plot holes, but I can only forgive them so much. There's nothing really good about it. The script is pretty bad, and the script is terrible. The acting is terrible, and there's not much of the story. You can get a lot of laughs, but you won't like this movie.  This movie is about a group of people who meet on the night of a funeral. They are in the middle of a big, dark forest, and a bunch of monsters are about to show up. You don't know what to expect from this movie, except that it's basically one big set piece. This movie should have been called "Monster Forest". It has all the elements of a cheesy horror movie, but nothing really goes right. The characters are predictable. You're not going to care about them. They're not scary at all. The plot is weak, and even when it is not, it's not very convincing. The actors are awful. The voice acting is poor. The sound effects are OK.  The characters don't really get to interact with each other in any meaningful way, which is disappointing because the characters in this movie are supposed to be one-dimensional. The monster looks like a giant man-eating plant, and when it attacks you, it sounds like a bunch old women screaming. The effects are good, but the special effects in the movie are so poorly done that I'm not sure if they're even working.  It's not even funny, and I'm a pretty big horror fan. I'm sorry that I gave this movie 4 out of 10. I'll leave it at that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this on Amazon, and it was just a couple of hours ago. I think it has been on the list for some time. It's just not worth watching unless you are into the extreme gore/body horror/sexual humiliation of people. This is just about a guy and a girl being held captive by a group of psychopaths. The girl has a nasty habit of kicking her boyfriend's ass whenever he gets too close to her. The boyfriend is in love with the girl and she is in pain for him. But that doesn't stop her from trying to get back at him for raping her in the past. Her boyfriend eventually goes nuts and starts ripping her clothes off, trying to rape her. Then he pulls a knife and tries to kill her. It goes back and forth, and the girl eventually loses consciousness. Then the boyfriend tries to rape the girl. She resists, but he finally manages to get her to pass out on his back, and he pulls the knife on her. He proceeds to beat her in a very brutal fashion, and then he proceeds to rape a random woman. I thought that was a very lame idea. Why waste the movie's time showing this kind of thing? The girl wakes up with her clothes completely ripped off. Her underwear is all ripped off, and she's in total shock. Then she's taken to a room and tied up, and they proceed to rape each other.  In the end, the girl dies and she was raped twice, once by her boyfriend, and once by the guy that's holding her captive. The whole thing was very awkward, and there's no way to know if it's just a cheap horror movie. The guy who's in the room with the two women rapes the girl with a screwdriver. He then rapes her in front of the other woman. And the other girl, just like the one that was raped by the boyfriend, begins to get beaten. Then, just as she's about to be beaten, the boyfriend is dragged in and rapes her, too. Then both of them get killed by a bunch of psychopath that are just getting ready to kill the woman that was just raped.  Just like in the previous review, the director's job is very questionable. The actors, while appearing pretty good, are totally out of their element. The camera seems to have a poor grip on the camera, and when the movie goes from a low angle to a close up, the film looks like a poorly lit slideshow
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so awful. It's so incredibly unoriginal and pointless. This movie would be funny if it weren't so completely boring.  The story and characters are so unbelievable and nonsensical. It would be so much funnier if the plot was so obvious, but it isn't. The movie is just so bad that you can't take it seriously. It makes absolutely no sense and you can just laugh at the ridiculous plot.  I thought the movie was better when it was just two guys in a room. But this movie is really bad and boring. You have to be able to enjoy a movie, and this movie isn't good enough to do that. This film doesn't even make you feel sad or bored; it just makes you laugh, which is even worse.  This isn't a movie worth your time; it's a waste of time. It just makes me feel like I'm wasting my time. This is so bad, I can't believe that I actually watched it. This should be a lesson to everyone - watch something else! This movie makes absolutely NO sense. If you're looking for a movie to take your mind off your own boredom, just turn off your TV, and watch a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had heard about this movie before, and I thought it was a funny and entertaining comedy. But I found it to be a complete disappointment. It's an over-produced, slow-paced, predictable, and unfunny film. The acting was OK, but not nearly good enough to justify the budget. I can't believe the people who made this movie thought it could make money. It looks like a waste of time and money.  I give this movie 2 out of 10. This film was so boring I didn't even bother watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "A Love Like Strange" is not even a decent movie at all, which is a real shame, considering it's director and co-writer is the same man who made "The Evil Dead" (which is about as scary as a film can be). It starts off okay, but it goes downhill from there. First off, the characters all look the same (which, I admit, is quite possible to do). The only difference is that the people on screen are different from their personalities and personalities (i.e. the "crazy", the "evil", the female lead, the guy who's the only one that can stop her, etc). The story seems to go off on a tangent about a man who has been killed by the same woman who killed his sister. I was actually expecting a twist of the "who killed him" angle. In reality, they don't know that it's him, they just want to protect him. It's a shame that even a film that tries so hard to be funny and has a great soundtrack and great visuals can't manage to do anything but make us look stupid.  The worst part about this movie is the plot. The movie seems to have been made with the idea that you'll just sit back and watch and see the carnage unfold, and you'll love it. It has no suspense or tension, and it's just too predictable.  This is the second film that I've watched and hated in two weeks (as a fan of the first film, I can't give it that much credit). And the first was "Shutter Island". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed to find this film in the theater and I think I am the only person who has seen it, and I doubt anyone else has seen this movie either. I was really upset when I realized that the only reason that this film was even made was because of the fact that it was made by "B-movie" filmmakers, and they didn't think that they could make a movie better than this one. I mean, the plot was unbelievable, and it was unbelievable in terms of plot, acting, etc. I could go on and on about how ridiculous it was, and how badly the script was, but that is not the point. The point is, how could anyone believe that this was a movie worth spending $2.99? I mean it was so poorly made that it could have been a B-movie with some good acting and really good cinematography. This was an embarrassment and a waste of time. I'm just shocked that the producers of this film didn't notice the fact they had made a terrible film until after the movie was already in the theaters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A total mess. The plot is terrible and it takes far too long to even begin to explain the characters. The actors are awful and the acting is so poor that you almost feel sorry for them. It makes you wonder what they are supposed to do with their lives. It is not even a thriller. It just has a lot of plot that does not make sense and is completely without suspense. If you can get past the bad acting, you might enjoy it. But you are much better off with a good horror film.  The ending is really unbelievable and it just goes to waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no point in this movie, there's nothing to enjoy. There's nothing funny, nothing interesting. This is one of those films that's like having a really bad movie for a laugh.  It's so bad that the only funny part of it is when the main character says, "I can't believe it's been this long since the first film!" It's like, "Wow, look at how long it's gone! I should've made this movie years ago!"  I really can't recommend this movie. It's just so terrible, it's unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really like this movie. It's an odd and pointless exercise in being "cool" in this very stupid world. The acting is poor, the story is incoherent, and the whole thing is just plain boring.  If I were making a movie about the stupidity of the world, I would have made a very low budget, no special effects, and lots of nudity. I would even do it in slow motion so I could watch it in a cinema. In this case, it would have been much easier to do it the other way around.  I think there's a good chance that there will be a sequel where the actors have a chance to be better than they are here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen a number of movies with the word "SILVER" in the title and I can honestly say that this is one of the worst.  The story revolves around a group of people who want to become "SOLVERS" and go around collecting the last remaining relics of a "POWER". The plot has a weak attempt at a mystery plot and an unbelievable amount of backbiting. The acting is so poor that it's not funny or amusing and there is absolutely no reason to watch the movie.  It's like the guy who came to the movie theater to see the "Power Rangers" came to see this and saw that the cast is so small they can't even fit on screen.  This movie is so bad that it doesn't deserve even a rating below 2 out of 10. It is absolutely ridiculous, pointless, and has absolutely no story to tell. This movie has no value for anyone who's even remotely interested in watching it. The only thing I can say that is good about this movie is that it will make you feel better about having your brains exploded by someone who doesn't know how to act. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so stupid and so slow, I really don't know how the director got that job.  It's just a bunch of actors in a box and not a movie at all. The only reason I rated it a 2 is because of the great opening credits. The ending was lame and completely unnecessary. The rest of the movie is just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so devoid of any plot and the characters seemed so out of place that I found myself looking at the credits list rather than the actual film. I mean, I can appreciate the desire to create a surreal film and have a little bit of "drama" in the middle, but not when the film lacks any discernible plot or characters. I can't believe that anyone who thinks they are in the know and who watched the film on DVD is actually watching it on DVD or on DVD-A.  I can only guess that this film was made in an effort to get the "WTF" rating and get the highest possible ratings. The film was a joke of a film.  In fact, I think that the director of this film made it deliberately so, because he was sick and tired of being laughed at for a film he made. I don't think it's any wonder that it was released as a DVD-only release; it was so far from the intended target audience. It just shows that the industry is so desperate for profit that they will do anything to try to get that profit, even when it's the worst film ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure if I can really complain about a film that I just spent three hours on, because I've never been a fan of Michael Moore.  I just don't know how he is able to make movies like this without losing his marbles. The characters are so unlikable that it makes me sad. I cannot believe that Moore, the most important and charismatic person in the world, can turn out to be such a shallow character. I don't understand how anyone could be bothered by this film.  A little bit of a warning though, this film is not for the faint of heart. It's like The Green Mile meets The Road to Hell. If you are looking for a movie that makes you want to punch the screen and run away screaming, look somewhere else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't even know what to say about this movie, other than that I feel sick every time I think about it. It's really hard to watch without laughing. The acting is awful and the story is totally devoid of humor. It was really disappointing because it had so much promise. But the script, direction, and acting are terrible. The plot was completely nonsensical and the only reason I can give for this is because I believe in the idea that you can tell when a movie is bad, because a script is a huge part of the film.  I'm surprised that I managed to watch this movie without laughing so many times. But it's even worse than I thought. I was hoping for an interesting story, but was really expecting a boring comedy. I thought that the plot would at least have some depth, but it just made the whole thing a complete mess.  As a final insult, the title was really stupid. It should have been "Barely Lethal", but there is no one in the world who will be able to recognize a title like that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is just awful. The characters are poorly written, the plot is stupid and it all seems to come out of nowhere. I don't know how they made the movie. There are several scenes where I just couldn't believe that they were in the same movie as the others. The acting is not good, the direction is terrible and the ending is just not believable. I think that this is the best low budget film that I've ever seen, but I'm surprised that this isn't on IMDb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a very shallow and superficial plot. The plot is very predictable and the character's are very one dimensional. There is no real plot. This movie is very shallow but there is some good parts. I can only say this because I was actually entertained by the movie for about 10 minutes. It would be a waste of time to spend hours watching this movie. The movie is about a man who is not particularly good at anything in life, but is a good singer, and he has a lot of good friends who are also not very good.  The movie has very bad acting. The acting is so bad that you have to take out the DVD and look at the subtitles. I didn't see a single good performance in this movie and there were no good characters. The only thing I found amusing was the fact that the lead actor is a very bad singer.  If you are looking for a movie to laugh at and waste your time, go to this movie instead of watching any of the other crappy movies out there. I don't recommend this movie at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping for a sequel to the excellent horror/slasher movie "The Last House on the Left", but I'm disappointed to say that the "Last House" trilogy did not live up to expectations. The ending of "The House on Blue Velvet" and "House on Grey Velvet" was too much for the story to live up and I'm really sorry for that. "The Dead Dead" has been made into a series of movies, but the quality of the acting is so low that you wonder how the actors could keep their jobs.  The story of "Last Days" was predictable and the acting was bad. It was like someone went out of their way to make sure that the plot wouldn't get ruined, because they didn't want you to know anything about the characters and the setting. If you're a horror movie fan you won't get any entertainment from this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the film was going to be interesting because the movie was not in the style of movies I usually like. I am not sure if the movie will have any interest for me but if I were to find out what the story was about I would be disappointed because it is so unbelievable. I would have to be the type to find movies interesting and watch them. This is a real letdown for me. I saw some great movies in the past but this one really made me feel like I was watching a horror movie. I don't know why the director didn't change the script.  The characters don't seem to have any motivation to fight off the evil forces. There is nothing to interest anyone other than the main character. I mean if I was a normal person I would feel guilty that I was wasting my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the film at the Edinburgh International Film Festival. I was there to see the film which was made in collaboration with The New Yorker. The movie was just not a film at all. The acting was awful, the plot didn't make sense and the direction was terrible. The camera was just way too slow and the story wasn't all that good. I've seen better movies, but not quite this bad. The film is a total failure.  It was awful and I was bored watching it.  The film had some good ideas, but it just didn't have any. If you want a boring, mindless, depressing movie, then I'd suggest you skip this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing "Man of the Year", I was a little hesitant about watching "Man-Won".  This movie was terrible. The story was boring and didn't make sense. The acting was bad. I was also not interested in the characters at all.  I would like to warn other people who like this type of movie.  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The characters are stupid and don't make any sense.  It was obvious that the writer was not involved in the production.  Overall, I gave this movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie so many times in so many places that I can't remember the last time I actually liked it. In the previous 10 I've had it at least twice and I haven't even gone back to the beginning. But here it is again. The first time I saw it, I had no idea what was going on. And the second time I watched it I had a really hard time remembering who I was watching and who I just happened to be watching with. This movie is just so terribly unfunny and predictable that it makes me want to kill myself. You have a whole scene where the two male leads (Sterling Hayden and Sam Peckinpah) are arguing about a guy they are about to meet, and I could barely remember what they were arguing about for the rest of the movie. That was the only way I could get the movie to end.  The only redeeming quality is the cast, and maybe that was the reason I actually enjoyed it. There was a lot of great acting in the movie, but it just seemed so incredibly contrived and unrealistic. I can only assume the reason the movie was so bad was because no one had actually thought of the script beforehand. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story has nothing to do with the book and is so poorly told it's as if the movie were a film not a book. The movie is nothing more than an overlong, poorly written, uninteresting and sometimes even funny sketch. It is very disappointing to see the makers of this movie have no idea how to make a film.  If the makers had simply put more effort into the story and used the book to develop their ideas and not just put their own names and ideas on it I would have been more impressed. The book was not meant to be a film and is more of a book than an actual movie. The only thing the makers can gain from making this movie is a big stack of cash. The producers probably want to get a big paycheck and this movie shows that they don't care at all about the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was directed by a Japanese director who does not seem to understand American culture, the language, or the rules of film making.  The acting was so horrible that I was completely taken aback. It was so hard to believe that the actors could be that awful and that it could have been made so easily. The whole thing just seemed to be a waste of time. I can't believe this was made by an American production company. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so boring and stupid that it actually made me angry at the time. And that makes me wonder how much I should have paid for this. The acting was so terrible and so poorly done. The story was stupid and it just made no sense. There was one scene where they showed a guy running from the police with a pistol but in the next shot it was cut to black and he was running towards the camera. I just don't understand how this movie was made and that is just how it should have been. And I hope that this film gets it's rating because that rating could make this movie so popular with people who are so stupid that they believe they can make movies like this.  I just want to warn other people who see this movie. Don't waste your time. This movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title says it all. This movie has one hell of a story, and nothing more. This film's only saving grace is the fact that there are no explosions, gunshots, or really any of the other effects associated with action films. That being said, I was thoroughly disappointed by this film.  It's not a particularly good movie, but I can at least say that I wasn't bored throughout the entire movie.  The acting was a little too wooden for my liking, and the music was a bit too quiet.  However, I wouldn't recommend watching this movie unless you're a big fan of horror films. It's a terrible movie, and if you're going to watch a bad film, go out of your way to find a good one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so boring and uninteresting.  The characters were all bland and nothing interesting. The acting was awful. The movie was a waste of time for anyone who has not seen this type of film.  I would have given it a 3.5 but because I liked the film so much I gave it a 2.5 rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a big waste of time and money for the actors who have to work on it.  The cast is awful and the story is stupid. This movie should be in the category of "worst movie of all time" for the simple fact that it is so bad. There are no believable characters and no story to tell. I don't know why they would put such a movie together.  If you want a mindless movie, go for it. If you have any ambition to become a movie star, do NOT waste your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a complete waste of time. It's so predictable that you can predict the end of the movie without seeing the ending. The story was so boring that I had to ask the guy in the theater what was going on and why they had so little time left. I was just hoping they would go the whole way. This movie is the worst one I've ever seen. It makes me believe that Hollywood would rather make an awful movie than make an okay movie. This is an insult to the fans of all the great movies made over the last 25 years. I am surprised that they let this garbage get released to theaters. The actors and director should be ashamed of themselves. The script is completely incomprehensible. The cast is so poorly cast, they don't have any chemistry with each other, and the directing is so bad that I couldn't figure out how they made it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was made in 1995, the year after the end of the Cold War. The idea of the film was to present a fictional history of the relationship between the United States and Russia during the Cold war period. The movie tries to make the characters sound as intelligent as possible by making them discuss Russian culture, and it does a lot of things wrong. First, the characters are totally uninteresting; their personalities are flat and uninteresting, and the dialogs are so boring that you might think you are listening to an old radio drama. The second problem is that the movie is so badly edited and that it seems to have been made in the early 90s. I can't imagine how anyone could have made this film in that time. The actors were so bad that you could have sworn that they were making their character sounds like an old movie actor.  There are some great scenes in the movie, but they are so stupid that they are ruined by the stupid editing. The ending is pretty much a waste of time, and at times, you want to throw it all out and turn off the TV.  If you are looking for a film to see to celebrate the end-of-the-Cold War, I would suggest the following: "A Time to Forget" (as it was called in the United Kingdom). The film was directed by the late, great director Steven Spielberg. The film is absolutely worthless and should be avoided. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I could have sworn it was made in 1995 and even though the film looks like it was directed in 2014, it was actually made in 1985. The actors are so awful they are actually worse than most kids on Nickelodeon's TeenNick. I can't believe the writers/directors are actually making this movie. It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen, and I am a teenager! If the original TeenNick was even half as bad as this movie is, I would never have allowed myself to watch it. It should be a crime to allow a child to watch this garbage and not even call the police about it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw the trailer for this and thought it was a waste of time and I'll admit that I'm a huge fan of the first episode of Season 1 and of the third episode of this season. But I just can't get past the fact that this is a series of terrible films.  The only thing that is redeeming this show is the fact it has a great cast and it has the great, but sometimes terrible, animation. It is just not enough to justify what has been done to the story and characters in this first episode. The first few episodes of this were just so boring and it was so uninspired and boring that I thought I was watching something else. The animation was really bad and the voice actors just seemed out of place. The only reason I can give this show a 2 is because of the cast and the acting. The acting was so bad that you could hear the characters talking in the background and you didn't know what they were saying.  I guess the problem is that people are just not used to watching shows made up of such poor material and they get caught up in it and the whole series just seems to be awful. But to give it an 8 out of 10 I guess. The actors and animation are good, but it just seems like it could be so much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie in this series of three was better, but the second movie, "The Red Moon", was a bit too ridiculous for me to care about it. It's almost impossible to tell what's going on in this movie, except for the fact that the director (Toni Collette) uses so many "cutesy" and "macho" jokes that it's not worth mentioning the whole thing. The movie has a slow pace, and the acting is really not that good either.  The only reason to see this movie is if you're a fan of "Curse of the Red Moon" movies, or if you have any interest in seeing an uninspired "B-movie". This is not one of those movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this film is that the world was so great and all people had everything they needed, except for the evil evil monsters that lurked in the dark. The monsters would hide from people and would only come out during the nights when there was no one around. So they would go to the local town every night to steal and kill people. The problem is, there are no monsters to steal, just people.  The story is so incredibly bad. It is supposed to be an action film, but it is just a bunch of people walking down a darkened hallway and shooting people. I don't know what the director was thinking. The monster scenes were the worst thing about this film. The characters were extremely predictable and boring.  If the film was made as a horror film, it would have been awful. This film was just an excuse to show people a lot of stupid shots of people standing around and shooting at each other.  It really isn't all that bad, but if you like horror movies, don't waste your time on this one. It really is just that terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the movie over 10 times, and each time, I felt sorry for the actors. The movie is so predictable and boring, that I would watch it again just to get out of it. I didn't even notice the movie's existence until I saw it in the theatre. I had been watching the movie for over 10 hours, and I'm just glad that I finally got it off my mind.  This movie is just plain awful. The actors' performances are terrible, and it's just so incredibly predictable. I'm so sorry for wasting your time. The script is bad, the actors are bad, and the movie itself is bad.  Don't waste your time on this. If you want to see a movie where the movie is boring, predictable, and just plain bad, go watch "The Room" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like to see naked women, this is a bad way to watch. It is so bad that the nudity of the girls was actually part of the plot! That is so not sexy. It's also so not funny. The sex scenes are so low and disgusting that you will be sick. This is one of those movies that are so obviously bad that you won't be able to tell the difference. The music is also awful.  It's not worth watching if you're a guy and you want to see some naked girls.  If this is your first time watching a bad horror movie, you might as well just get a decent horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very poorly written, the acting is awful and the acting talent is just a waste. The acting in this movie is just not believable and the movie is boring. You can tell that the actors were really trying to make a movie. But this movie just fails to capture any of the originality or character of the characters. It is basically a really awful remake of a movie that was released years ago. There are some scenes in this film that are worth seeing. There is no way to tell what the original movie was like. This movie fails to do anything original or fun to anyone.  I would not recommend this movie. It's just not worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see a movie where a few minutes are too much to spend, see this movie! I saw it once on the Sci-Fi Channel when I was about 11 years old.  The only reason I could make out the words in the movie was that I watched it on the TV at a friend's house and I could only read the subtitles on the screen. This movie is really bad. The actors were all acting on their own. Some were so bad I thought they were actors, but they weren't. I was expecting the "B-movie" to be a little bit better. I'm not sure what they were trying to do here, but it was a bad trip.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are no "bad movies" in the world. This movie is an example of a bad, boring and sad movie: an awful, un-funny, low-budget, low production value, and low budget. The acting was bad and the script was extremely predictable. The movie was a disaster. I can't believe that they thought that a low budget, low budget movie would make this much money.  If you want to see something interesting, interesting, and not a disaster, go to a good, well made, high-quality film: the movies I like to watch are the low-cost, lowbudget movies that are worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first movie I have ever seen where the film is so badly made that it just makes you want to put it away. The story is too long, the acting is laughable, and the acting looks like the actors had their lives taken over by the movie.  The acting is so bad that I could see the actor giving a really good performance as a homeless person. If you are going to watch this movie, go to the theater, not the movie theater. I would advise you to not to rent this movie at the movie theaters.  This movie is just about the worst movie I've ever seen. The only good thing about it is that it is a very entertaining movie for the whole family. It would have been better if the movie had been released as a two part, since it is very easy to make mistakes and lose the viewer interest in the movie as soon as it starts to drag on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, I must admit, I don't think there was a single film that I have ever watched where I didn't hate the idea of it. This film was just too damn lame. A movie with no real story, nothing going for it, and a very, very long time between the events. But, in a film-making world that revolves around the use of the DVD as a release mechanism, it's always good to see that the industry still believes that a few minutes of a bad film can make it a hit. This isn't even a movie, it isn't a TV show, it is the "dubious" DVD release. Why should we believe that a good movie can be made if it isn' really a movie? If the DVD is just a way to sell more copies of the movie, then it isn''t a bad thing. However, if a movie is a great movie, that is a better movie and deserves to be shown to the public, it shouldn't be released on DVD. I would have preferred to see this in a theater.  This movie is basically the "what movie?" series, it had a good idea, and then they screwed it up big time.  I would recommend watching this film to everyone, and I am sorry to say it will likely be the last time you see a DVD release in this fashion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no story to speak about. A young girl, who looks just like a girl and acts just like one, and can even talk, is forced into sex with a male stranger. There are no real consequences. There is only one "deeper" story to be told, but the movie never goes anywhere. The film is a collection of shots that do not make sense. I can't tell you what happens because I don't know how the characters are supposed to react to the situations.  What is interesting about this movie is the characters themselves, who are supposed not to be so mature, not so sexy, not supposed to have sex with anyone, not to have relationships with anyone. They are so nave.  In fact, the movie could have been made for a little girl or a little boy, and probably would have been better received. This movie is a very low-budget porno. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a sad little tale of a young man who finds himself in a dark and violent world. Unfortunately, it's too predictable and not really worth watching. This was made at the time when the film industry was in its heyday and was more interested in putting out a movie that had the stars in it. A lot of what made this film so terrible was that it was all based on an old story. The story was so poorly told and the characters so unbelievable that it became a joke among the cast.  The acting was very, very poor. The film is so unappealing that it would be better off if it was only 10 minutes long and could have been edited out. This film is an example of why people who think they know the ins and outs of a good movie are usually just plain wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of the film is really uninteresting. I can't believe anyone would watch this. It's just a lot of boring, shallow, and uninteresting footage. I found it more interesting to watch the beginning of the movie and watch how the characters react to their situation, rather than watch this movie as a whole.  The second half of this movie is worse than the first half. It is a typical "sexy girl-and-guy" movie, complete with a very annoying "girl is too good to be alone" line that never comes up again. The director does not understand that this type of movie can not be successful unless it appeals to everyone. It would be better if the director had a point of view that is more nuanced than this "seedy, sexy, and cool" film.  I just wish the film was made as a two-part, and I'm not sure how they made it as a three-part movie. It doesn't even have any beginning or end to it. It just goes on forever and you don't know when the film will end.   The movie has been on IMDb for almost five years and it still has 1 rating. It needs to be taken down immediately, as it is completely unwatchable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand the reasoning behind this film. I was expecting a comedy with some genuine funny moments. I thought this was going to be funny with a few jokes and witty dialogues. Instead, the film is completely devoid of humor. There are no jokes, no character development, no real jokes. It's just a pile of cheap jokes that just make the film boring. The acting is terrible. I cannot stand the way the characters are presented in this film; it's just so flat and flat. This film should have been released on DVD instead of on DVD and video. The DVD version of this film was released on a video-store video store and should be available for rent on video-rental websites like Amazon Video and Netflix. This should be avoided by those who really want to see a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting something special, and I was right.  Unfortunately, I'm just a sad little guy, and even the most amazing of films is not worth my time. I mean, there is nothing about it that is enjoyable. You get the idea. There's a few interesting moments (I particularly enjoyed the fight scene between John Cena and John Mosley). There's not much else.   I think that this could have been a fun movie with some cool action scenes. I would have loved to see the two teams go up against each other. But, the fight scenes were so terribly choreographed, and the acting was so bad, that I would never watch it again. I'll never know if this was a fluke.  It's not really worth it. Just watch this movie and turn off your mind. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If the only positive review I can say about this movie is that it is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The acting was awful. The story line was lame. It was absolutely no fun at all. The whole thing felt like a waste of time. It seemed to me that this was a movie made to create a little more hype for the film. The only redeeming quality of the movie was the original music by James Brown. That was pretty good, right? So I guess this movie really wasn't a complete waste of money. But it was just plain awful, in every way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete waste of time. It's not even a parody, just a blatant attempt at a spoof on an old Disney film. In the original, the song and dance sequences are great and it is the best Disney has ever made. The film is boring, and there is no reason to sit through the whole thing.  The movie is basically an episode of The Adventures of Robin Hood. The animation is so poor that the film looks like it was done in high school. It is just a lot of CGI. You can actually see the animation in the movie and it looks like some random kid was playing with a blender and cutting out pieces of wood and making them move around. The songs are pretty lame and there are no funny lines.   In the end, the film just feels like a complete mess. It has no sense of humor. There are so many things that could have been done better and the story itself could have used some tweaking. The only saving grace is the fact that it was produced by Disney and was released on DVD. I would have never known there was a video version of the film if it wasn't for Disney releasing it. The DVD version is basically the same thing, but the audio tracks are edited out.  If you want to see the movie, don't waste your time. Go watch some Disney Channel and get a copy of How the Grinch Stole Christmas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is simply uninteresting. The acting is terrible, the directing is terrible and the cinematography is atrocious. I would rate this film below the 'F' level. The plot is very poor and the story is very boring.  There is absolutely no direction or plot, the story was just an endless series of events. I did not even care if I saw this movie when I was on my way to the cinema. I had to turn off the movie so I could finish the film.  I have seen the best in this film, I have never seen an inferior film. The story was so predictable that it could have been a thriller. I think it should have been an hour long film with a twist at the end.  If you are interested in seeing a bad film: Avoid this. Avoid it. Avoid this film. Avoid. Avoid! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the most stupid movies I have ever seen, even though it is from the early 80s.  The plot is about a couple of teens who accidentally get a gun from the police and go on a killing spree.  This is what you get. A couple of teenagers going out, killing each other and being arrested, and then getting off to shoot up a school or something like that. It doesn't make sense at all. I can't even get into it. The movie looks like a Disney low budget, and it's just awful.   I can understand that these movies are made for a kids show. It's not meant to be taken seriously, it's a kids film. But, when this movie was made, it should have been called "Toxic Teen". This movie makes a mockery of teenagers. The actors were in no way teenagers, and there was no reason to make them look that way. This movie would be better if they had kept the name "Toxin". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting something really great, a movie that would make me tear up and cry with joy when I see it. I was disappointed when I saw the film.  I saw a lot of similarities to the film that was made by the American director Terry Gilliam, called "12 Monkeys". Gilliam has an eye for film craft, a love of classical art, and is a good director, so I am really surprised that the movie has such a poor and disappointing ending.  The ending is really weak and I just think it is really too cheap and unbelievable to even consider it. A film that is supposed to be so great and then turns out to be just so boring. This is a really disappointing movie.  If you are looking for a film that will make you cry and laugh a lot, go and see a good movie: "The Lion King"  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really hoping to see the great "Shaft" series on DVD, and to see it in the best possible way. But alas, I was disappointed. This film is about a group of teens who are so jealous of their own group that they want to start their own band.  And then, it turns out that there is a rival band called "The Naughty Ones". And then this rivalry turns into a death-match. The Naughty One then shoots the boy from the group in the back of the head. The boy dies. The group then decides to start a murder-for-hire band. So the movie takes a bizarre turn when the Naughty one is killed by the band's manager and the Nastiest One. The film then just goes on to get even worse.  So I guess I was hoping for a fun-filled version of "Shakespeare in Love" but got a horror movie. And this movie was horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes for this film but unfortunately, I was sadly disappointed. The actors do not give the best performances in their roles, and the script is completely flat and uninteresting. This film is just a glorified advertisement for the DVD.  I guess they could have done better by doing a completely original script that was a little more original.  The actors should not have done this poorly directed film. They should have gone out and done a better job with their previous film. I would recommend you to stay away from this film, because it is not worth your time or money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, this is not a comedy movie. It's not funny. It doesn't have any comedic moments. The acting is terrible. The directing is awful. I mean, come on. That's just pathetic. The movie was made for less than $2 million, but it looks like it was made with less than 10% of the budget. If you want to see a movie with no sense of humor, this would be the movie for you. This movie is a waste of time. It does not make a sense, does not have a story, does NOT have a point, does nothing to keep you interested and just... sucks.  But don't just write it off because it sucks! The movie itself is worth a DVD, but the DVD is about a quarter of the movie's cost. You can actually buy the movie at a video store for around $10. It costs $10 to rent a DVD of a bad DVD, you get $1 for every 15 minutes of the DVD. If the movie made less than 2% of what it cost to make, it would have been worth the rent and the price of the rental fee. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't even express how bad this movie was. The acting was so poor and the acting was even worse in the last two acts. The story line was completely predictable and the ending sucked. I just wanted to see what the ending was going to be like but it was totally predictable and there was no point of any suspense.  I would like to see a sequel where we see the people and the plot get better but I'm sure this movie will be made and it will probably be terrible and this movie is really bad for the DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an extremely mediocre and boring film. A group of students go to see a movie on a weekend, and while at the theatre, they all start talking about a really awful movie.  So they all decide to make a movie about the movie, and they start to make this movie. But this movie turns out to be a horrible movie. I have seen worse. I mean, I saw this movie and it was awful. And I saw the movie "Tomb Raider" and it had that awful plot. I saw "Scary Movie" and that was awful as well. But, "Tales from the Crypt" is the worst movie ever. And that's saying something, because there are worse movies out there.  I mean the movie was awful, but this was a movie that was made by two of the worst directors of all time.  But the movie has a really bad soundtrack, the movie looks like a low budget movie made by a couple of high school students, and the acting was pretty bad. And the ending sucked. I really liked the ending.  In conclusion, the film was an embarrassment and a waste of money. It sucked. And a waste. And it was really not worth my time. If you like horror movies, go to your local video store and rent "Tale of Terror". If you don't like horror films, you're going to hate this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like to watch movies with a plot and the characters involved. This one had none of that and just a story and a cast of characters. It was so pointless to waste time with it. I really wanted to see the actors and actresses involved in the movie.  It's not even worth discussing the acting. It's terrible. The only thing I can say for the actors was that I wish I was given a chance to see how their characters would have developed over time. I guess that would have made a better movie. At least it would have been interesting.  I just couldn't find anything that I cared about in this movie. It just didn't seem to make any sense and was so ridiculous that I couldn't stop laughing. I'm so disappointed in the filmmakers. It makes me want to cry. I want to say that I'm sorry to the actors for their poor performance. I just wish that the story had any meaning at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie, I think it's one of the worst films ever made. It's one thing to have a good movie like "Titanic", and another to do a poor movie like this. It has the same boring plot line as "The Poseidon Adventure" and the same lame voice actor. The script is a waste of time, and the acting is just awful. I wouldn't have given it a 1 if I could have given a better rating. The only redeeming factor was the music.  The plot was pointless and there were no redeeming features for the movie. I can't see a movie where a movie is so dull it gets a 1.  This film is the definition of "slop". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this at the Ritz in New York City. The first three hours were interesting but after the third hour the plot just got worse and worse. There was no character development, no story, and very little plot. The movie started with a very short scene in which a young boy gets his mom's handbag. This is followed by a very long scene in the kitchen with a bunch of people. There are also some scenes that are so ridiculously ridiculous that I almost laughed out loud at the screen. The acting is also pretty terrible. It is difficult to tell which actor is speaking because the dialogue is so incomprehensible that it sounds like a child's talk. The only redeeming part of this movie is the music, but it is not enough to make up for the bad acting, plot, and music. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film about a little boy and his dog who live in the woods and find themselves at the mercy of the wolves. They get caught up in a big hunting trip where they must shoot everything in sight in order to survive. The dog is a bit slow, but there's enough of that to keep the movie from really taking off. The movie does nothing but get really tiresome and really annoying. The only reason I gave it 3 out of 10 is because it has the "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Far North" theme song playing in the background for half the movie. The whole thing just seems really lame and unnecessary.  The ending is the only thing that really keeps the film from being a total waste. But I really think you should avoid this film at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot, acting and script are all completely non-existent. There are no plot twists, no interesting character development, no real story, no believable dialogue, and most of all, the acting is bad.  The director is clearly an inexperienced and poorly trained actor, and the acting, as a whole, is simply pathetic. Even the title of this film is terrible. The characters, while interesting to some extent, don't even seem to have personalities; they're basically just names and numbers. The plot is a complete joke.  It's a shame that this film has been released in America. People need to grow up, and get real movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a horror movie, it's not an action movie. The only thing it did was to create a negative perception of the horror genre. This is not an original movie, but it's worth a look just to see how bad it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise was that it was about a group of five men in prison in a dungeon and that they had been sentenced to death. The only way to survive was to get the chance to kill each other. Well, that wasn't true, but it's a very poor excuse for a movie. The story of a five men going on a killing spree in a prison is pretty good, but the story is completely useless. They are the worst kind of movie I've ever seen, and the actors are the absolute worst. Even though they are a fairly well known band, their actors should be better than this.  They're really terrible and should be avoided at all costs. The acting is so bad that the music from the movie is worse than the lyrics of the song. It's actually so bad in this movie that it actually makes me want to turn it off. This movie isn't even worth the time of a minute or two. This is one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that's so un-interesting that it actually hurts. I mean it's not even remotely worth watching. I was hoping that the characters would make the movie more interesting by actually having some sort of plot. The only thing that the movie had going for it was the idea that the girl was actually the protagonist in the story. And that's just not how the movie works. I don't know what this movie was thinking, but this movie is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.   The only redeeming qualities of this movie are the absolutely disgusting performances by the two leads. If I could give this movie a 1/10 rating, I would, because I just don't think that people like these movies at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really don't know why I gave this 2 stars, but I really felt bad for the fact that I rated it as one star. This was just a really boring way to waste my time, and there are no redeeming qualities about it. The acting was terrible, and the plot was really lame. I can't imagine anyone liking this film. I'll give it 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so bad, I cannot believe they could have made it. It's not funny at all, it's not exciting, and it makes absolutely no sense. It seems to have been filmed in a completely different style, and the story line was so unbelievable I felt cheated. I really didn't like the story, I couldn't believe the plot. I felt like the movie was just a bunch of people being filmed in one way and then being thrown in a different way (for example the way they shot the camera was very slow and confusing). Also the music was not really good, it made the film really uninteresting. The acting was very uneven, there was no character development whatsoever.  The story line had absolutely no logic to it at all. If this had been a true comedy then there would have been much more character development, and less pointless shots of people just hanging around.  It's just so badly made that I was actually sick to see it. I'm not sure if this is because it's so long and has no trailers, but it was just so bad that I didn't want to see anything else until I saw it again. The movie is only interesting because of the fact that it's a horror film, and that the movie is so long, so dull, so boring that I just wanted to see a new movie and stop watching this. The only reason I watched it again was because I heard it was going to be released on DVD.  Overall I gave it 2/10, but the final score was 2/4. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The acting is not even worth mentioning and the plot is terrible. I give this movie 2 stars. If you like a good cheesy horror movie that doesn't have a twist, this is the movie for you. However, if you like bad movies, this isn't the movie to see. I hope they make a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's no surprise that this was rated a C+ and below the "totempole" genre. I am not really sure what genre it falls under, and I don't care to know. However, the fact that I had to go to the trouble of rating this a negative was just another sign that this movie was a joke. I would rate it lower, but the fact it is rated a B is just an insult to anyone who actually wants to see a movie.  As the movie was so short, I'm guessing the plot is so weak that it wouldn't have lasted more than ten minutes. I've seen worse, and it was never funny. The acting was really terrible, and the dialog was so clichd that it was unbearable.  I'm a fan of this genre, and usually am a fan at the time I watch a bad film. However I've watched this movie twice and still have not seen anything like it.  The idea for this movie came from "The Devil's Den", by Sam Raimi, and "Cannonball Run", by Don Simpson. The two movies were so similar, so poorly directed, and so ineptly written that I just laughed at both. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie and was disgusted by the direction, the acting, the writing, the sound, the characters. The film seemed to have no meaning at all.  The story was a bit hard to follow and there was no real sense of danger or suspense.  Some of the acting was OK, but it did not make the movie worth watching. Some scenes were a bit predictable, but in the end it wasn't enough to save this movie.  I could see this movie getting into the trash can by the end of the summer, but I doubt the studio will make another one. I would like to see the director spend some time writing a script and working on it. If this movie were a TV show, it would be cancelled after one episode, just like most other "funny" movies.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a recent review I found this movie: "a film of utter stupidity." It's funny, but not funny enough to make it worth watching. The actors are awful. The story line doesn't even make sense. The ending isn't all that funny either. The film just isn't worth the time. I've seen far worse. I'll give it a 2 out of 10, but don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry to say I don't have the patience to watch this one - it looks like a trainwreck - I've never been able to finish watching an action movie before I had to turn it off. It is, in fact, the worst action movie I have ever seen, not even top 10, and I've watched some awful movies (such as "The Fast and The Furious" and "Iron Man 2" - it was a disaster). The only thing that got a bit better was the car scenes, which were pretty entertaining. The movie was not very entertaining. However, the film was not a bad film to watch if you want to see a pile of lame, incoherent, and poorly directed action sequences - it just seemed to be a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of money was spent and the movie itself was a waste of time. What we got instead were 2 hours of a bunch of old actors playing old characters.  It is a shame because this film was supposed to be a biopic about the life of one of the most successful movie stars of the last century, but ended up being a complete failure of a comedy. In the end, the movie did make a lot of people laugh, but not enough. It was so boring and predictable that I actually found myself yawning. I think this is one of those movies where the stars and director had the idea to make it a musical. I'm not really sure why they did it, and I don't think it was any good. The acting was bad, the script was boring, and the whole thing was so overrated that I almost threw it away when I had to go see it. This is a very, very bad comedy and I would rate it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is actually an homage to the original "Karate Kid", and it does a pretty poor job of making it a parody of the original. In fact, the movie doesn't even bother trying to emulate the source material, and it shows how much better a movie can be if it tries. The movie doesn`t even seem to know what it`s supposed to be, and when the movie gets its feet wet, it turns into a pile of trash. There are a few scenes where the movie tries to parody the movie, but these scenes are pretty weak, and the movie is even worse in other aspects. This movie tries too hard to emulate "Kane" and the plot is not even the same at all. I can`t believe that a movie with this plot could be as bad as it is, and I really want to like it. I mean, it`d have to be that awful if it`r so close.  But, I can't believe that it`ll actually get a good rating, because it`a actually awful movie. I would say to anybody who sees it, watch it with a few beers and a good movie drink and watch the ending first. You`ll hate it even more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just went on a bad date with my girlfriend, and I can't think of anything bad to say about this movie. I've seen so many horrible movies in my life, I was expecting this to be one of the worst. The acting is bad, the plot is stupid and the plot twists are absolutely unbelievable. I found it hard to believe that these two were actually together (and that they were dating). The only redeeming part was the music, but that was really not a good movie to listen to. I think I'm going to have to put it on video to send to my boyfriend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was absolutely horrible. I think it has some kind of a cult following but I doubt it.  If you're a fan of "The Matrix" then you're in luck because this film is basically a "Theater" that never got made. There are some great moments in this film but that's about it. There is very little plot, no acting, and only a few memorable characters.  The only reason to watch this is to see how a film crew can destroy a movie. If you like a really big budget, "The Last Temptation of Christ", "The Illusionist", "Tropic of Danger", "Nosferatu", or "The Devil's Backward Steps" then check out "The Dark Angel". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "The Devil and Father Light" is supposed to be a horror film set in medieval Germany.  It is actually about a guy who goes around killing all the townsfolk he meets. He's also killing all of the towns folk's dogs and cats because of a curse.  The film tries to be more than that, but falls flat in the end. The main character is a very ordinary guy who thinks he's some sort of monster. The story is just a pile of crap. A few of the scenes were interesting. They were supposed to have been shot in a real medieval town. The acting was OK, but nothing special.  This film is so incredibly bad that it's scary. It's so bad that I actually felt bad when I watched it.  If you're looking for a horror flick, don't watch this film. I would recommend giving this a miss unless you're a serious collector of B-movies. It might be interesting if you want to see how medieval Germans lived, but I doubt you'll find much to look at in this film that hasn't already been told in a better way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want a film that will leave you scratching your head as to why it didn't work out, and if you're an aspiring director, you can watch this film as it's in no way a work of art, go and see your friends' horror films.  This film just didn't do anything for me, it didn'...really'  There's just no way that it could have worked. It was a complete waste of time and effort.  I don't even care that it was supposed to be a feature film, if it were released under a different name and with a different budget, it could of made more money. But instead, it was released as a low budget film that is going to get people who don't like horror films to see this film.    I would advise anyone who watches this film not to watch it at all, or to avoid it altogether. It's a waste of your time and money. It makes you look like a fool. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film on the local cable network, and it made me so sick to my stomach that I actually vomited. The acting was absolutely pathetic and the story was so unbelievable that I was laughing my butt off at every single part. This film is simply the worst. It's so bad that you almost feel bad for liking it. I don't know how it could get away with such an awful film, but apparently it does.  I've seen better films from other horror fests. This one is one of the worst I've ever seen.  The plot is ridiculous, the actors are awful, the sound track is bad, and the film is just plain boring. This was supposed to be a film about a group of teens with a problem, but instead it turned into a total piece of crap. The characters were so boring, I just sat there and watched it over and over again. And then I watched it again, and then again. I got sick from watching it, and I dont think I'll ever watch a horror film again.  It's bad, it's really bad, I can't recommend it to anyone because I'm sick. I can only give it 2 stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this was an experiment on how many people would actually like a really cheap, low budget sci-fi flick about alien abduction, where the main character is a guy who has some kind of psychic powers. I know it's an alien, but really? I don't understand. Anyway, the movie is so boring and badly directed. The dialogue is awful, the action is lame, and the special effects are so, so, lame. It looks like a TV pilot made for kids, not a sci-Fi flick.  I was really hoping for something interesting to say about it, but that's not what it is. It's just a really, really boring sci-fier, but the trailer is pretty funny. I'll see it again just to see how the trailer has changed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film begins with the most boring and uninteresting opening scene in a film I've ever seen. After a few minutes, the film turns into a comedy of bad jokes, the camera zooms around and then pans to a huge, stupid face and screams for attention, which is the only thing that was interesting about the entire film.  In the film, the main character, a man named Jack, is being chased by a bunch of men who are wearing masks and masks of various colors. These masks are all trying to stop him from killing them all.  The men wear a few different masks and some of them are quite good. Unfortunately, the masks don't work at all in the film. Jack, who is very much out of his league in the world, does a number of bad things and has to go back and forth across the world to save his friends and family.  It is an extremely unpleasant film that is really just a series of awful jokes.  I'm just shocked that such a movie was ever made. This is an example of why I always avoid movies that feature a very boring opening scene. I'm sorry to say that I don't know why anyone else in the industry made a movie with such a lame opening scene, but I can only assume that the people who made this film did not want to see what happened to the man they made it about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In what is one of the worst movie titles ever (I can't think of any other title that comes close to it), "The Lost World" (the title is misleading) is actually a fairly decent film, except for the way the ending is completely unsatisfying.  The story itself is pretty boring, but the way it ends makes it a whole lot worse. In the beginning of the film, a group of explorers is looking for the mysterious, lost world of Atlantis, which has been rumored to be on its way to a distant planet. However, the explorers don't seem to be able to find the lost world and the world itself is never mentioned again. This is, of course, a fairly common theme in many science fiction movies, but it is never given a satisfactory resolution. A lot of the characters in the film are so flat and lifeless that they could easily pass as the casts of a couple of mediocre horror movies. The director tries to give the movie some flavor by showing a few of the explorers' personalities, but this only really comes across as shallow and forced.  I think this movie is awful. It's awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting something more entertaining from "The Last Temptation of Jack", and was not disappointed. But, for all the wrong reasons. The acting was awful, the storyline was ridiculous and the plot had no purpose. It seemed like the writer didn't even understand that people don't care much for these movies. A few times I thought that the script was so unbelievable, that I couldn't even read the words that were written in it.  The movie seemed to be directed by someone who has never made a movie before. He was also very forgetful and it was very hard to tell whether he was acting or directing. The plot was just plain stupid and there was no end to the stupid things that were happening in it, such as the kids fighting in the playground.  A lot of things about this movie are pointless. The story was stupid and just seemed to drag on for no reason. The movie is so full of inconsistencies and stupid things happen and no explanation is given for them. The music was very irritating. And the movie seemed like it had been filmed in a very short time (about 4 hours) and it wasn't a very good movie, just because of the stupid plot. But what really hurt the movie was the horrible acting. I couldn' tell who was being played by who.  I can't recommend this movie because it was so bad. I recommend it for people who want to see how badly the actors have to act, but don't want to watch the whole movie. I can understand the reasoning behind this movie. It was just so stupid and boring.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that I was really surprised when I heard that the movie was made in Japan, since it was made for the U.S. market. I was wondering if it was possible that the director or the writer of the movie, was from Japan. I'm sure it's not the case.  The movie is full of unbelievable clichs, such as the idea that a woman is in love with a man and he has to help her get rid of it. It's just ridiculous. I know the feeling, but I can't express it as easily as the Japanese people can. The movie does have its good points, however. It has some great music (as usual, they are in Japanese only). I'm really disappointed by the fact that the English version of the DVD only contains the English dubbing, and the original Japanese version is still available on DVD. The director and writer should learn a little more from the Japanese fans. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little too long, but still way too much like the original "Ghostbusters" movie. The story seemed to drag a bit, but the characters seemed to have no personality. The original movie was a lot more fun, and had much more action and excitement to it.  I just felt like the movie dragged a bit. I wish there had been more of the humor from the original.  The cast seemed a little too familiar with each other, and seemed like they were trying too hard to stay as believable as possible. I really wished they would have kept the cast together, but kept the humor to a minimum.  Overall, I really wish they would've made the original movie a little longer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only reason I can think why the producers chose to put this movie together.  I was surprised at the fact that the first half of the movie is completely made up of flashbacks, but it is pretty clear what the movie really is about. The only reason this movie works is because there is a plot, and the plot is bad.  The actors are all either not good enough, or they are very talented actors who can't pull their act together. They can act when they are playing characters that are supposed to be "cute". This movie is a huge disappointment for anyone who enjoys bad movies.  If you are going to see this movie, make sure that you get to the end before you are halfway through. The ending could have been much better if the plot had been more coherent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this at the cinema when I went to see the first of the three films and was absolutely disgusted. I mean, I thought it was a decent film, but the story was ridiculous and pointless. I think the director was only making it look like a "mature" film. The acting was laughable, the special effects were not believable and it was so over the top. If you don't like the kind of humour that is presented in the film, then stay away from it. But if you are a fan of "movies", then you should be happy with the outcome. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film's premise is pretty straight forward but the film is actually a slow, boring, and unsatisfying ride. There are no action sequences and the story doesn't move at all. The story has no real emotional core. There is no sense of a relationship between characters. The actors are not good and there is no real connection between them. The acting in general is very uneven throughout the film and there are a lot of scenes that could have been cut out. The final sequence was actually pretty decent but I really don't know what was in the script that made it into the movie.  The characters are not really developed, and the film lacks any sense of humor. The cast is completely unconvincing and not believable. It's really a shame because this movie was a lot better when it was released on DVD and on video, but unfortunately it doesn't even have that excuse anymore. The only thing that could redeem this film is if it had some decent music in it. The music in the film was not that good either.  In conclusion, this film lacks everything. It is a real waste of your time. It will probably turn off anyone who is looking for a good action film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few days ago I read a review by a friend who called the movie a "boring waste of time." This movie was not a waste of your time, but a waste for you and your time. The first half hour or so of this film is just a few minutes of an hour-long, boring, pointless, and depressing, albeit entertaining, piece of crap. This movie made me want to kill myself, and I do not even know what was so entertaining about the story. I think they should have done a much better job of explaining the storyline and the story of this movie. The plot was bad, the acting was poor, the special effects were terrible, the cinematography was terrible, and the sound was terrible. In other words, the entire film was a waste. The special effects, cinematography, and sound were very, very poor.  I guess they really wanted to make the movie as long as possible and the end credits were not very convincing. But the movie was so bad, I couldn't care less. I just wanted to give the movie the lowest rating possible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, I am an avid fan of the Harry Potter movies, so I was expecting to like this movie. After I saw it, I realized that it is not worth my time. I could not understand the story, and I got very bored after watching the movie only once.  It is a pity that this movie did not have the chance to develop the relationship between the two main characters, Ginny Weasley and Harry Potter. It would have been a nice surprise for the movie to develop. Also, I did not like the fact that Harry and Ginny were in love. I do like Harry as a hero, but he was not the most interesting character.  The acting was awful, especially Neville Longbottom.  I hope that Warner Bros. will never do this again, because this movie is simply a waste of money. It did not even bother me that there was no scene in the movie where the characters talk about the events of the movie.  If you want to see a really bad movie, go watch "The Little Rotten Tomatoes". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really disappointed with the movie. The acting was pretty bad. I was especially shocked that the movie was rated for an older audience. The story wasn't too exciting. The only thing that really interested me was the special effects. I think that was what really made me disappointed. I guess I would rather see a movie that had some interesting story line then the "Fifty Shades of Grey" parody. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just went through the whole thing and it's awful. I thought it was okay, but I was watching it with the kids at the time. But it is absolutely awful. The acting is bad and the plot is totally lame.  There's just too much happening that's so boring. I don't know what happened to the script and how it was going to end. The whole thing could have been made much better if they could have stuck to the story. The actors were completely over the top. It was so much like an episode of a bad TV show that you would have to be in a bad mood to watch it. I would like to see this made into a low budget indie film and given a bad review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this movie for the first time. I thought that it was an interesting story but the acting was terrible. The movie itself was interesting but the actors were all terrible. If you have ever seen the "The Adventures of Robin Hood" then you know what a terrible movie it was. The acting was atrocious and the story was predictable. If they could have at least gotten the actors to act more like Robin Hood then the movie would have been much better. This movie was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, the title suggests, has an original idea. There are several "original" ideas in this movie, but they are the same old ideas we've seen before. There is a character with a strange illness and no apparent cure (no one really knows what's wrong with him). He is pursued by the local government, the FBI, and the local drug cartel. The character is a drug dealer, so the movie makes the joke that he's a drug kingpin, the way most drug dealers would be. The only redeeming quality of this movie is that it's an entertaining little thriller. It is a very strange film, that's for sure. But the fact that this movie contains the word "drug" in its title (and has no connection to the actual drug of interest, which is meth) makes the movie completely incomprehensible. The movie looks like a "bad comedy" and there is a lot of gags that go nowhere, but it's just the way this movie tries to make its point. I would have expected a lot more from a comedy that wasn't actually funny, and it doesn't even seem to be "real" (the actors are clearly just mimicking their roles). I could have made a better movie, by the way.   The acting is weak, and they can't even be serious enough to make the joke believable. I can't believe that this was made for money, because if the makers wanted to make a "good" movie, they wouldn't have put such a nonsensical title on it. The plot is weak and the movie is really bad, with no plot, no real plot, and even less plot. It has nothing to do with meth. It's just a silly, poorly made film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this movie in its entirety on the IMDb. And I'm only giving it a 2 out of 10. This film is really just a bunch of shots from the movie and a lot of jokes thrown in here and there to be a comedy. There's no plot, no story, no direction.  The movie is just awful. Some of the jokes are funny at first, but then you see how many more of them there are and it's just sad. The director is an unknown but I can't believe this guy has done anything to deserve this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an effort to be "cool" or something, the cast and crew went overboard on their "character development". There was absolutely no character development. It's like one of those old TV shows where everyone has a really cool line in the script. The acting was terrible. Even the special effects looked like they were made out of cheap, cheap plastic. There was no originality, and it was all a total waste of time. The only thing I did like was that the ending was better than most Hollywood endings, but the rest was just awful. This movie is so bland, it makes "Dumb & Dumber" look like an excellent movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is pretty much what a person would get from a bad video, i mean if you could only see it once, and only once.  It's like an episode of "Saturday Night Live" where you see the worst sketch you've ever seen, and you know the rest of the sketch is going to be pretty bad, except that it was the sketch that made you laugh the least.  And that sketch was the main reason why I didn't watch this movie more. It was so bad I was hoping the movie would actually make it through the editing and get to the point. But it didn't. I got nothing more than the movie. The only thing that kept me watching this movie was the music. I mean, I don't care how awful the movie was, if the music was there, then the movie wouldn't be half as bad. I found it so stupid and lame that it actually made me laugh.  But if you want to see the movie, you can see it at the YouTube site for the movie (here). I can't recommend it, and if you do see it, you should probably go out of your way to avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film begins with a brief scene in a small Mexican town where an older couple is talking to a younger couple who is a member of the local church. It looks like the older couple wants to be baptized, and the younger couple is just waiting to be converted to the Church. But they just don't have the right kind of clothes to do so. So the older woman makes them take off their shirts and their trousers, and then they start to pray.  There is a good scene where the younger man tries to make the couple stop praying, but he is ignored by the older man and the woman.  The next part of the film is a little better, with the older wife trying to convert the couple, but the couple just don't listen. The movie isn't bad, but it is very disappointing. The script was awful, and there is no real reason why the couple should be converted.  I have seen better movies that are much better, but this film isn't one of them. It is just boring, and very poorly acted. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, in my opinion, has no plot, no originality and, worst of all, no humor. The acting was terrible (not the acting by any one actor). The acting in this movie is one of the worst ever seen. I give this movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know if this was intended as a parody of "The Matrix" or a tribute to the "The Terminator", but I just don't understand how someone could make such a poor movie and try to make it funny. I'm guessing that this was the director's attempt at making a "The Omen" movie.  It's one of the most inept and uninspired films I've ever seen. I know this is the director, so I can't say he was bad, but he was not a good director, and it was a waste of time to watch this. I can tell you that this movie has some great acting (especially by the guy who plays the Terminator), but there is no reason to waste your time watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first two minutes are fine, but the rest of the movie is nothing but a bunch of scenes that go on and on and don't add anything to the story or anything else to the movie. It's like a lot of other "chill" movies made in the 1980's. I wish I could say I was the only person who felt this way, but I'm sure plenty of others did as well.  In one scene, the woman talks to her son, and the son says "Do you want to do this? If you want me to do it, you can tell me that I want to." The daughter then tells her dad that she wants to be an actress. Her dad says, "You don't know how to act." The girl says, she thinks she can do it. The father then says, of course, you have to act.  The movie tries to make the daughter seem a bit more mature than she really is.  I didn't feel like I was watching the movie, but it didn't make me want to stop. It just didn't work.  My favorite lines were "Do not let anyone hurt you!" and "Don't tell anyone what to do!" I've heard that quote so many times, it's actually become a joke at my house. I don't care. I'm just glad I didn;t see it twice.  And of course there's the scene where the dad says something about how the girl was the most talented girl he's ever seen, and then makes her act like a kid. It was so unbelievable that I actually laughed.  All in all, I just don't understand how anyone thought this movie was going to be a big hit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a bad acting, low budget, and is not funny at all. There are a lot of jokes that are a waste of time. The story line is just not interesting and there is no humor. I do like the movie though, but the movie itself was a waste.  I did like the ending though. The ending could have been better. I really do wish this movie was made into a real movie. This is just an attempt to capitalize on the name of a famous movie and make a movie about that. If the name wasn't there then why would anyone want to make a joke about it? The movie is just a big waste of money and a waste to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is stupid, the script is boring, the acting is awful and the music was so irritating that I couldn't concentrate on the movie. The whole movie was made by a guy who is clearly an amateur.  I was wondering why the director kept going on and on with his dialogue and why he kept doing that and I found out that he's a director who has a problem with his own actors.  The script is so poor that the audience is forced to believe that the characters are intelligent. This makes the movie completely unwatchable. The actors seem to have no concept of the story. There is absolutely no plot. There are no emotions. There's absolutely no character development. This is just a waste of time. I would have rather been able to sit down and watch a good movie.  If you can't handle a bad script, don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame that the movie was made in the 80s. In the '70s there was a real demand for movies with a strong storyline. In this case it would have been great to have a movie about a good movie but instead it's just a movie of bad jokes and pointless story. It's just bad. And not in a funny way. In fact, most of the jokes are just a waste of time and energy.  The movie does not make much sense. There's nothing interesting about the story. A lot of the movie is just like other "funny" movies of the time. You know the ones. Where the jokes don't make sense but the plot is actually interesting. The movie should have been made in 2008 and 2009 and released in 2008. In 2010.  I'm not sure how much the movie will be remembered as a movie, but I'm pretty sure it will be forgotten and that it will only be remembered for its ridiculous plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a horrible movie and it made me think that I was seeing it on the big screen in the same way that I'm sure it was meant to be. The only thing I liked was the ending. I thought that if they didn't end it at the same point of the movie, I would have been in for a surprise.  I'm not sure what happened, but I feel like the writer was trying to force his own ideas into the movie. He had the script that I thought was fine, but he didn't like the ending, so he put his own little twist in it. I don't like it, but it doesn't make the movie a good movie. It's not that the movie was bad; it just was terrible. The writing was terrible, the acting was terrible (except for the guy who played the father, I can't recall him, but they were alright).  I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone who doesn't like movies, especially the kind that have a script. I wish I had listened to the guy, who was an expert on the movies who was in on the whole thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen other bad movies, but none this bad. I'd have to say that I'm glad that this is the only one I've found so far. I can't imagine why anyone would make this movie for a group of people. I saw this at a family friendly movie theater and was just disgusted with the film. I felt like it was made for a younger audience, or perhaps because it was directed by a younger director. I'm sure the studio will make more movies, and probably have them all released in DVD, but this is an exception. I give it 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what happens when the producers get bored. No one cared that the film was a "horrible" rip-off of the "Indiana Jones" movies. After all, there were no references to the comics or the movies, so it seemed that people were willing to overlook them. I think that the producers were too busy thinking of other things to make the film worth watching. If you're not a fan of the movies or don't like Indiana Jones, this film isn't for you. I wouldn't have bothered watching the film at all, but I just wanted to warn you. If it weren't for the ridiculous script and direction, this movie wouldn't be so bad. If this is what your film is supposed to be, don't waste your time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so bad that I can only say that I'm glad it's not more of the same. The story is very predictable. It takes place in a small town and the characters all seem to be in the same place at the same time (even though the movie is set in an actual town).  The acting was a joke. The acting is not great, but it was good enough to get the movie a 6. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  I gave it a 3 because it was the only movie I watched this year that I didn't hate. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so incredibly bad that I cannot understand why the director was allowed to keep making it.  There are so many things wrong with it that I can't even begin to say how much it cost to make it. If this movie were made in Hollywood, it would be called "The Death Wish II". The plot is terrible, the actors are so poorly cast that I am surprised the movie exists at all. The special effects are so laughable that I almost laughed out loud. The script is so terrible that you really wonder why anyone would want to see this movie. The acting is so awful that it makes it seem like they made it for the fun of it and forgot to make the movie funny. The ending is so predictable that you know it's going to be bad every time it happens. The whole thing is just a giant, sad excuse to make money. I would rate it as a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has the usual predictable plot (somebody kidnaps a child from a family and forces him to fight for his life) but with no redeeming qualities. I can understand why people would turn out to hate this film, but this film is just plain awful and boring. I have seen better at least. The acting is bad (I've never heard anyone who was good in this film say that it was the acting). The acting was so bad that it made me think that it could be a movie from the 90's. The special effects are so weak that I didn't notice them for 2 hours. There are too many cheesy moments and scenes, like the scene where the parents try to convince their child that he is in danger, because they believe he could die if they don't give him food. If you want to watch a movie with a bunch of kids screaming and having a lot of sex and violence, watch The Ring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a year that has been full of bad films and films that make you wish for a good time at the movies, this film was definitely a disappointment. The plot, as well as the acting, was absolutely awful. There was no mystery or suspense. The only way I could see it being good was if it was actually a documentary, and the best documentary I have ever seen was "The Story of Us" from the "National Geographic" channel, but I think that was about the only time I ever liked the "Tales of Bigfoot" movie.  I mean, what the hell was the point of this movie? It was simply an excuse to show a couple of Bigfoots and Bigfoots, and I don't even want to think about how much of it was made up. I saw it, and went to see a good movie. You should have just gone to the theater and watched the "Walking Tall" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a fan of the TV series "Worst Case Scenario". It's a show that is based off of a real life horror movie. I'm sure it's a lot of fun to watch and the people involved in the show seem to have fun making it. However, there is no reason to ever watch this show.  The movie does nothing new. It's just the same old thing we've seen before. I was disappointed that the movie started at 3:30 in the morning and then ended at 4:30. It could have been shortened and we could have seen the characters in a slightly different situation, instead of watching them in the same situation at 4.30.  In the end the movie ends up being about 4 hours of pure torture. If the writers had wanted to have a decent movie about torture then they should have made it an hour.  I give this movie a 1 out of 10 rating. If you are looking for a cheap horror movie this is the worst movie you could get. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film follows a couple of brothers, who are from opposite sides of the world, who come together as a result of a family feud. The feud gets so bad that the brothers are in need of some sort of a distraction, so the father of one brother proposes that he will give up his life of crime and join the family business, where he can spend time with his two younger siblings.  I know that I should be expecting something a bit more mature, but this film is far from being an entertaining film. The film seems to be made solely to get the money-makers out of the theater. The two brothers are given two lines to say each time, and the film is littered with unnecessary, unnecessary, and very uninteresting acting.  It's as if the directors did not care about the story at all, and just put out a bunch of rubbish to get people to go to the theater because it's a good movie to go see. This film was poorly directed, badly acted, and poorly edited.  Just make a movie where you have a plot and a few characters that you care about and make it a decent movie, without a whole lot of "what if" nonsense and just make the plot interesting. I didn't see any character development whatsoever, and was just bored from all of the unnecessary crap the film was crammed with. I would have just preferred to see a film with more substance and not one where you just go see it and then just watch it for hours on end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an uninspired, uninspired and uninspired film. There are some good parts, some decent music and some good performances. The problem is that the script is so unreadable and the actors seem so far removed from the events that they cannot relate to them and so, despite all the good points, the movie falls flat.  The film is about a group of teenagers who, in the midst of a robbery, decide to rob their own house and then rob their parents' house as well.  This has a certain feel to it, but there is nothing to it. It's simply an excuse to rob and rob. It is not a film that I would ever watch if I was asked to do so. I did not enjoy this film.  I would highly recommend that you stay away from this film unless you are really desperate to see a gangster film, because this is just a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really lame piece of work. It has no originality, no character development, and a bad script. The whole thing feels like a parody of itself, with the same stupid lines and acting as in all the previous films. The acting is the worst I have ever seen from anyone. The dialogue is so bad that it makes it impossible to understand. I would say that the film has a positive theme, but it really doesn't have any real theme.  I would like to see a better movie, but I'm afraid it will never happen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was weak, the acting was terrible, and the writing was terrible.  The only saving grace was the really cool looking, but unfortunately, really crappy sound effects.  If you want to watch a bad film, this is the movie to check out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that made this film interesting was the fact that it starred John Cusack and he played a very strange and stupid character. That said, it is a bad, boring, and sad film. It is so boring, I had to go look up a negative movie review about it.  I am sure the writer was a bit tired of writing about the same thing, so he threw in some other things to make the movie even more stupid and sad. The film starts off with a strange character who is playing a killer with no conscience who kills children because he is a monster. After the killer has killed, the killer is left in a hospital because he did not want to get killed and he wanted to be able to live with his wife and children. The killer is now a prisoner in a mental institution. There are a lot of problems with this. The director and writer were clearly trying to make a really scary and disturbing film and I would like to say, they succeeded. But they failed to do that, so it is very sad that the movie was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen, I mean I have seen worse but this is the worst. I'm a fan of the show and love the characters but this movie was so incredibly stupid. It was as if they made a show out of the same story that was on the original show. The plot and characters were so ridiculous that it makes me wonder if it wasn't a joke or just an afterthought. It's just plain awful and I just can't believe they let this movie get made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so poorly made and badly acted that the viewer will probably not care for the story, because it will probably be boring. I think this movie has one major flaw, which is that there is no resolution at all, and the film simply comes to an end. There is no conclusion to the story. It's as if the author had written a series of disconnected episodes.  The characters are completely stereotypical, and there is absolutely nothing in the movie that will make you feel anything.  It's like the author didn't care at all about the story and didn't want to give the audience anything that was remotely interesting. The story was basically just a series-of-adjectives that had nothing to do with the characters or the story at all. It doesn't make sense at all and you can't feel anything from it. I can't even make any sense of what the characters are saying and I'm going to have to write an article about it so that I can tell you how the movie was supposed to be like, so that you can actually tell me how bad the movie is.  If you are a serious film critic, don't waste your time with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just an excuse to show how an Asian woman could get a white guy to sleep with her.  They make the white guys look as creepy and creepy as they want because that's what they do, but that doesn't mean that they're creepy. I would have to say that they do look like creepy but I just don't know what they were going for with this movie.  If you want to be creepy and be racist, just watch the Japanese version of this movie and it will be totally OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first time I've ever seen a movie which is so devoid of all substance and style that it makes a person question their own sanity. The plot is predictable, the actors seem lifeless and the dialog is so uninspired. This is what we get from the makers of the original, but then again, that movie is just so bad that you can't help but give it a 10.  My guess is that the director of this film made a script which is too much like the original and too much similar to the original that he decided to remake it. If you're looking for a cheap thrill, look elsewhere. If your film is any good, you're better off taking the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the first few minutes of this movie, I just couldn't believe how stupid it was. It looked like an action film, but not like any of the ones I've seen before. The acting was terrible, the story was awful, the direction was absolutely awful, and the music was absolutely terrible. The best part of this film was probably the ending. The ending was so stupid and unbelievable, it actually ruined the movie for me.  It was absolutely unbearable. I felt like I was watching an action movie, but the director wanted to make it look like an "action" film. All I saw were "cool" looking "bad guys" and "cool girls". The only part of the movie I liked was the "cool guy" and the "bad guy" that killed the bad guy and the girl. I just felt like it was just an action flick.  The only good thing was the scene where the girl played by "Jessica Della Penn" died, and that's because the director didn't make it too sad. I really wanted to see the girl get killed, because she was one of my favorite characters. That was the only part I liked in the movie.  I'm really disappointed that this movie even exists. It was horrible. If you like action movies, then you can watch this movie... but I wouldn't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so unoriginal and poorly executed. I know some people are going to say this was made in the 60s or 70s but this film was released in 2010. I was wondering how it was made. It's so unbelievable that the filmmakers didn't realize that there was no place to make a movie like this. The plot is completely useless and boring. The only reason this movie is good is because of the cast. There is no reason why a film made for a TV audience couldn't be just as entertaining as a film for a theatre audience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this and found it hard to believe that a studio could be making such a low budget horror flick without some kind of budget. It was so low budget that it was almost impossible to believe. The only reason I even bothered seeing it was because I read that it starred Jack Nicholson, who I had not heard of before. I was very disappointed in this flick. I know that there are horror fans out there who will be disgusted by this flick, but I was just very disappointed. It is very hard to tell when a movie has no budget and is a complete waste of money.  The acting was so poor that it made it impossible to care about any of the characters. It wasn't a horror movie because it was a low-budget movie. It's just that the script and the direction failed to deliver. I could care less about the plot because it didn't make sense. I just felt that it didn/didn't make any sense.  It just felt like a waste of time. The special effects and effects were bad. You can't tell how much effort was put into it and what was wasted. It just didn't feel right. It could have been a really good movie, but it wasn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not the sort of film that I usually recommend, but the reason I made it is that I saw it on a DVD set of "The History of Horror". That film had the original title of "Halloween Horror Film", but there was an attempt to change it. The title was taken from "Hocus Pocus" by the late Vincent Price, which I believe is the original name of the movie. "Hip Horror" would have been the correct title for this film. It's not an original horror film, it's not even a good horror film.  It has one of the worst soundtracks I've ever heard, but somehow it manages to sound like something from "Screams of a Dead Crowd". It has no story, no suspense, no tension, and no real scares. There are scenes where characters are just running from camera to camera. There is one scene where the camera is stuck on a car, and it makes no sense at all, and that scene is probably the worst I've heard.  The story isn't very good either. There's nothing particularly original, there's no suspense in it, it really just seems to be a bunch of characters talking about horror movies that were made back in the 60's and 70's. I know, it makes sense. But it's really not a good movie.  "Hitchcock's Haunting" is better than this movie, and I doubt that it will be shown again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has the usual issues that come with movies of this genre - not a single real climax, the whole movie is too slow to get to the end of the movie, and the story just seems to drag on.  But this is not the worst movie of the bunch, in fact it is one of the worst movies of the year. In fact, I can only conclude that the director has never been able to make anything better, and he really has no talent. I give it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie once and it was a complete disappointment to me. Not because of the acting or script but because of how the movie tries to make you think it's a horror movie.  It has no logic and no story. Just some sort of dream-like hallucination. I can't believe the director was not fired for this. It was the worst movie I have ever seen.  The script is terrible, the actors are terrible, and the acting is very flat. It is the worst B-Movie I have seen in my life.  I can only conclude that it was made for people who really don't understand horror movies, or people who think that they should only make movies that have plot. If you are making a B-movie, then don't make one. Make a horror-movie with a story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has very little to recommend it. There's no plot, no plot development, no direction, nothing.  I really hope this film never gets made and I really do hope that there is no sequel.  A sequel to a movie: "The Worst Movie Ever". The director has been on the job for 6 years now and this movie has failed to be good.  It is a really boring movie. The actors are not good, the plot is not interesting. The only reason I'm giving this movie 4 out of 10 is because of the fact that it's not an American remake. This movie could have been a hit-or-miss American remake with the cast of this movie, but with a cast of "The Lost World" (Lance G. Williams) and "The Sixth Sense" (Sylvester Stallone), it could have done better. The plot is very shallow and boring. The movie has a lot of bad effects and is a bit too slow to actually have an effect on you.  The actors do not deserve to be actors. This is not an actor's role, this is a director's role. This was made to make a name for itself. I give the director a 1 out of 20 for a really, really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a huge fan of "The Naked Gun" films, but I thought this was a bad film. I was disappointed when I saw the trailer and then I saw this trailer and was disappointed even more. The acting was not great. The action was weak. It looked like the movie was made for 10 people and the actors were only in it for a couple minutes each. The story seemed to be about a girl and a guy. I found that quite boring. I don't know what they did to make the girl's face look so hideous. I think the director was not very good either. I would have liked it better if the movie were more like "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre".  I thought the ending was really cheesy. I felt like I was watching "A Nightmare on Elm Street". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few weeks ago I saw this film in a local movie theater and it was pretty funny, I laughed my ass off at the beginning of it. Then the credits rolled and the first thing I noticed was the fact that it was over 2 hours long. And I know what you're thinking. "It's a comedy! It's a film about comedy! How long is that film going to be? How long did the director make this film? How much was he paid? Did he go to school? How did he make the film? This is all so unbelievable. How can a film like this get made?" Well, the first reason is that I am a movie buff and I like movies that are not so long. It's not that I dislike long movies, it's just that they are not the most exciting to watch. Second reason is the fact it was shot in slow motion. This was probably the only way to do it without the movie playing too fast for your liking. It wasn't a good movie, it was just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't even know where to begin with this review, and I'm sorry if I'm coming off as harsh.  I just want to say that there was one main problem. It's impossible to tell what the plot is supposed to be, and what's supposed to happen to the characters. All I can tell you is that the story is slow, and boring. I don a lot of bad movies, but this one is pretty low on the list. I didn't care about the story, but I don' t care about seeing a movie where nobody knows what's going on.  This movie is really hard to find on video. It should have never made it onto DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem with this movie is the constant lack of action. This movie is filled with novices and novities, yet has a main villain (played by Paul Giamatti). It's not that he's the villain but the way he acts in the movie. He doesn't like anything at all, and has a habit of getting killed off. That is what makes this movie so lame. I mean, even the title of the movie was "Brucie".  The plot isn't the problem. The problem is the script. The director and the writer have no talent. They just use a lot of clichs, and that is why this movie has such a bad script. If the movie would have been done by a professional writer then it would have at least been a 3 out of 10.  The only good thing about this movie are the trailers. They're pretty cool. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really hated this movie, it made me sick to my stomach. The acting was horrible, the story was weak, and the acting was terrible. There was only one good thing about it, it was the original cover art. I had to have it on my wall for a year.  If you're looking for a low budget horror flick, don't buy this one.  I saw this film in theaters, and it looked like a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am sure that the people who made this movie really didn't really know what they were doing. The ending and ending scene are so incredibly cheesy that it could have been better suited to the 1980s. In fact, it was so awful that I actually laughed during the entire time.  The only saving grace is that it's very unlikely to be released on DVD. But, it still ruined my life.  I would rather see a movie like "The Return of the King", or "The Lion King", where the king has all his hair and is playing in a rock band, rather than a movie about a movie that ends in a really cheesy cliffhanger, and then the king is playing a guitar, and his friend is playing an electric guitar, even though it doesn't have all the same parts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so excited to see this film, and it was supposed to be the next big sci-fi thriller. It is very unoriginal, and the script was so flat, it's impossible to understand what is going on. And the acting was so bad that it actually felt like I was watching a film I had seen on TV.  And then I realized that the film was made in Japan. I didn't understand Japanese, but I do speak English and I can understand the characters. The Japanese script was incredibly stupid. There was a really annoying voice over, and some really silly and awkward scenes.  A couple of the actors seemed to be having a bad time.  I'm sure that the director and actors did their best. The script was really badly written, and there was absolutely no reason to make it. It was a very poor excuse for a Hollywood thriller. The film seemed like it was made just to show the Japanese. I wish I hadn't seen it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is basically a poorly made version of "Titanic", only the plot is completely nonsensical. It was directed by a guy who directed "Swingers", which was a pretty terrible film, so he decided to use this movie to make "Titans". It's pretty obvious that the director has a lot of ideas that could have been used in "Titania", but he decided not to use them. In the end, we got a pretty boring movie that has almost nothing to do with the actual story. In fact, you'll probably get bored after watching it. It's also a little hard to believe that the cast is good enough to have made a movie of this caliber. I found most of them really annoying, even if they're in it. I'd say it was a waste of their talents, but it's probably a good idea for a movie to start with some bad actors.  The cast is pretty much the same as the previous "Till Death Do Us Part" and "Tremors". I'd like to say I'm glad they made this one instead of "Dangerous Liaisons".  This is a really bad movie that I can only recommend for the most obvious reason. I wish it would be made into an actual film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was supposed to be about a real-life event that happened at a high school in Texas.  The movie tries to tell the story of the massacre, but it's a total joke. No one was killed. In the movie, the killer was a former student who was a member of the Nazi party. He is portrayed as a sympathetic character, so it's hard to tell if the story is true. It makes no sense. No matter how you look at it, it's just a joke. I can't believe that they actually made a movie about a massacre that didn't happen.  I don't know why they made it. I mean, it is supposed to have been a real event, right? How could it not be true? And why was it made a joke? I don was hoping for a better movie. The way it was made made was ridiculous.   The story is not believable at all. There are no clues as to what actually happened. There is no evidence of what really happened.  Don't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what I call a "bad movie". The acting is awful. The directing is poor. The story is completely unbelievable. It should have been a comedy with an over-the-top twist at the end, instead it was a cheap horror movie with a weak script. I found it so hard to suspend my disbelief that I kept waiting for something to happen. Nothing did, and nothing was resolved. I kept watching the credits roll, hoping there was something there that could be the next "BEST EVER".   I was hoping that the director and writer were both so intelligent that they could have created something better. I mean, I am sure that they are smart, but they should have just made this "BEWARE ME" movie and stuck to a more believable script. The script was not even remotely funny, and I would not give them the benefit of the doubt that they had written something so good.   If you are looking for a horror movie, go buy a movie: It isn't worth your time. This is just a cheap, lame horror flick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is impossible to believe that such a movie was made.  The characters are all bland and boring. Even though the movie is full of ridiculous gore and sex scenes, it makes no effort to add anything to the story or add any sort of plot. The acting is pathetic and the direction is awful. I don't know why the makers of this film thought they could make a decent film without any direction.  And what a sad ending! The story doesn't make sense at all. Why did they kill off the entire cast? How could they leave out all of the key characters? The film doesn't even make sense.  It was clearly made for money. They had a script and they needed a big hit for a film. It was like a bunch of kids made a film about a gang. The only way they could get a big enough budget was to make this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete embarrassment. It is so completely stupid, it is beyond belief. The movie is so devoid of logic, character development, and even any semblance of originality that it's a wonder it survived through three days of public release.  If you are a fan of the show, then you will not like this movie. If you like to see stupid, violent, and cheesy action movies, then this movie will probably appeal to you. If not, then the only thing I can say is that it was better before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so, so, bad. Why anyone thinks that it's good or funny, I don't know. But it is. I have seen it, so I can say it's not worth seeing at all. I was really hoping that the cast was a bit better than average, but they weren't. The actors all seemed like they were trying to do their best. But they didn't. I don the whole thing was like a slow moving train wreck, with no sense of direction. I'd like to believe that the actors were simply struggling to pull together their characters, but it's hard to believe. The plot is just awful, and there are so many problems with the acting that I can't even begin to talk about them.  So, the question becomes, what are they expecting to get out of it? Do they expect us to be entertained? Or do they expect money? I'd have expected to see a little more talent in this film, but that didn't happen. So, I can only conclude that they don't really know how to make a film good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was a complete non-starter, even for the low-budget film. It's really not worth the time to watch it. The actors are so awful that it's not funny, it's really just pathetic.  I was expecting something better. I think I got a very cheap thrill out of watching this.  But, it was so boring and pointless. I kept thinking it was going to turn into some sort of horror film, but it never did. And I'm a huge fan of horror, I like to see what's going to happen. This was so predictable and predictable and I just gave up. It made me feel like I was watching a bad horror movie.  The ending was even worse. I was hoping it would end, but I kept waiting for it to get worse. It never did, it just got worse. The ending is basically a re-enactment of the beginning. But it's just like any other re-edited version, just not funny or interesting.  All in all, it isn't a bad film, it is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is quite good, but the plot line and direction are both awful.  This film tries to have it all - the romance, the intrigue, the tension, the danger, the sex, and so forth. It's just all so...so boring. It never gets interesting enough to stay interesting for an hour and a half. The plot gets stuck in a way of repeating itself - the characters are all the same, and the same old boring plot lines are trotted out over and over again. I've seen worse in movies, but this is the worst I've ever seen.  It just gets boring. And that's not even all of it - the acting is bad and so are the effects. There are some decent special effects, but they are so far removed from the reality that they are not believable.  If you're looking for a bad film to watch, I highly recommend avoiding this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a movie reviewer, but I felt like I had to write a negative assessment. After all, I had seen this film for years and years, and had never seen a movie that was so poorly directed, so poorly acted, so terribly written, so boring. The acting was as lifeless as the characters' faces. The writing was so incoherent that I could barely understand what the characters were saying, much less care to care about them. It's not just a film that you can laugh at, it's a film where you get nothing but boredom. And if you're a fan of films that are bad, don't waste your time with this one.  If you want a really bad movie, watch this. If you're not, go ahead and watch this movie anyway, as I can't imagine why anyone would watch it. It just seems like it's not worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is just not even worth mentioning, and I was watching it in my car in the middle of nowhere with my wife, who is a big fan of old movies. The story is just so weak and unbelievable, the actors are bad and the cinematography is awful. The plot is just too far off from the truth. I wish that I had seen the first episode.  I hope this is the last time I see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand how the makers of this film could have allowed themselves to produce it. It is clearly a poorly written script and the acting is awful.  The plot is predictable and so is the ending, although it's still disappointing. The film looks and feels like it has been made up on the spur of the moment. The director has obviously no idea how to make a movie, because he has made a bunch of other films in his time. This one will likely be remembered as one of his most notorious mistakes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie once before on TV. I had been watching the movie for years in my younger days and was so bored I wanted to make the movie again, so I watched the trailer again, but this time with a new twist. It was the same old story, but the ending was completely different.  I didn't really understand why the ending wasn't a classic "I'm not giving you the movie! It's a movie! I'm telling you how I want it to end!" ending. I'm not even sure if the movie was made in 1993 or 1995, but it certainly looked old.  All I know is that the movie looked like it was made for children. And it wasn't. The movie didn't even have a script. The only script I know for this movie was the one in the DVD of the movie that I used for reference. It wasn't even a script, it was just a collection of drawings.  The movie was very short and was probably only 4 minutes long. The story line was extremely predictable, and that's not a good thing. I mean, if I've heard that ending before, it's been the same every time.  If you are one of those people who likes movies with lots of explosions and gore and stuff like that, you will probably find this movie to be just fine. If you aren't, then you will find this one just annoying and irritating.   I would like to point out that this movie has been shown to me several times since, and has been made into a movie twice. In that case, it would have been good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It has no story, characters or plot. And the only redeeming point was the fact that it was really, really violent. And I do mean really violent - like bloody and gross. There is no way to redeem this mess.   The acting was pretty bad. I can only imagine how much worse it would have been if the actors were good.  It is not a very good movie, but it was worth seeing because it was so, so violent. I gave it 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe the actors were that stupid to believe their role in this. And I'm a huge fan of Tom Selleck, and I really liked his movie "Lolita". I think that this is the worst movie I've ever seen. I mean, it has the worst acting, and the worst script. I'm still watching this video to see the actors' reactions to the footage of the movie. I can only imagine the "real life" reaction of the actors in the movie, which is completely stupid and ridiculous. I wonder what Tom Sellacks reaction will be.   I do understand the movie is made to promote the movie "Rocky", but this movie is terrible and there is no need to watch this crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the reason why the title is so obscure is because the movie was supposed to be a sequel to "The Dark Knight Returns" and in fact the movie starts off by revealing the story of Batman as a character that is still a legend today. However, this movie didn't do much to convince me and I thought it was a waste of time. There are some great scenes but it's too bad that they weren't used more to develop the story. This movie is a complete disappointment because it's a bad attempt at remaking the first movie and it's just plain bad. It looks like it was made in 1995 and the acting is bad, the special effects look like they were made in the 70's and the cinematography is terrible.  It's a waste that Warner Bros. wasted time on this but they should have made a movie from the first one. The Dark Knight is still an amazing film, and this movie isn't even that good. It was like the producers decided to copy the first two movies and try to create a sequel that they knew would be even worse. It's really sad because it would have been the greatest Batman movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was pretty good, but what the hell was this, a sequel to "The Man Who Killed Hitler"? What were they thinking with that? Why even have a sequel? The only thing that made this movie better was the special effects, which are obviously not that good. I mean, what are the Nazis going to do when they come to America? They're going to fight back, of course. But what about America? Are they going to let it happen, or not? There's no way to know, because they never show the American soldiers, but I'm guessing they would have shown them if they were in the trenches, because the trenches are very similar to the trenches in the movie. It was also strange that they showed the "Hitler" speaking in a very American accent. It's like they wanted to make him a little more American. And I know, it was supposed to be a German movie, but you couldn't tell by looking at the subtitles.   "Hitloser" is not even an action movie, it's a movie about how Hitler killed Hitler, and then killed himself. I have no idea why they made it this way. I don't think they even tried to explain what they meant by "Hitlight". They must have thought they were doing a documentary, but it was actually just a way to sell the movie to the American people. I know a lot of people think this movie is great, but that is just the American way of thinking. It isn't true anymore, but people still like to watch movies about "Hitleheads". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie as a pre-teen when it came out and it was not much of a success at all. It's a bad, boring movie about a couple of people that are going to go to a really bad place and get killed. I found the story really boring and the acting was really bad. The guy that I saw in the movie was very irritating and not believable. He had really bad lines and I found myself having to watch the entire movie over and over again to try to figure out if he was in fact the villain. I was actually pretty pissed off at the time because I had no interest in this movie whatsoever and I still can't watch it without thinking about it.  The movie was so boring and so poorly acted that it made me wish that I had never seen this movie. I would have liked to have seen some of the dialogue and the other people in the film, but I'm sure the movie wouldn't have gotten much ratings anyway. If you're looking for something that you think would be entertaining to watch, just go buy the movie. The movie doesn't even have a score of 100, so don't waste your time. If anything, you would just like to see the movie where it was so good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pretty basic action film, and it does not do anything particularly remarkable. The movie is about an ordinary person who falls from his horse, and then is forced to fight off the zombies. It is about as good as you can expect a low budget horror film to be.  There is a few things about the film that I like, however. It has the best set-up of all the zombie films. The zombies don't seem to know how to shoot, or how to eat people. The film's final boss-battle, however, was completely pointless. The only zombie I actually felt bad for was that guy who was the one who got the biggest laugh at the beginning. The acting is very bad. Some people are going to see this movie and think it's really good. I'd recommend not watching this film unless you are a horror aficionado. It's not a fun ride, but it's an insult to the horror genre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The concept behind this film is really, really stupid.  The story is weak, the characters aren't interesting enough, the humor is poor and the acting is awful.  It's just not worth watching.  This is a film that was intended to scare the hell out of people, but it only serves to confuse them. The only good thing about this film are the special effects and the fact that it was directed by the original director, Michael Bay. The other part of this film's rating is that it doesn't even make sense. I mean, it's not even clear what the plot is supposed to be!  If you're a fan of Michael Bay's work and don't want to waste your time, don't waste it watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting this film to be a comedy but the film was boring. It was all about the characters and I never felt connected to any of them. I can only give it 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so disappointing because the first two movies were so good. This movie is a complete waste of time and money. The plot was so lame and the acting was so bad that it is almost unbelievable that the director and producer even agreed to make it. I don't know what the director was thinking, because they should have just made the first 2 movies and moved on to the third movie.  The only good thing about this movie was that the cast and crew members were good. It was just so bad, and the director should have been fired for making such a bad waste of money. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. If you want to see a film that was so awful, don't watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of the movie, it says that there is a "secret room" and that you can only find it after you have completed the game. After the "secret" room has been discovered, the player has to enter the "true room" which is where the "boss" resides. In the game, the "Boss" is a woman named "The Queen". I really thought this was an interesting premise but the movie made no sense and was extremely slow-moving and boring. There was no point in the movie when the boss had to do anything and the movie never seemed to end. The only part of the game I liked was the fact that the movie was filmed with a very low-budget, so you could clearly see the camera moving and that there was no background score to create the atmosphere.  In one scene, you see the main character walk past a couple of soldiers and the soldier gets shot in the back. The screen goes black and the main camera starts moving. When the camera comes back to the main screen, you can hear a soldier talking to another soldier. This scene should have been a lot more interesting, because you should have heard them talking during the entire movie. However, the movie didn't have any idea what to do with this and just moved along. There were also times when the movie seemed to try to have an ending that wasn't in the game (which is why the movie ends with the main villain's name being revealed). The movie also had a lot of unnecessary stuff in it. The "secret box" should have stayed out of the way and only the "True Room" should be found.  The movie had one redeeming point though. It was a very well done horror film, but it should have only been done better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was one of the worst I have seen since seeing the "Walking Dead" in 2008. It's one of those movies that just isn't worth watching, and I have since seen it on DVD. This is one of three of the "Zombie Trilogy" that is so bad that it is worth calling out to the people who are reviewing it.  The actors, the directing, and the production cost this movie an estimated $80 million dollars. That means that if it cost $10 million, then the movie would be worth $10,000,000. And that is not even the worst.  This is so terrible that even the actors are complaining. I know that you are supposed to do the best with the script, but I can't believe that you would waste all that time on something that is such a waste. If you have time to sit down and read my review, do so, but don't waste your time on this crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so bad I can't even call it a comedy.  It just has nothing to do with a comedy and everything to do about making a joke about the bad movie industry. It is so unbelievable I have to say it made me laugh once and I laughed. However, this was just the tip of the iceberg. I'm sure this film is intended to be funny, but the script is so awful that I can only assume the director and writer were just bored and wanted to make a joke that was not in their script. It also has no point at all. You know that you are watching a bad film, but even worse is when you are so bored with the film that you actually have to watch it in the hope that the film will actually be funny.  If you want to laugh, don't bother. Just watch your TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an over-the-top comedy from a group of three very talented actors, but the story never works and the script is so stupid, that the movie gets a score of 2. It is so badly directed and the acting is so amateurish that I'm afraid it will only make you laugh once and then you will cry. I gave it a 2 because the other two stars, Jim Caviezel and Sarah Lynn, are better than the actors who made this movie. I would give this movie a 1 because the story, acting, and humor are all so much better.  This movie has a lot of potential, but unfortunately it just fades away with no hope of redemption. This is a really bad movie. If you want to see something that is very funny, watch a good comedy like "The Nutty Professor". This movie is really not funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a poor attempt at a science fiction film. It's too much like a bunch of people talking in an old-fashioned way (for instance, the names of the actors, locations, etc.) that makes the movie look so amateurish. The story and characters are not interesting, not particularly believable, and the ending doesn't make sense either. The movie looks like an old horror movie with some sort of cheesy special effects thrown in for fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title says it all. This is a comedy/horror film, where a bunch of actors in the original movies are replaced by actors in this one. It isn't even a comedy! It's really just a bunch guys in the woods. They're not scary! It is just bad.  It's pretty much a rip-off of "Horror on the Orient Express", except the monster in this is an old man. This isn't the only one of these movies I have seen. The ones that are not this bad are very entertaining, but this one really doesn't deserve to be in a theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think there are two important things to mention here, the fact that it was made in Japan and the fact it was released in Japan. This is probably a major reason why it was a very poor movie and not a very good one. I would like to point out that the movie does have a few good moments but they were few and far between. There is a scene in it where a Japanese soldier is talking to a woman. He is talking about the Japanese army and the "badness" of it and she is talking and asking him to tell her about it and he responds by saying that it's "nothing". He is actually talking about it, not what is going on in the movie. The whole movie is like that. A girl is talking, and then a soldier is doing something to her and then she tells him that she is pregnant and then the soldier leaves. A short time later the soldier returns and the girl is still in the same state as she was before. I don't know how he could be in such a state with a pregnant girl. That's like a kid saying "I'm going to kill my mom".  It's really not that bad but I did find it very hard to suspend my disbelief to some degree. It's not that this is a bad film, but it is just so... so... un-good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. Not just the story line, but the acting, direction and the animation is horrible. I could have done without this movie.  I mean it's not like they made it from scratch, but it still took them three days to finish it. I think they should have just made a different movie and put it out there.   I don't know why they didn't put the DVD on DVD and make a trailer. If I was making a video for a class, I'd have made one with all the parts. I would have just added a little bit more of a commentary and then done the DVD.  It just didn't deserve to be in theaters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The concept behind this film was a good one but the execution was lacking. The story is too predictable and the acting was very predictable. I would give it a 1/10. If you are looking for a good horror film then I would recommend avoiding this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole thing just turned me off from seeing this movie.  I mean, just how bad was the script? And how was it that the story didn't make sense? It's like the characters are talking in slow motion and don't have the mental faculties to understand what they're talking about. There's no real reason for these characters to be in this situation.  It was like they couldn't come up with a script that was more than just a bunch of dialogue and plot.  The story is a waste of time. The characters were terrible, and even worse, the plot was so confusing that it made me question what the hell was going on.  In short, the whole thing was a complete waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an attempt to create a comedy that appeals to the 'hardcore' audience, this movie attempts to make fun of the old, classic horror movies, but fails spectacularly. In fact, it just plain sucks. In this case, it's not a straight parody of the original movies. It's just a crude, awful, low-budget, low quality rip-off of them. There's no real story line or plot to speak of. There are no monsters, no special effects, nothing really to recommend this movie.  It's a cheap horror movie that really just wants to be scary, but does so poorly. It tries to be so much like the movies it's mimicking, but they just can't have anything to do with the movies.  The plot, in a nutshell, is this. A woman is trying to escape from a haunted house, and so she decides to hide in the attic. She is attacked by the old woman, and is almost killed. However, the old lady manages to escape the attic, and in her efforts to save herself, she kills the woman who was hiding in the room. She escapes through a window, but ends up falling down a dark cellar. The old woman is then killed by the monster.  Unfortunately, this is the weakest part of the movie. The original monsters were fun and scary. The monsters in this movie were not scary, and the monster wasn't even scary at all. It was so boring, you would think that this was an original monster movie made up of parts from the original. The monster is an old woman that was killed by an old man that lived in the house, so you know what kind of movie this is. The movie is just an attempt at a cheap, low budget horror movie. If you want to see a good, old fashioned horror movie, this isn't it.  I recommend skipping this movie and skipping the other ones. It just isn't worth the effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts with a man with an iron gun in a circus. He is killed in the middle of a freak show. The circus turns into a place where people are taken and tortured by some sort of alien or animal. I thought the film was about circus freak show (with the twist of aliens or animals) but it's not. It's about a man named Walter Sullivan (Michael Biehn). He is a former circus freak who was killed by the circus. A circus freak comes out and wants to see him and says he will kill him if he doesn't show him what he wants. Sullivan tries to kill the freak but he doesn' t succeed. So he gets some sort a gun and kills the circus freak and goes into the circus house. It was an attempt at a horror movie.  It had a very boring ending. The plot is about a clown who has a gun but the clown doesn't shoot anybody. He just keeps running. He meets a little girl and gets some money for her. After he kills a few clowns he meets the girl's sister. They all meet in the room and get into an argument and she tells him that there are clowns everywhere and he must be scared. He gets scared and shoots the little girl in the back. The little girl dies and then Sullivan gets some clowns to come and kill him too. He has to shoot all of them and he kills some of them. After the end there is no suspense. It just ends. The movie is awful. The clown was a joke.  If you have to see it you shouldn't waste your time. It wasn't any good. It looked like it was made with a cheap movie camera. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a friend who loved this movie and I was hoping to see him in it. I got the ticket with my friend who had never seen it before and I had to watch it all.  The acting was bad, the plot was nonsensical and the story never progressed. This movie was just plain boring. The only good thing was the music. It was really hard to listen to and the sound effects were terrible. I was really hoping to get it on DVD and gave it a one and a half because it was just so bad. I gave it to my friend and she got the same reaction, I was surprised. I'm sure you'll like it better if you watch it on a video or DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was supposed to be a film by the "D" and "S" members of the W.P.O.P.'S. This was supposed have a certain amount of depth to it but this did not happen. This film is nothing but a lot of nonsense, a lot like the last one. I thought it was the same as the previous one but it wasn't. The acting was terrible, the story line was unbelievable and the direction was awful. The only redeeming factor was the great soundtrack, but that was nothing compared to what I have seen from other films in the same genre. The film just felt like a waste of time.  I would give it a 3/10 if I could. I did like the music. I just wish that they could have left the movie alone a bit longer. It's really too bad that it was made as an indie film. It could have been an interesting and well made film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a remake of a German movie from the 70s. I was expecting something much better, and boy was I disappointed.  This movie isn't a good remake of an original film, it's a cheap remake. I really thought this was going to be a great remake, but it just turned out to be one of the worst remake I've seen.  The story is just a little bit predictable, the acting is really bad and it's just a waste of time, even for an average movie.  I give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was so low-budget and over-hyped, I thought it was actually supposed to be one of the worst movies ever made. This movie is a joke and that is why I love the fact that I'm wasting time on it, even though I know the movie is full of crap. It's one of those movies that is so low budget and so over-made that you can't even see the film without a giant white blanket.  This movie was just a horrible mess. I was expecting a great directorial debut, instead, we got an amateur, badly acted, and poorly-written, B-movie.  I would've actually paid to see this if I had known I was spending an hour and 15 minutes watching a movie that was a complete failure of a B-Movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of years ago I watched a bad film called "The Road Home" in a local movie theater. I was surprised to find that it had been made into a video, so I purchased it. I had to leave my car and walk into the store to get it, but it wasn't that hard. It was obvious the video had been edited, and there were only a few moments of "good" parts. I watched it three times, and I only remember one scene where the camera pans to a group of men and there are two men that look like they are about to shoot the first person in the movie.  The only thing that saved it from the "worst" rating was the fact that it was called "Road Home." I hope that people do not buy "Road" because of the video, or because they think it is "awesome," but to be honest I would just throw it away and never buy it again.  I found it hilarious that people who had actually watched the movie did not like it at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an example of how Hollywood can ruin a good movie: a very predictable plot, and very low budget. It's got a very poor acting performance from William H. Macy.  The script was quite interesting at the start. It had some nice twists and turns, but it went on to be an utter disappointment. The cinematography was very bland, and the editing was just terrible. The acting was also quite bad, but the plot was too predictable for a movie with such a poor script. The whole thing felt like a bad, rushed attempt at a comedy. I could not care less about the actors or their characters. It was just awful.  I would have given it a 1/10. I would rate it lower than a 1 if it were made by a studio with a decent budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst horror movie I've seen in a long time, ever. It is so incredibly stupid, and so utterly lacking in any sense of humor or character development that it is almost impossible to enjoy it. The acting is not good either, but that doesn't stop the viewer from seeing it anyway. This movie is the perfect example of how you can be so desperate for a horror movie and turn out to be completely and utterly moronic. This is a waste of time, and should be avoided at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on Netflix and it was just plain awful. There was a lot of editing and the film seemed to have been done by an underpaid crew who wanted to try to pull off a low budget, poorly-executed movie. The acting was horrible, the plot was ridiculous, the direction was awful, the camera was horrible and the sound was terrible. I think they should have stuck to the original version, because the film had a great cast and a decent script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just came across this movie and I'm just blown away by how terrible it is. I have watched it three times and can't even get through the first hour of the movie without having it ruined. The actors are so wooden, the dialog is so unbelievable, and the story has no real direction. There's just no end to it, it's just so terrible, you just want to throw it away. And the story itself is so poorly told, it just comes out of nowhere. This is a movie that I wish was a bad horror movie and not a low budget horror movie.  I don't like horror movies and I've watched them a hundred times and I don?t remember any of them ever being this bad. This movie just screams at the screen for attention. The plot is so poor that you could easily imagine it to be the last three minutes of a really bad movie. The story is so badly written and the actors don?te no direction that you wonder why they are in this movie at all.  If you want to see a bad film that just screams for attention, don?ts go see this movie. It?s so bad, you want it to get worse and worse until it falls apart. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film on TV.  The plot was very confusing. The acting was bad, but not nearly as bad as the dialogue. I had to sit through the entire film and it was absolutely awful. The actors and the director could have done better with their characters if they had paid attention to the script, because there was not a single line in the script that made sense. I'm sure there are people who will enjoy this film, but I did not. I think this film should have been rated a 1 or 2. If you're looking for a low-budget B-movie that is more of a comedy than a horror movie, go for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins with a montage of images from the life of a young man who is trying to get a job in a factory. After the montage, the man enters the factory and discovers the job is only temporary. The man is about to start working, when he sees the woman he's sleeping with in the factory. The woman is a prostitute. The two of them go to the factory's main office and get into a confrontation. The girl is murdered and the killer runs away.  This is one of the worst movies I've seen. It has nothing to do with the movie. It's not a mystery movie, nor is it an action movie, but it has nothing in common with anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was disappointed to find that the "The Book of the Damned" movie is based on the original book by Arthur C. Clarke. I guess he had some kind of legal problem. The book has a whole lot of plot holes and it is an exercise in poor production values. In the book there are only 3 major characters. The movie has a few characters but they are the most unlikable. In one scene a man in a wheelchair is punched by a woman in a high heels.  There is a lot of violence but it is only when it is directed at the characters. I found the movie to be very low budget. The actors do not appear in a convincing way. The script is completely uninteresting. The idea of a "fantasy" story about a boy who is a "cursed child" has never been a good idea. I cannot see how a movie about a cursed child could have won an award. It has to be a horror movie but a horror is much more interesting than a book about a "vampire" and it would be a shame to see this one get such an award for this type of movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just as much about as it is about a young lady with a big, sadistic and self-centered boyfriend as it's about her father and sister. There's a few moments of hilariously bad acting and writing, but they don't detract from the overall lack of anything worthwhile. This is a movie I would have expected to be really good at its best, but it's just not. It's boring, slow, predictable and boring. I'd watch a better movie, not this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this movie is so bad I'm shocked the director wasn't fired for it. There's no point in watching it unless you want to see the worst thing you've ever seen. I would rate this movie in the worst category, but then again I was 14 when I watched this.  I'm not going to give it a 1 star rating because it's not the worst movie I've ever witnessed. I rate it as a 2 or 3, if you're into that sort of thing. It's probably the worst comedy I've seen in my life, and that includes the other movies I've watched in the past week. But, to give you an idea of what this movie was like, the movie has 4 out of 10 on IMDb, and I'm sorry but that's just how bad this movie gets. I'd rate it an 8 or 9, and it would have been a 10.  It's just a very, very, VERY bad movie. I know some people who are going to love it, but the rest of us are going down. If you like that sort, this is probably not going down in the best way.  The story was so bad it's funny and that's not even an insult.   I really hope the studio didn't fire the director because I want to know why he did this. If this was a comedy he should have had more luck with that.  This movie makes me want to throw up my popcorn and never watch another comedy ever again. I'll see it again if I'm in the mood, and then again when it's a family movie or something that isn't so bad. But if you don't like this kind of thing, then don't waste your time with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was nothing really interesting in the movie. It had no direction or plot, and no real idea what it was supposed to be. The characters seemed to be doing the same old thing over and over again, and nothing was even remotely believable. I gave it 2 stars, because the movie was very short, but I felt that it deserved at least 3.  I guess I'm just a sucker for a big action film that has no originality, and I really wanted to see if this film would be as bad as the trailer made it seem. Well, it isn't. It's really, really boring. I wish the producers of this film could have gotten the best out of someone else, because they were terrible in the directing department. They should have hired someone better than they did, because there is no reason that this film should be as terrible as it is.  The only good part of the movie is the title. It makes it sound like a good movie, but in fact it's just not a very good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a fan of the TV series "Doctor Who", so when I heard that Steven Moffat had decided to make a spin-off movie, I was excited.  The whole idea was that "Doctor" should not have gone on to the screen, and that it should be relegated to a video tape, with its focus on "Doctor".  In this movie, the Doctor is a man of action and adventure, and he is portrayed by Christopher Eccleston. Christopher EccLeston is a good actor, and his character is more than average in the way that he tries to be believable and not just a joke. However, Christopher Ecc Leston's performance is very weak. I felt that he was just trying to be funny.  Christopher Ecc leston was just awful.  I don't know how he got it so far. Maybe he just came in on his day off, and it wasn't as good as he thought. This movie is so bad that I can't recommend it to anyone, not even to show them how to make movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating for this is below an average one. But it is an insult to say that there was even a chance of a decent film made by people with this kind of taste.  In fact I have to say, I would give an average rating of one to two for this movie. It is just plain awful. It has all the elements of a bad film - it is over-rated, it is too long, it lacks in any real character development, it has no real suspense, it feels like a waste of time and money. It makes me feel that I was the only person in the world who could make a movie like this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this and was very disappointed, I'm very embarrassed to see how my childhood was so wasted. The story seemed so weak and the actors were horrible! I can't believe that such a low budget was able to make this movie as bad as it was.  I really hope that the makers of this movie will come up with something better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title says it all, I'm sorry, but this movie is just plain stupid. I mean, seriously, just how can the actors act so badly? Why do they keep on having to put on this stupid, stupid, boring, and pointless show. I'll just let it sink to the bottom of the sea, just for you guys.  Oh, and just so you know, I've seen the original. It's better.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's very, very hard to review this movie, but since I'm writing a negative one I'll try. First off, the plot is pretty lame, it seems that the writer had no clue what a movie is about to begin with and therefore decided to just throw a bunch of plot twists together. But the rest of the acting is pretty bad, especially the actress who plays the girlfriend.  And the movie is not very good in general, it's like a B-movie with very little plot. You can get through it, but it's pretty much impossible to finish. There are too many scenes that don't make any sense and some that just make you think, 'what the hell was that for?' and there are some that really make you want to throw up. This is really an awful movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a bit disappointed to see how I was expected to like this movie. The story line was just so predictable and the acting was so flat and lifeless.  The whole movie was just one big mess of scenes and not even a plot. The actors didn't even try to give us anything interesting to remember.  In fact, the movie has no story at all. All they do is show you how much of a bitch the other guy is and how much you need to help him. It was a very poor movie and I don't recommend it unless you want to see a very predictable movie where everything falls apart at the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so awful, I had to watch it twice to get it out of my mind! I can only guess that it was made by the same person who made the previous movie "Dawn Of The Dead". It was so bad that I laughed. I found the actors so ridiculous and the story so stupid, that it is hard to imagine how they would be able to act in this type of film. I don't believe there is any script writer or director out there who could have made this film. The acting was so unbelievable, that you might think that the actors had the ability to act, but they didn't. I guess that is what the director and actors wanted.  The acting in this film is pathetic, and that is why it is so bad. I'm amazed that anyone thought that the movie was worth it. I was sick of the acting in the previous film, so I watched the previous two films. I wasn't impressed by the acting either, and I didn't feel like watching the next movie either.  It is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It isn't funny, it isn't scary, it doesn't even make sense. It is just a pile of trash that I didn' make to watch the movie in hopes that it would get me to watch more movies, and they did! This film wasn't even funny, I found it to be a complete waste of time. I wish I could say that it made a difference, but it didn't! It isn't even worth watching! The only reason I give this movie a 7 out of 10 is because it was so awful that I wish the producers and directors were dead! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a really weird plot and the acting is really bad. It seems like it would have been better if the film were made with a good story. The movie is basically a giant advertisement for the TV series "Star Trek", but the plot doesn't make sense.   A huge mistake. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what to say about this. This movie is just awful. It's so boring and uninteresting and has a very low rating on IMDb. The acting is horrible. The storyline is pretty weak and not much can be said about the plot. All the characters seem to have little to do with the plot except for the main character who tries to help a girl who doesn't care for him.   The only redeeming feature of this movie is the beautiful cinematography. The film was edited to look like it was shot in a very dark studio. The editing is so poor that you would never know that you were watching this film. The movie was just plain awful. I just wish that this movie had been shot in the dark studio that it was. The actors are awful. You can tell that they were all drunk and it shows in their performance. The music in the movie was not very good. It could have been a much better movie if the music was a bit more fitting for the setting. I can't believe that this film is even allowed to be shown to people. It should have been burned and thrown into the incinerator.  I can see how some people enjoy this movie because they want to see it in an underground movie theater, but if you want to be entertained then just stay at home and watch something else. I'm giving this movie 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this movie as it came out on DVD and when I watched it again on DVD, I was disappointed. It was so horrible, I didn't even care to watch it again because I couldn't find any way to see what was going on in the movie.  I watched the whole thing in the theater and I don't know if the DVD has it on DVD now. I dont know if I have it on the internet or if I bought it off of a website. The DVD cover had to be ripped off the DVD because I'm guessing it would be too expensive to have the DVD ripped. I've seen this movie in the theaters in the past and I think it's a waste of time. I can't recommend this movie to anyone, even if they've never seen it before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film about an extremely annoying person is what the title says it is, but the film never gets that much better. The only thing that was good was the ending which was very disappointing.  It is definitely a waste of time but it was a waste that could have been better than this. The cast was very bad, the director has no talent at all, and the cinematography was terrible. The story was very predictable and the ending was unsatisfying, but it wasn't awful like some of the others I've seen. It was just a boring and uninteresting mess.  I give this a 2/10 because I thought it was better than most of the other movies in the "dork" genre I've reviewed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't say I blame anyone for seeing this as a good movie when they did. I can say that I wish I had seen the movie before, because I was so thoroughly sick of it, and so sick of the plot. It's so predictable and so dull. I kept expecting something to happen that it never did, and I kept wondering why it didn't happen. I don't know why they made this movie, or why they didn't just go back to the beginning and make a movie that is so much better. I've heard people say that the movie was made in response to the original Star Wars movies. That would make sense, because it seems like it would have made the original films look good. It just seemed like the original movies would have been a lot more entertaining with a little more story to them. I guess this was an attempt to do the original trilogy, but without the same kind of fun that it had with the originals. I thought it was way too boring, and that was the only reason I did not give it a 1. I'll let others give it 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film is made of bits and pieces of other films, sometimes with a plot and sometimes without. This is the case with the film "Mozart In A Nutshell", a sort of horror spoof that takes its plot and direction from a non-horror film made by John Waters.  As I said, there are bits and parts of other movies here, and they have to be given a bit more screen time, but it is not the case here. There is no character development, no dialogue, no direction, and no direction.  The plot is predictable, and the dialog is just as predictable, so it is obvious that this film is a work of parody. The humor in this film consists of nothing but one-liners and gags. This makes the film a nightmare to watch. It's a shame, because it could have been an interesting, if not amusing, piece of work. But it's an abomination. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am sorry but this movie is just really hard to watch. I mean, it's not a good movie, but it's really hard for me to watch the whole thing without getting angry. And I'm not sure if it's just me, or if there are other people who have this problem. Anyway, this movie was made in a completely different time period, and there are no references to the movies from the 70's and 80's. I've read a lot of books and movies about movies and the movies of the 70s and 80s, and I don't think the movie was intended to be an accurate portrayal of movies of that time. This movie isn't even close to accurate, it just shows people doing really stupid things. I am really sad about this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a fan of the show, but I did not enjoy this film.  First off, I thought it was not the best, but it was better than the original show.  The original show was better. The characters were more believable and more relatable.  I was not able to see any of the other actors. It seemed like they were not there for the whole thing.  All of the characters seemed to be actors, but not a lot of them were. Most of the time they were playing themselves. I do think the show could have been better.  One thing that bothered me is that they had all the main actors and they had a director and writer, who I would think should have done a better job. They should have gotten someone else to do the movie.  Some other things I hated was that they didn't have the original cast members and it seemed like the original series was more entertaining. I mean they had the same characters, the same storyline, and the same episodes. The show was a bit less serious, but the original was much more interesting.  It was not worth the 1/10, or even 1/4 rating.   This is a waste of time and I am glad I didn't buy the DVD or Blu-ray. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie looks more like a high school boy's porno-novel than anything else. It's just a total waste of time. No idea how they managed to make this so unbelievably bad.  I'm sure it was a very low budget. I'm hoping that they didn't use the best DVD equipment that I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was nothing more than a waste of time. It didn't even entertain the most basic of my interests. I'm not sure if this was intended to be a comedy or a horror movie, or if the director thought it was supposed to be either. I can't say for sure, but there was absolutely no scares or action or anything remotely interesting. It was more of a waste than the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no plot and really no reason to exist. The movie is about a girl who goes to school and falls in love with a boy who goes there. And so it begins. However, there's no reason at all to believe the movie's premise, which is that this girl is actually in love, or even that the boy is actually going to fall in love. The girl falls in a coma when the boy falls in the same coma. The boy's father, who is also a doctor, is supposed to take care of the girl's condition. But the movie is filled with nothing but bad scenes that show the movie trying to be something it's not. The only thing that really kept me watching this movie was the fact that the movie was actually a musical. This was the only time in the entire movie that I was actually excited to see what was going to happen next.  This is a movie with no reason whatsoever to exist other than to keep the fans of the film interested in watching it. However I can't say that this is a bad film, just a very, very bad movie. If you want to see a movie where a girl falls asleep in a hospital bed, you'll be disappointed, because there's nothing else to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like the original films, but this remake is so much worse. This was supposed to be the "Return of the King", but in reality it's a re-do of the first movie.  In fact, it looks and feels so much like the first that you will think that you've seen it before.  A good movie can have a strong theme, a compelling story and a great cast and a good director, but the first film had it all. The remake does not have that. The only saving grace is the acting. That's all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when I was 10 years old, and I didn't like it at all. I think it was the only movie I saw that showed a woman having sex without any clothes on. I thought it was a very strange movie.  The plot seemed very strange, the dialogue was bad, and the acting was very odd.   I don't think there was any plot to it at least. It was just like an episode of a soap opera with all the actors wearing the same clothes. This movie really didn't make sense to me, it wasn't funny at all, and it made me feel bad for the other characters because they were so stupid and ridiculous. It's probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and if you want to see a movie that looks like it was made by someone who's 13 or 14 years old you can see "Gulliver's Travels" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so incredibly boring and poorly acted. The cast was bad at all parts. It's just plain bad. I give this a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was like watching someone go through an episode of "The X Files" without knowing what the episode was about. It wasn't just a bad film, it was a complete waste of the time of every viewer. There was nothing redeeming about it, just the awful acting, a weak story and an all too obvious lack of creativity. If you have a couple of hours to waste and you don't mind an awful film, I'd recommend a movie called "EVERYTHING ELSE". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story revolves around a couple who are having a baby. After having a miscarriage, the husband and wife decide to get a divorce. However, they do not know that they have been living together in the same house for 10 years. The husband and his brother decide to set up a fake marital home for the wife. They have a son named Michael. After he turns 10 years old, Michael is thrown into the world of being an adult and has to live in the family's house. The wife, her mother, and the husband's brother, all live in that house.  In the beginning, the wife, mother, the brother, and their daughter get along really well and the film seems to go smoothly. But after a few hours of being in the house, the mother and the brother start fighting in the kitchen, and things take a turn for the worst. There is a little girl who is really afraid of the family. Her father is in the room with them. Michael and his father do not talk to each other, and there is a moment when Michael thinks that the father is killing his sister. However the mother tells Michael that everything is fine, and he thinks that everything will be fine. However after the family goes to sleep, the father turns out of the room and stabs his sister in the chest, killing her. Michael's mother then stabs her brother, killing him as well. Michael wakes up, and it seems that everything has been a nightmare. After Michael awakes, he decides to go to the police and tell the police everything that happened. However when he meets the wife and the mother, they both think that everything was just a dream. After that, everything seems to be going to hell. The movie doesn't end, and is just like any other nightmare you have ever had. The ending is really bad, and you just wish that the wife would get away from the house. It makes no sense at all, and only serves to make the ending more depressing.  I rate this a 2/10. It's really stupid. It would have been better to put in an extra 15 minutes of footage that is supposed to be "funny", and leave the rest of the movie to be just like a nightmare you had. I can't believe that anyone gave this movie a 2. It really should have a 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so far from being entertaining. The only reason I can recommend it is because it's a comedy, but that's only the second reason. The first reason is that it's incredibly cheap. I mean, come on. Even the most basic plot of "The Little Mermaid" could have been better. It could have even been a remake of "Aladdin". However, the fact that it does end up being a comedy means that it was good for the time. The problem with this film is that, again, it's so far removed from what makes "A Million Ways" so enjoyable. The fact that there's no way for me to see what happens to the villain makes the film incredibly predictable.  It just doesn't have a lot of redeeming qualities. It's just a really, really awful film. The best I can say is that I wish that I had watched this when I was younger. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is great, but the plot is weak. A girl's life is being taken over by her abusive boyfriend who is obsessed with a young woman he's never met, but has seen on television. His obsession is so intense that he decides to kill the girl and himself. But he's caught. He's taken to the mental institution and is kept there until he decides what to do with his life. There's no chance to be anything like a great movie. The acting is terrible, especially for the actress. The director had a script, but he just couldn't make it all work out. It's a complete mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this movie is a complete waste of time and effort. It takes a little time to find out the movie's main villain and it's just not enough to build a solid plot. There's also a lot of scenes that seem to have been filmed without the camera. For example, a man on the street talks to a man who looks just like the villain. There are several moments in the movie where it looks like the camera was being used for effect and it looks really amateurish. I'd say it's more a comedy than a horror movie.  The acting is pretty bad. They have some good talent and the plot is pretty weak but the film just isn't a good movie. I can only assume it would have been better if they had gone for a more conventional genre. I would rate it at about 4/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original title was "The Return of the King" but the plot was changed. The plot was too predictable and the acting was terrible. This movie is about a medieval lord who is possessed by a demonic creature that drains him of his power and his sanity. The story isn't very original and the only reason I didn't give it a 0 is because I'm pretty sure it was made for children. I'm still wondering what this film is going to be like when the actors go back to their own time period. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was absolutely no point in watching this movie, unless you were a fan of the movie 'The Simpsons' or were really into watching this film and were only here for the 'Barry Mansell', or for a laugh. In reality, this film is an absolute waste of time. Even the 'The Office' movie is better, and I can guarantee you that 'Barely Lethal' is just as shallow.  If you want to see an entertaining, but poorly made movie, watch 'The Naked Gun'.  The story was terrible, and the movie itself was terrible. It is only because I love The Simpsons that I still managed to enjoy this, because it was such an uninspired waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie several times since its initial release, and I have to say it was not even remotely good. I think it's not a movie at all, it's just a cheap knock-off of a popular series.  The characters were all awful, I found the dialogue very tedious and predictable, and the actors were horrible, at least on their first try. It was hard to believe that this movie could possibly have a point or be even remotely interesting. It didn't even try to be funny, it seemed to be just a bunch of people talking about boring stuff. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is only one thing worse than a bad horror movie: an actual horror movie. This one isn't even as bad as some of the other "horror" movies I've seen. But it's bad enough to make me question the whole concept of horror. I can't believe that they could think of such a thing as "the horror movie", but they do. In the most blatant attempt at gore I've ever seen, I've never seen anything so crass and so stupid as this. It's a disgrace to horror in general, and it's a real shame to see this so prominently displayed in the top 10 horror movies.  The plot is a total mess, the acting is so bad, and the production is so terrible that it's not funny. I could go on for hours about what a mess this is. It makes no sense at all. The acting is terrible, the direction is terrible and the writing is so poorly written that it makes me wonder how they even got the movie onto DVD. This isn't a horror movie at all, it's just a low budget B-movie with too much cheap thrills to overcome. I give it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so poorly done. It looks like a cheap film and not worth watching. The actors are horrible. The plot is just bad and pointless. The script is so boring. The dialog is so poor. The story line seems to be just like the movie "The Rocky Horror Picture Show", which was really bad. It is not even a movie. It's just a bunch of actors saying some lines that are so boring and ridiculous. The only good thing about this film is the music. The music in this film was just terrible. The acting was OK but not good enough to justify it. It was just awful. The score was terrible. I would not watch this film. I hate this movie and I don't want to see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't even know what to say about this film other than that I can't believe it. The acting was awful, the story was poor, the script was a mess and the acting was the lowest I have ever seen.  I mean, this movie was literally about as good as the movie Titanic, which was a terrible movie. I think that the acting in this film is so unbelievable that I actually laughed and not in a good way. This is not an action flick, it's a story about a guy that can't get a date because he doesn't know how to get one. So we have a guy who can't find a girl because he's a virgin, who's not even a virgin because he keeps getting laid by girls. The girl he keeps seeing is the one who dumps him, but that's about the extent of the story. In the end, we get a guy called a "pig" and he kills the girl because she didn't want to be his girl anymore. The whole movie is just a bunch of scenes that were either made up or not very interesting at all. If you're going to go see this movie, just don't. You'll be disappointed in yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of the movie has to do with a lot of "old-timey" tropes that you can only see in movies from the early 70's. However, I can't imagine a better movie for teenagers than this one. It is a complete disappointment, and for what it's worth it was a decent attempt. I'm not sure if the director was ever able to get the script right or if the script was so convoluted that it just didn't make sense.  Some of the dialog is actually funny, but I think the director could have done better.  I'd rate this lower than "B-Movie" but not by much. The only good thing about this movie is the title. I can see this being one of those movies where the title is used to promote a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst horror movie I have ever seen, and I can't believe it has been nominated for the Best Horror Film of the Year. The acting was terrible, the story was a huge mess, and it was so overrated that the movie actually went out of its way to kill off its own lead actor (Chris Baker) in the final scene.   It is a waste of a few minutes at best. The cinematography was not even acceptable, but it's OK because there are other movies to watch that were even worse.  It has a great premise (what was the idea of "The Devil and the Three Little Monsters", etc.) and the cast is OK, but the movie itself was terrible. The plot was a mess and the characters were so shallow and annoying that it made me think I was watching a TV show.  I give it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the most depressing movie I've seen in years. It's a total waste of time. The only redeeming quality is that there are still two very cute children in it. If you can get past the fact that they are being used for a joke, you will have a pretty decent film.  But unfortunately, the movie itself isn't very funny. The actors are too small, and the plot is completely pointless. The script is so badly done that you will wonder why they bothered.  The best thing about the movie is that they can't make it into a Disney cartoon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am no longer able to watch movies without giving them a negative rating. This movie is not only an embarrassment, it is a waste of time. The acting is as expected from the actors, the plot is predictable, the script is completely devoid of any real emotion, and the music was very poor. I am extremely disappointed with the movie, and I don't know how to rate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen a few bad movies over the years and this one seems to be one of the worst. It is very hard to make it into a good movie by making the character's personalities as shallow as possible. It's basically the "Dumb & Dumber" meets "E.T. the Extra Terrestrial" meets Jason "Jason Momoa" McElroy. The problem is that neither Jason nor the kids really care about anything that happens to them. They just act like idiots throughout the entire movie. I would've avoided this film completely if not for the fact that it's about the only family in town who isn't actually related to them in any way.  In addition to that, it was just a poor excuse to do some slapstick comedy. The jokes just didn't work and the character wasn't funny at all. The movie really suffered because of all of the horrible writing. I can't even remember the name of the character that played by McEljowees, but I know that he is one of those people that you will hate him as soon as he walks through the door.  Oh, and did I mention that it was in a church? If you want to see an actual good comedy, check out "The Boondock Saints". That's what I'd do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is weak, the plot weak and the acting so far weak. The ending was not a surprise and it was not worth watching. The only reason I watched it is because I was watching it for my daughter.  I do like this type of movies because it has a lot of nudity and a few scenes of sex, but the story is so weak it just becomes a mess. I think the writer is a complete novice and that he should have read the script instead of just guessing what it would be like. The acting was so bad that it made the movie almost unwatchable.  The movie was made for teenagers, but teenagers don't care about the plot or acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a very happy and appreciative man to have been a part of this great film, but it was so disappointing and so boring. It was so much worse than The Devil's Advocate, and worse than I remember anything from that film. I was completely lost in the plot and didn't know where it was going or why it was happening. The acting was terrible, the story was stupid, the direction was horrible, the acting was bad. I thought the film was the best part of The Devil Advocate, but that was a mistake on my part. I think it should have been called The Devil and Son.  I didn't think it was even worth watching at the time because it was just so boring, but now I know that the film should be considered a complete waste of time and money. I don't know what I was expecting to happen in this film, and I don' t know if it is true or not.  The best thing about this film is that it was the only film I saw in the theater in 2002. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the most boring and uninspiring movies I've ever seen. There's no reason to even bother with it. This movie was so bad I just let it sit on my hard drive for a couple of days and watched the first half. Then I watched the second half. After all that time and effort, I just gave up.  This is not an "Hollywood" movie. This is a "movie" made for a few million dollars. Don't waste your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the premise of this film to be a little thin and unconvincing. It's just a few moments before the murder of a young woman and the only person to see it is the person who killed her. The only thing I can say about this film is that it didn't really hit me hard until it ended. I don't mean to say that the film is awful. But it's a little too quick and a little far from believable. I wouldn't really rate this below a 1 or 2. It has some potential, but in the end, I think that it could have been so much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is very difficult to believe that this film was made without the knowledge of anyone who made it. The plot is completely unbelievable and does not make any sense. The only thing that makes it interesting is the characters, the "characters" are so stupid it is almost unbelievable. The movie itself is a complete failure.  It was just a bunch of actors, without any special effects and without a story. The script was made to be funny. The problem is that the script is a joke.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the premise was interesting but the ending didn't quite make the movie work. I really felt like the characters were just made for this movie and I couldn't make out the plot at all. The action was just not enough to make it worth watching.  The acting was not good, even by an independent movie actor. I thought it was obvious they had not seen the script, because they had made no effort to make the acting fit.  I guess they had a limited budget.  This is probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The only good thing about it is that I could easily watch it at night. It's not worth watching if you are a fan of action. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this for the first time, and it's terrible. It's just a bunch of horrible acting, terrible acting and horrible dialog, and the director of the movie, Brian De Palma, isn't very good at directing. It would have been so much better if the actors had actually understood the material, or if they hadn't been so terrible.  The movie starts out very well, but then the acting gets progressively worse. The script was terrible and the directing was terrible. I'm not sure if I would recommend it. It was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Frog," by all means, is a fun little horror flick with a somewhat odd title and not very well acted. The acting is bad, the story is flat, the acting is weak, the music is unmemorable, the cinematography is mediocre, the writing is so, so, unoriginal. The whole movie is just so uninteresting, it makes you want to turn the lights off.  The problem is, they forgot that it is supposed to be a horror flick. This is not a horror movie. This movie was made to sell a movie called "Fog" starring Christopher Lee and Michael Caine. The movie's supposed purpose is to scare the audience into watching it. This film is a horror-action-adventure film, which is actually a lot less fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a complete waste of time and energy. It was an awful waste of my time and resources.  The script was a bit thin. The acting was awful. The story line was completely pointless. The ending was also terrible.  There are no redeeming points to this film.  I can't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is completely devoid of a story. It's a story about a guy that just happens to be a girl that is always running late. The story isn't very good, but the acting is good. The acting is so bad that I can't believe this film was made. The only reason why I'm giving it 4/10 is because I saw it in a movie theater and I thought it was a really good movie. If I could give it an 8/10, I would have given it an even higher rating.  I can only say that I think it's a bad film. It has no story, no dialog, and it has no meaning at all.  It is just a bad, lame, and pointless film. I could care less about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst film I've seen from a B-movie-maker that I can remember. There's so much wrong with it, it's so awful that I've read all the reviews and written my negative review. I'll admit that I thought the plot was funny and that it was pretty funny, but I can't believe that the movie is that bad. I can honestly say that this movie is the definition of a joke and there are only about five or ten jokes in it. I know I should have expected this movie to be bad, because it's B-Movie, but, I guess it was not supposed to be.  In case you have forgotten what a B movie is: B-movies are often made to be so stupid that they are laughable and so boring that you just want to laugh at them. I was expecting a real comedy from this movie, but it was so boring and awful that it made me laugh with a sad face. The story was so pointless and so badly made that I had no interest in the characters or in the plot at all. I did not care for the acting either. This movie is a total failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a lot of nonsense that goes on in this movie, and a very small part of the movie that is actually worth watching. It's a complete waste of time, and the entire cast is a bit pathetic, with the exception of John Cusack (who is actually pretty good in his other roles). I found the story boring and the direction, though not really awful, not quite up to the standard of this director's previous work. I found most of the characters in this film really boring. There were a couple that were interesting, but this is one of the most disappointing movies I've ever seen.  The acting was bad, but not nearly as bad as it is in his earlier work, so it's not like I expect a great performance from this cast. There was one scene that I found a bit creepy, but other than that the movie just felt completely forgettable. The film was not a good idea, and I think that it would have been better if the film were made in 1982. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had never heard of this movie before, but I saw it on Netflix and it made me very angry. I'm not sure how I missed it. But if you're interested in this, don't bother. The plot is terrible, the acting is bad, and the ending is ridiculous. I don't know how you could not laugh at it. It's just plain awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director tried to put the camera in a position where the camera could capture the action as if it was real, but it didn't seem to be successful. The camerawork seemed to be a bit choppy and not as natural as it could be. The camera never seemed to get the proper framing. The acting was very poor and not that great. The plot was completely unbelievable.  The whole movie was so badly edited and so incoherent that I couldn't help but laugh. I don't know how the director was able to edit so much without editing to the point where he made the movie look like it was edited in a rush. The actors looked terrible. The film just made me want to see how badly the director could make the movie. The movie was not even believable. I felt that this was a movie that was made for people who do not know how to edit their own films.  A lot of people like this movie because they think it's about a killer. But it's a complete waste of money. The only thing that I liked about this movie was the title.  I recommend you stay away from this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was so boring and uninteresting that I had to watch it again and again to see if I was missing something important.  One character even had a nickname which is the same as the movie's title, and it had to be seen to be believed. It seemed like they did not know how to write a screenplay, or if they did know how, they didn't care. It was all just filler and had no real story. The story is about a guy who gets drunk on his birthday and has a friend who is a girl who he likes, but she dumps him because he is gay. The movie does not even try to make it seem like it has any relevance to real life, it's just a bunch of scenes from TV shows and movies, and the movie doesn't even try. There is no real plot or character development.  The only reason why I'm giving it an 8/10 is because the script was good, but the acting was terrible. There was no reason for anyone to be impressed with anyone.  I would have to say 10/10 because it was just an absolute waste of time and I was sick of it. I would like to warn you all, if you are going to watch this movie and you're not sure if you should watch it, watch it once and see how stupid it makes you feel, and if you don't like it, go ahead and don't watch it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've watched the movie twice now and it's just as awful as the first time I saw it. I don't care how the story goes, the acting was terrible, and the storyline just got me completely confused. It's just an unmitigated mess and I don'T recommend it.  I'd rather watch a video tape of a kid screaming, than this thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to say whether this film is simply a case of a movie that didn't make the director a millionaire or the director's incompetence. The whole idea of the film seemed to be based on an idea that the viewer would just have to accept and enjoy the characters, and the story, even though the characters were not very believable. The story seemed to lack any meaningful plot, and there was no reason to care about the characters. For example, when the story was set in the present day, the characters would be discussing about something interesting and important that would happen in the past (like the events of the last three episodes), but when the movie began, the story did not progress much and the movie felt flat.  The actors were terrible (including the leading lady, who I personally think was one of the worst actresses ever), and the direction was a total mess. There were too many awkward moments, too many out-of-character jokes, and too much time wasted on pointless sequences.  If you have any interest in reading and/or watching "Lost" (I haven't read it yet), don't waste your time. Watch the DVD and read it yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe the people who gave this film the highest rating. This movie was awful! I know there are people out there who think this film is great. I know the film was rated at PG because it contains very little nudity, but I was expecting something more from a PG rated film. I found the nudity in the first 15 minutes, so I was really expecting something better. The rest of the movie was just terrible. I just felt like I was watching the last 15 minutes of a very bad movie. I'm not sure what's worse, the script or the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had the chance to review this film for the first time yesterday. I had seen the trailer, read the blurb and was ready to get out of the house. It was actually quite entertaining at first, but after seeing it again, I could only find myself getting out of my chair and walking away. It is a shame that it was so poorly done. There is no reason to waste your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wanted to like this movie, and I had some great dreams of it, but the plot line just wasn't there. It's like a bunch of friends who are trying to make a movie with no plot or any characters to relate to.  I'm just sick of seeing these stupid movies where actors come in with some kind of a story and just go around and randomly shoot their characters.  Don't bother to see this movie if you want to see a bunch dumb, pointless, and cheesy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad it's unbelievable. I know that there are other reviews about the movie. I don't even know where to begin to say what the movie was like. I can't even figure out how they made it. This movie made no sense. It was really weird. I've never seen anything like it. It had no humor and it was so boring that I lost interest in it. I would have never been able to sit through this movie if I could have gotten my money back from it. The movie was way too long. It should have been less than two hours. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poorly done film, not worth the time to sit through. I was expecting the best from "Sleeping With the Ugly" and was disappointed, not that the story was that bad, but the acting. It was quite hard to believe anyone was actually sleeping in that thing. The plot was predictable, the story itself was not. The only thing I liked was that the director thought he could do more with the plot, and that he could make it a little less lame. The problem is that they made it so predictable. I think they should have done something like "Scoop", but I think the director is not capable of that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a typical "B-Movie" film with a few interesting ideas thrown in but they are completely wasted in this one. There is a story line about a scientist who develops an "A-Bomb" to protect the world from alien invaders and the nuclear apocalypse that's so clichd that I almost didn't believe it. I also felt that the "Alien" series was overused.  There are some decent sets and special effects, but the action is not worth seeing in this film. It's so un-sci-fi that the action sequences are usually so long and boring that you end up forgetting about the story. This film isn't even scary or gory like other B-Movie horror flicks. It looks like a low budget "B" Movie made for kids. If you can find a copy of the original Alien, I highly recommend that you do. It has the same feel and is worth a look.  The music is really bad, but that's to be expected from B-Movies that use a lot of synthesizer music. This one does not deserve to be released. I'm just sad that people are wasting their money on this B-movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a little surprised to see this review. I thought it was an OK movie. But the director's name was Robert Rodriguez. I figured the guy would be better than that. However, I was wrong. This was a terrible movie. It was horrible and pointless. Nothing happened. The plot was completely random and boring.  The only redeeming quality was the music. It's actually better than the first one.  I'll admit that it wasn't the worst movie I've ever seen. However... I don't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no way to argue with this, because this movie was awful. I think the only good thing about this movie is that it showed what can happen when a director lets his actors and crew run wild on a set and doesn't give them any direction. The movie is so boring that I'm amazed the actors even tried to make it interesting. The acting is flat and pointless. There are scenes where the camera moves very slow, and then the actors speak and act like they know exactly where they are.  It's a shame, because the movie was pretty good. It's not really believable, and that's a real pity because it's really funny, but the actors are horrible. The humor comes from the fact that the characters are so stupid and so pathetic that even the audience is laughing at them. It was supposed to be a comedy, but it didn't quite hit the mark. The only redeeming part of this movie, is that the actors do a really good job in a bad film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Lets be positive about something: it is a movie with some good moments and some bad.  The story is a little predictable, there is a really bad ending and the movie lacks a sense of direction.  I recommend avoiding this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people are complaining that the original series was a great show, but they forgot that the second season was just as bad. The show has always been quite good, but the series was much better when it was new and new. In this episode, the show just became a bunch of jokes about sex and violence. It's just that there wasn't any new material in the first season, so it was all about "the old stuff." There were several new things in the second one, but there's still no new plot. There's still plenty of sex and violent violence, but it was just awful in the last episode. It was just horrible! I think the show was just supposed to be an update to the original. The new show is just as shallow, violent, and stupid. They should have left the original, and just made the sequel the new show. The only saving grace is that they are making a new series for the PlayStation. Hopefully they will come up with something that's not as bad as this one was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a waste of your time, the script is terrible and the direction is bad, so don't waste your time watching this. I can't see how a movie could have been made that way. I wish I had seen a copy of the script before I rented this movie. It's so awful it hurts.  Don't rent this movie, you'll regret it when you watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies where all the actors were so awful and unimpressive that you can't help but wonder if they are trying to fool you.  But no, the movie's actors are so bad that they are actually likable. I just cannot believe that the filmmakers think it is okay to be so bad in this movie.  The movie's plot is so dull, it doesn't make any sense and the plot just isn't believable. I mean, there are two guys who are supposed to be the killers and the movie goes on forever without ever revealing what they're doing and why they're killing the people they're supposed to kill.  I can't believe they thought this movie was a good idea and made it. If they are so stupid and so unimpressed with the audience, why are they making movies anyway?  The acting is also so bad and so lame that the movie seems to be an attempt at a porno. There's a scene where a woman who is supposed to have been murdered has her head shaved and put in a bag and then the bag is put in the trunk of a car and then it is driven away. I have never seen such an implausible plot in any other movie. You just can't get to the point where you think it might be true, you just think it's too stupid to believe.  It is an attempt to do a comedy and it's not even funny. There is no comedy in this film. The movie was just a waste of time and money. I'm glad I did not spend the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original version was great, but the remake was way too derivative and way too stupid. The film is so boring, so predictable, so dull and so predictable that it made me think the original movie was better. I know the original version did not have that much blood and gore and that's why it was so good, but I just don't understand how the remake is so bad. I think the director was trying to emulate "The Shawshank Redemption" but it just turned out to be way too predictable and way to predictable to make it a good movie.  It's a shame. I really wanted to like this movie. It's so boring and predictable that I wish I could have never watched it.  The director did try to make this movie funny, but it didn't really work. The whole movie is just too predictable. It could have been a good comedy, but not a bad comedy. I just wish they had just made it better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching this movie I realized that most of the people who were in it were either really old or really stupid. I have been to some of the "Best Picture" awards and I cannot imagine them having any kind of a conversation about this movie. It made no sense and did not make any sense. The only reason I can think it is a decent movie is because it's about a girl who wants to be an actress and who wants her mother to help her.  If I was in this movie, I would have walked out of the theater in tears and just laughed it off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just about as boring as an hour of "The Big Picture".  The movie opens with a very annoying music video (not to mention a very lame and poorly choreographed dance sequence) before getting to the real plot. The movie never moves beyond a few scenes. It is as boring and poorly directed as the last 10 minutes of a mediocre, badly written comedy. The story is the only thing in this movie that was worth watching. I don't think anyone who watches this movie will like it. I would recommend skipping it if you want to see the real story of "Hocus Pocus". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the first two installments to the series, which I consider to be the best movies, to be quite entertaining. I thought that this third installment was somewhat weak, especially the opening, where we see the protagonist, Dr. Robert Klemme, (played by Tom Cruise), at his home, having some strange hallucinations.  I was hoping that the third installment would be better, and I found it to be somewhat disappointing. The film is a typical, and rather boring, science fiction action thriller. In the beginning, we see all of the plot lines we've seen in the first three installments, and we get to see the characters we've known for years. It was rather surprising that they didn't get any better in the third movie, because the second movie was a bit better.  The characters are quite uninteresting and the story doesn't progress. The visuals are a little muddy, and there are a few scenes where the camera zooms in on an object and then zooms out again. There are some moments where the screen is too dim to read the text, and it looks like the actor's face is too far away from the camera. Overall, the film just isn't a good movie.  Overall, this film was pretty bad. The action scenes weren't really all that impressive, and the acting was somewhat forgettable. The movie has the same issues that we've had with the previous two installments. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a big horror fan, but I do love movies where the monsters are supposed to be real. This was one of those movies. I was expecting a lot more from "The Uninvited" and it didn't deliver. It was so, so, slow and boring.  There was no real suspense in it and even though I'm a horror buff I can't bring myself to be able to watch this at home. I mean, it was a little more scary in a way, but it didn`t do anything other than just put me on edge. It also lacked the originality that "The Invitation" had. This movie could have been good, but sadly it didnt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing but a bunch of old people talking. I really don't know what this movie was trying to do, I don't think anyone could have been expected to have any sense of humor at all when they were watching this movie. The acting was awful. I mean, they all sounded like a bunch to lazy and uninspired. There was absolutely no effort at making anything interesting or funny. I think the actors who did the acting did it to get a paycheck, I really think that if they were really passionate about acting they could have done better. I do believe that if you really like acting you will enjoy watching a few old people talk, but it just didn't happen for me here.  I just can't get over the fact that the movie is about some old people sitting around talking and having a conversation. I'm not really sure what they're talking about, it's just a bunch old people having a bunch more old people say a bunch older people say. I just don't understand the logic behind this movie at all. I don' think this movie could have at least done something interesting with this subject matter, like some funny old people doing old people making jokes or something, but unfortunately they didn't. This movie just looks like a waste of time. I give this movie a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, the plot seems good. But after the first hour or two, it's obvious that this movie is a complete waste of time. This is a film that's more like a horror movie than a horror film with a plot.  The only thing that kept this movie from being a complete disaster was that it had an actor playing the villain, the "Vampire" (played by a really bad actor). He was awful in the role, and the movie just seemed to drag on and on.  I think the reason for this is that the director/writer was trying to do a bit of humor. The movie was so poorly made that the story lines and the actors had to be stretched to the point of making them completely ridiculous. The acting was bad enough to make me wonder if the movie was really intended for audiences of all ages.  My recommendation is that this film is worth nothing. Don't waste your time watching it. If you want to see a comedy/horror film, then watch a really, really terrible horror movie: The Shining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was sooo hard to watch. The acting was awful, the story was boring and there were so many things that were just plain ridiculous.  There was nothing in this film worth seeing. It was just a bad mess and no amount of explanation could make it interesting.  My rating is a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very poor and very sad comedy. The idea was great, but the execution is very, very bad. I found it very hard to get through the first part of the film. The second part was alright, but I found the ending completely pointless. I would like to give the writer some credit for the idea of a comedy with a "wedding day" theme, but that was the whole idea.  The only redeeming feature was the music, which was terrible. It was absolutely awful. This film is a disgrace to comedy. It is a total disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a small town, and the two main characters, a young girl and her friend, are both involved in the occult. The girl starts to feel like an outcast in her town. Her friends start to find out what's going on with her, and at the same time, she starts to fall in love with a man she meets. The problem is, they're both involved with the occult, but not in the same way. She falls in love, and we see her getting into strange situations and things she shouldn't be doing.  Then, we're given the scene where her friend starts to get killed. Then, the guy that's getting killed starts to lose his mind. It's a typical B-movie, and I can't think of any better way to describe it. I've seen it on DVD. I just can't get past the fact that it's not even a B-Movie, it's a B.S. movie. It has no redeeming qualities, and no redeemable qualities.  The acting is absolutely atrocious. The two main girls are both uninteresting. The main male character, who is supposed to be a very strong guy, just comes off as pathetic. The script was awful. The direction is pretty terrible, and there's no redeemance. It is, in my opinion, the worst movie I've ever seen.  There are so many holes in the movie that I have to wonder what happened. I'm sure it wasn't good, but it's hard to blame the writer and director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total waste of my time and I can't even find the video on YouTube. It's a complete waste of time, money and the attention of all my friends.  The story is lame, the acting is awful, the soundtrack is bad and the direction is so poor and awkward that it almost feels like a chore. The movie was awful. I really don't know what the story is supposed to be, why the characters act in the way they do and why they get in trouble. I can only assume it's because they're just "dealing with the problem". If I can find it, I'll try to decipher the storyline. It makes no sense, the dialogue, the direction and the sound effects are awful. It could have been made into an action movie but it really doesn't have a plot, it makes no attempt to be an entertaining movie and its really just a bunch of people talking at each other.  Overall a total failure. If you're a fan of the "Lolicon" genre, you'll probably find it entertaining. If not, it's probably not worth your time or your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Tiny Bubbles" is a movie with a great title. Unfortunately, this title is not matched by the story. There is no plot. There are a few glimpses of the plot, but these moments are few and far between. The characters are the same as in "Tubular Belles" and the only difference is that they are much less likable.  This movie is just a lot of farting and farting. The only redeeming qualities are a couple of scenes in the theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a complete waste of time. It should be a comedy, but it was not. The story, the script, the directing, the acting, the plot, and the direction are all completely lacking. It's just not funny. It has no plot, no punch line, and nothing in the way of character development. If I'm being honest, I can't really explain what went wrong. Maybe they didn't really know how to make a funny movie, or maybe they were just so scared that nobody would laugh at it. I don't know, I just found the whole thing to be awful. There was no funny line that came out of nowhere, and that's pretty much it.  I don'T recommend this film for anyone. It is absolutely NOT worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not like the movie had any plot or plot twist at all; it's just a movie where you can't understand anything because it's too long.  It would have been better if the movie wasn't so long and I had seen it once, because then I could have been more familiar with the characters and what they were doing.  There are also other movies with very long plot lines, like "The Dark Knight" or "The Passion of the Christ". The problem is, that these movies are so successful, because they have great characters and the plot is more interesting. I didn't really understand what was happening, so I could only get a very basic idea of what was going on.  This movie does not have a plot, and it is a big disappointment. It was so much more entertaining when the movie was not so long. It should have been called "Glorious Life-A Movie" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie absolutely hilarious, but I cannot give it an eight. It is the most terrible piece of work I've ever seen. It would have made more sense to have the whole movie set in the town of Buford, Alabama, which is actually in Alabama. I do like Bufords, but this film does not make a difference. It makes no sense. This movie was awful. The acting was bad. The writing was bad, the script was awful, the direction was bad and the special effects were terrible. It was so bad I was worried the movie would be a huge flop at the box office, but fortunately it grossed less than half a million dollars. The fact that the film was so poorly made was a major factor in its failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was a waste of time. It had very little story line to speak of. I found myself watching it and not really caring what happened. It wasn't that bad, but there was no real plot or direction. It felt very much like a poorly directed movie with very little effort. There were some funny moments, but in the end the movie just felt a bit pointless.  I found it to be very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film which is based on a series of novels that were published by two guys (John Steinbeck and Henry James) about a man (Budd Johnson) who falls in love with a young woman (Alice Cooper) and later falls in a fire while trying to save the girl from being burned alive. In the first movie there is only one female character. The other character in the second movie was played by a male actor (Burt Reynolds). The whole thing was not interesting to me at all. The plot was so pointless and ridiculous that I can only say that this is a cheap film which only succeeded because the filmmakers were desperate for money. In fact, I would not have paid $10 to see this film if I was the sort of person who would like to see a film with such a weak plot. It is basically a comedy that has no other purpose than to get some cheap laughs from audiences. I would rather have seen a film where the characters are more interesting. The only thing I liked about the film was the fact that the characters were so desperate for their roles. I'm sorry to say, but this film was so terrible that I found myself laughing and crying during the whole thing. I think the director should have left out the female character from the second film and have her play a supporting role in the first one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't even think what this movie was supposed to be, but I can imagine it. What was the point of this? It was just a waste of time and the actors didn't even have to do anything. This movie should have just been a documentary and then we could have at least been entertained with the film.  What was that about a big snake that swallowed a baby? Was there a snake that was bigger than a baby snake? Or was there one that was so big that the movie would be a disaster?  There's nothing in the movie to make me want to watch the whole movie, so I'm giving it one star out of ten. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After hearing so many good things about the movie, I decided to give it a try. Unfortunately, I just can't stand it anymore. I am not a fan of the show or the actors, and I really felt that this movie was not even worth watching. The acting was awful, the direction was bad, and the plot was so weak and pointless that I actually thought it was made for a 2nd grade level of movie. I don't think the show can be rated a 1.0 because the show is so mediocre. The characters are really shallow, and there's no real tension or tension. They seem to just get along with each other and go on and on. I really don't understand how this show got this 1.2 or 1.3 rating from the American Pie Movie Awards. This movie is the most poorly made and boring movie I've ever seen. If you want to watch a really bad movie, then just look at The American Pie Presents American Pie 2. If that doesn't satisfy you, then I don the movie and go back to my office. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so horrible and horrible. I thought the movie was about a boy who has his mind stolen by a demon, but in the end the demon dies and the boy dies. Then the movie ends.  The only thing in this movie was a guy in a red hood getting in his car and saying the words "The time is here". He was probably making it up.  In the beginning, the movie seemed really good.  Then I was sick of the movie and I gave it a 1/10.  I don't understand why people say that it's good, but I can't figure it out. I'm going to give it a 2/10 because it's a little better than an average low budget horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful, the story is ridiculous, the plot is unbelievable, the humor is so weak it's funny only when it's not being used to make jokes about other people's stupidity. And if you want to see a good, serious movie about a person's death, get a copy of "The Day the Clown Cried" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst movies I've seen in a while. The acting is awful, the music is awful and the story line is completely unbelievable. The first half hour of the movie was the best and then everything went downhill from there. You could tell that it was just a waste of time. If you want to see a cheap horror movie that is filled with gore, try this one instead of something like The Conjuring. It's a total waste of money.  The movie has an odd title but that doesn't excuse the fact that this movie sucks. If it were made in the 80s I would have thought it would have been at least 3/10.  I gave it a 2/10 because the acting is OK but the music, direction and story line are all horrible. This movie was made in 1995 but this was just released on DVD and it's worse.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was actually surprised to see how many people thought this film was really good, considering the fact that it was actually very low budget, and even the DVD extras were pretty low budget. And the fact it's a movie made for children was apparently not an issue for many.  And yet this film is just about as predictable as the rest of them. I would expect a better film if it were to be a comedy or horror film.  The storyline seems to be more about the characters than the plot, which is a real shame, because the plot is quite predictable. And although the acting is pretty OK, I was not impressed with the direction and editing. I did enjoy the fact the movie was actually made for kids. It's too bad that so many people just assumed this was a good movie, because it was so low budget and made for young people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I have to admit I am a huge fan of the original films from the 1980's. And if I had to make a list of my favorites, this would certainly be one of them.  However, when I saw this one I just felt that it was a total waste of time and effort. The acting was not good. The story was bad. And I just didn't care about any of the characters in it. And that is just one of the reasons why I was so disappointed. It was just so boring. The only redeeming factor was the opening title sequence which was really interesting and showed off some of the animation talent that was available at the time. It also showed off the lack of direction that they had in the story. I would like to see them at least attempt to make this one up to a point. However, as of right now it's still a waste of the viewer's time and they did not even try.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was not even worth my time to watch this movie. I'm a little disappointed because it has the potential to be a good movie but it really didn't even deserve it. The whole thing was just too silly to keep me from wanting to throw it away. I didn't see any real plot, just people talking in weird voices and dancing around like they're on a dance floor and I just didn't care to watch anymore. The dance scenes were pretty bad as well. The girls were acting as though they were a group of 10, and it wasn't funny at all, it just made the whole thing seem worse than it already was. It's just a waste of my time. It was way too much like a low budget version of "The Room" or "Sausage Party". I mean, they were both so much better and funnier.  And then there was the ending. I was hoping they would end the movie with a nice message and an ending that would bring this film to an end. They didn't. They ended with this cheesy "you'll never get out of here" joke that I found so utterly annoying that I actually laughed the whole way through. The only good thing about this movie was that the director's friend was actually a good actress, and that was enough to keep this movie from being a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I would like to point out that I was watching this film when it was released and so I was able to enjoy the film in the sense that I thought it was at least entertaining. I didn't like it when it came out, but I still think it's worth seeing. But it is so horribly bad that I don't care.  I hate the idea that people think it was fun to watch because they didn't see the movie in the theater. I hate that they think it must have been fun because they've never seen it before. I don' really care how they see it, I just want them to be able to watch it and think it doesn't make sense. I'd like to say that I am more than happy to pay to see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very weak, amateurish, low budget comedy. The whole thing is about a man who goes back to the past to find out about his daughter's death, and who then uses his knowledge of past events to prevent her from dying. This is not even the first film of its kind to have such a weak plot line, which is not surprising because the entire movie was filmed at a small studio in a small town. There's no story to be told. Just a bunch of people talking to each other and nothing more. The cast is a mixed bag, with a few good roles for all of them. The script was pretty weak as well. The ending was unsatisfactory for the same reason. I was expecting a movie where the characters would get to know each other more, and the movie would end with the characters having a little fun with each other. But the movie doesn't even bother to do that.  This is the worst comedy I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this movie is a joke. It is actually a joke at the name of "The Black Sheep". This movie was a very unoriginal idea, but the director and writer were not too familiar with the name. The movie doesn't even pretend to be a comedy and the acting is poor. If you don't like movies where women are raped and killed then this movie isn't for you. It just looks like the plot of the first movie where the protagonist is killed by the evil black sheep. In the first film the villain is the evil man, but in this movie he is only called "The Man".  The only good thing about this movie was that it was in black and white. I don't understand why this was done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Carnage" is not a good movie, and there is a lot of crap in it. There is a big mistake in the storyline which is that the main character, a female police officer is only a few minutes away from death, but decides not to go ahead and kill her partner. The two men go to the hospital and after a brief argument decide to commit suicide. When the hospital staff discovers the corpses of both of them, it seems like they are only a couple of hours from being dead, but in fact, they're only a day away from being put in a coffin. There are a lot more mistakes in this movie, including the fact that there is no apparent attempt at making this a romantic comedy.   It's not just a bad comedy, but it is a bad, awful movie that should be avoided at all costs. It does not make sense, the characters are terrible and there are too many characters to count, including a woman who is supposed to be a nurse, and a man who is a janitor. This is an embarrassment. This movie has nothing to recommend it, except that it looks like it was made by an amateur. The acting is pretty bad, but the special effects are really poor. The movie doesn't even have a score, it just has a few clips of people shouting. If you are looking for a comedy, skip this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was alright. The acting was a little lacking, and I was wondering why the studio had to put in a film with a title that was so poorly made and so full of nonsense. But the film was boring, and the acting was poor. The ending was stupid.  I'm not sure what was going on with this film. The story was completely unbelievable. There was no logic to the story, and it seemed to be made up of a series of events that had absolutely nothing to do with each other. I mean, it could be any number of things. The actors could have just been trying to act as if they were a crazy person. I can't see how this could have ever made it past the script stage.  There was a lot of violence in this film, but not a single one of the scenes could have been done with a weapon. All the weapons were wooden and would have needed to be manufactured. I'd have to assume that the actor who played the "shoot first" was a very young man who had never seen a real gun before and was having trouble with the way he was acting.  The music was awful. The soundtrack was about the same, and was also awful. Some songs sounded good, but others sounded awful. And the opening credits were the worst credits I've ever seen.  Don't watch this film unless you're a really good actress. If you're looking for something good to watch, see something else.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has absolutely nothing to offer. There's no direction or character development. The acting is horrible. The cinematography is incredibly grainy. The sound effects are terrible. The ending is the most predictable ending I have ever seen in a film. I was just watching a bad B-movie in which the main character killed someone, got arrested, and then got released by the cops. That's not the same as watching a movie where the main guy kills someone and then gets released by them.  This movie would probably make the worst B-films out of any B-film ever made. It's so far below any of the other B-flicks I have seen. It was so bad that I felt guilty when watching it. It makes zero sense. It has no originality or direction.   I give this movie 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really did not like this movie, but I was so happy that it came on the screen and was able to find it on DVD. I got the movie in the same way I get DVD movies, I went to the local video store and rented it. The only reason why I bought the movie was because it came in a pack of video tapes and the box was the right shape. But I don't know how I missed the fact that it was not a video tape. This movie is just awful, it is so bad that I wanted to take it apart and see what was wrong with it. So I watched it again. This time it wasn't as bad.  I don' t know how the director got so much credit for his work. Maybe it was the fact it was such a hard sell to distributors. Maybe the movie looked so bad in the video shop that the movie had to be sent out. The DVD is really not good, the picture is horrible, the sound is awful, and the acting is so poor that I can't believe anyone could do this movie.  This movie has some very bad actors, and it is really bad. The movie looks like a low budget version of "Lethal Weapon 2" or "Boys Don't Cry". The only thing that makes this movie good is that it is a low rent video, so you don't have to spend $20 to rent it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Last American Werewolf" is an attempt to capitalize on the vampire craze of the 70's, but falls flat on its face. It was just an excuse to tell a boring story about a group of people trying to make their lives more miserable than the average. There was nothing special about the story and nothing interesting to say. It's just a bunch of characters that exist only to get their names on the end credits. I give this one a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible, the writing is terrible and the story is terrible. A movie where an old man comes to live with his younger sister (who seems to be a girl in the movie) and the rest of the family tries to find a way to survive. The plot is really lame and not really believable.  There are several things that are missing from the movie. One thing that bothers me that the movie ends in a church.  I really want to give this movie 2/10 but I think the writers could have made the movie a little better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was disappointed when I saw that the first episode was being directed by James Gunn. I have a feeling that he made the first movie in the series just to get an idea of what a "slash" flick might look like. In the first two episodes of the series Gunn and the actors do a good job at portraying a "bad" relationship and the relationship is OK in the first 2 episodes. However, in the next 2 episodes the relationship becomes worse. In this episode Gunn tries to show a good and normal family that the two people are in love with each other. In fact, there is hardly any love to be found between the two.  However, Gunn is not interested in doing anything for the show that is not believable. There are a few things that make the movie worth seeing. Unfortunately, there are a lot of plot holes and a few mistakes. The acting is OK but not good. The movie is bad and I was expecting a lot better. I give this movie 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie once before in the form of a DVD, and it was a total disappointment to me.  The plot is lame, the acting is horrendous, and the script is just a few lines. I know this is a low budget movie, and they did a good job with the cinematography, but they couldn't have made a movie with a budget more than a couple hundred dollars. I really hope they don't make another one like this, because I really want to see the movie again.  I'm disappointed, because that's what I expected.  If you like to see a few seconds of a movie, then don't bother, because this movie will not make you happy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie looks like it was shot on a very low budget, and was clearly made without a lot of care or effort. The plot is pretty pointless, the story is really thin and uninteresting. It's just really hard to make an enjoyable movie, unless you are a film maker who wants to tell a story that involves violence, nudity, sex and/or gore. This movie does NOTHING to set itself apart from other B movies. There is no originality, and the acting is a little bit stale.  I did like the story, and I did enjoy the sex scenes. But the acting, which was OK, was hardly anything to write home about.  This is definitely not a good movie for a kid to watch.  It's worth remembering that a movie can be entertaining even without great special effects. I watched the original movie in its original format, and still enjoyed it quite a bit. I guess a movie about a couple of young guys having sex is better than one about a big guy getting pissed at the girl he has just slept with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a mess. This is the second straight movie I have watched where a character literally has to say the word "BORROW" three times in one sentence. The only other one was "Dangerous To Be Alone". This movie was worse than that movie.  The only redeeming aspect was that there were some really good moments. Unfortunately, they were the only moments. This movie does not make up for the lack of action or anything else in the movie. There was absolutely no emotion, and it didn't even make me laugh, just make me feel sad.  I don't recommend it, unless you want to laugh the most and cry the least. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few weeks ago I watched a video about how an American teen movie star was making out with a girl he met in a car in Japan. I don't know what the girl was doing in the car with the American teen and I'm not even sure what they did in the next town. I guess the girl is in love with the teen. It's about a teen couple having a car crash and a woman has to take care of the teen's boyfriend and the two are on their way to meet up with the boyfriend's parents. But they don't go there. I'm sure the girl would like to have sex with the boy. But she never does.  This movie is so boring and boring and nothing interesting happens in it. I wish I had been able to find out more about the movie and its characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete waste of time. It was so uninspired that it almost made me want to watch the movie over again. It looks like the movie was made to be a promo for the movie. It's about as entertaining as watching a car wreck. There's no tension, no fight scene, and very little action. The acting was poor, and there were too many stupid and unnecessary plot lines to make the movie worth watching. I think the movie is probably one of the worst attempts at a horror movie I've ever seen. The idea was to make a movie that looked like it was actually scary, and the only way they could do that was by adding a few cheap gags. The result was a very boring movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of time. The plot has no impact whatsoever. It is just a very lame and uninspired way to kill time. There is a few things worth mentioning, but it would be better if this movie was in French, and if it were not in English. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not even worth reviewing this film. It's about as interesting as the first half of "Wicked" or "Scary Movie." It has all the same plot elements from those movies--that are more entertaining and less predictable--and is worse.  "Scare" is a great movie; I saw it twice and enjoyed it to pieces. "Scream" is so much worse. The director had no idea what he was doing. He is the one who put a few of these movies out into the world without making them entertaining. The acting is so awful that it's almost impossible to believe any of them could possibly have been made.  This is an example of a horror film that, even if it's a low budget film, should have been rated at R. This is what you expect from "Terrance", not "Scared".   If you want to see a movie that contains a great plot and is entertaining, watch "Screwed". It's more interesting, it's more scary, and it has a lot more personality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie that has to be one of the worst movies I've seen in my life! Why is this movie called "Barely Lethal"? Why was this movie made? How can anyone watch this movie without wanting to throw it up? How did they make this? Why are there so many scenes that I can't remember the names of? Why does the movie have such terrible special effects? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so awful, it's like watching a low-budget horror movie. It is so slow, so boring, and so, so, SO long. It's like a high school drama where the director and cast are so awful. I'm guessing this was the director's first feature film.  The acting is so bad. The dialog is so stupid. The story is so incoherent. The acting and direction are so, really, so bad, that it's almost impossible to believe this is a real movie. The entire movie is made out of so much crap, and the director/writer (who seems to have done this entire movie with no supervision) is so, such a total idiot. I really wish I could give this movie a 1 out of 10.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't even remember what movie I was watching, but the first thing I thought was that I was in a movie: "The Little Mermaid" was a total waste of time.  A movie like this shouldn't exist. I think that Disney should consider doing something with their time. They could create a TV series based on the movies, but I think it would be much better to do something else.  If you want to see a cute princess, then don't watch "The Princess and the Frog". It's just a waste of your time. It's not a good movie, not at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to give this movie the benefit of the doubt. I would say that it was made with the intention of bringing out a bit of schadenfreude. I know that people like to be entertained and that's what this movie is. I have a problem with that. It is just as much a movie as "Bachelorette" is.   The movie itself is about a very, very stupid, boring, slow, and completely uninteresting woman who has been dumped and who is going through some sort of relationship, which is actually more of a disaster than it is a romance. This is the same as most rom-coms.  The film begins with a man who is a moron and a woman who is an idiot. They meet, they kiss, and they get into a relationship.  I don't know if there is anything in this movie worth the seven hours it cost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only way I can see this movie. I'm a huge fan of Disney's animated films, and I thought this was going to be one of their best ever animated movies, but instead of doing anything fun or funny it turns into a very slow, dull and boring film. The story is not really any good. The acting is also very dull and there are no jokes in it at all. I really think that Disney should have stuck to their old cartoons and tried to make a new animated movie instead of trying to recreate this one. I found the ending rather sad, because it was very predictable and I did not feel anything at all from it. The visuals are pretty bad and it's not even a Disney movie, it's just an attempt at a Disney cartoon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was supposed to be the second installment of the trilogy, "Falling Down" starring Peter O'Toole. But it was a total disaster. It has an awful script, boring characters, and an annoying sound mix. The whole thing is so rushed, it's not worth watching. The only good thing about this film is that there are lots of funny bits. But if you don't want to watch a dull movie, just skip the whole thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had the opportunity to see this movie when it was first released on DVD. I saw it on DVD, then on video, and I thought it was a great idea. Then, I saw the DVD, and it was just horrible. I mean, I just could not take the time to watch it over again, even after it was over. The movie was awful. The acting was so awful that I was left with the impression that the actors did not know how to act. The script was so far off that it was so obvious that it should have never been released. It was so bad that it made me feel sick, not in a good way. The special effects were so bad, and so bad I had to stop watching it to take a break. The only redeeming point was the "jokes" in the movie.  The only way this movie could have been a good movie was if the actors were playing themselves, but that just didn't happen.  This movie is simply awful. I can't believe that people would waste their time on this crap. I am so sad to say that I will never buy a DVD of this movie. If you want to see a movie that is terrible, you can buy it on video instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had absolutely nothing to do with the movie's storyline or the actors. It was made for a stupid reason.  It was completely devoid of logic and there was absolutely no character development whatsoever. This movie could have been easily mistaken for an animated cartoon, but I'm sure this was just a ploy to keep the film in the theaters. The only redeeming factor was the characters, but even then it was a complete disappointment. I found the entire thing so tedious that I could have given it 2 out of 10.  My guess is that the writer had never seen the movie, or just didn't care. This is a movie that should have been watched on TV, not in theaters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people seem to think this movie is the funniest comedy ever. The fact that the actors in the movie are actually actors from the show makes it seem like a joke. The film starts with a typical action/comedy premise, and then slowly becomes boring and ridiculous. This is only the beginning, and the rest of the movie will fall into this same category. It is a joke in the first 30 minutes, and is not funny in the rest.  If you are a fan of the show, you can skip this movie and go straight to "A Study in Stupid". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this video, you'll find a bunch of people in a bunch rooms. Most of them don't look very interesting and are just acting. In fact, it's quite depressing to see a bunch with their faces all messed up. The acting is awful, the camera is terrible, the movie looks like it was shot in the late 90s or early 2000s and the music isn't really great.  The best parts of this movie are the characters who are not in it. The characters that are in the movie are nothing like the characters in the video game that they're supposed to be from. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have no idea what the producers were thinking when they made this. The acting is awful. The story is so unbelievable that I had to re-read it several times. It's one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen. There is no way the actors could have made it up their own minds. This movie made me think the people in it were just trying to be funny. This film was a waste of time and I would have avoided it if I could. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few hours later I found out why the movie was so awful.  There is no plot.  I found that the main character was a man who had gone insane and killed his own family in the woods. I did not see this in the book, I just saw it in the movie.  The film had a lot of problems, but the actors did not know how to act, and that is not surprising.  My rating is a 1/10. The movie was not worth seeing, but I will watch it once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like to laugh at people, then this film is probably going to be the worst. It is just not funny. It's just not. The main character, a middle aged man, has an idea, that his friend was the one who killed the man he had always been friends with. The only way to prove that he's right is to go to the police station and accuse him of the murder. However, the police have no reason to believe that he is telling the truth. There are no leads to go on. The whole movie is just awful.  The main reason this movie was so awful is that it was so unoriginal.  It was so poorly directed and the acting was so bad. The script is about the worst possible thing that you could imagine a script to be. If you can't see a script like that, then maybe you're not capable of writing a good movie.  I can't believe that it had to be so bad to be made into a horror movie. I can only hope that this film will get a better fate than that of the other two horror movies I just reviewed. The first was a complete disappointment, the other was just a complete disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a huge fan of the show, and as a kid I always wanted to be a part of the cast, but they would never let me. I thought I was really close to being on the show when they tried to convince me to join. This show was a waste of time.  I felt as if I was watching a horror movie or something. I was so bored, I couldn't wait to get my money back. The actors were bad, the story was stupid, and the show was totally unwatchable.   My only good thing about this movie is that the DVD came out in 2006. I'm sure there are still a lot of people out there who love the show. But, for me, this movie ruined my interest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm just gonna throw out the word, because I know you won't want to hear it. It's a very, very bad movie. It has almost no plot, and it has no direction. It just...starts and then fizzles away. It doesn't seem to have a plot, it doesn't have any sense. It is just a series of images that just happen.  I can't believe how stupid it was to make this. I mean, it's just a bunch of guys walking around, talking to each other, and having conversations. And no way do I believe this could be an actual movie. I think it's got some kind of crazy idea to have the guys walk up and down the street. That's the only way it could possibly have a story. There's no dialogue. You could probably do this in real life, I guess.  It's not even funny, it just goes on and on and never ends. I'm so sick of this movie. If I was making a movie, I would just make the movie like a movie. You'd have a set up, some scenes, and then the rest of the movie would be shot.  If you want to see the film, you should just see the movie itself. But don't waste your time. Just get a movie to watch, and don't spend your time wasting your time with this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing this movie in its original, I just could not bring myself to even give it a rating. I had to sit through the whole thing, but when I finally decided to watch it, I was shocked at how awful it was.  I've seen worse from a lot of people, but this movie has been absolutely and totally the worst. There are some great actors in this movie, but the plot is so poorly written, the acting so painfully bad, and the humor so incredibly awful, it's no wonder that it's so terrible.  It's no coincidence that this movie came out at the same time as "The Hunger Games", which is one of the worst movies ever made. It's just that this one came out a few years earlier. That's a good thing in my opinion, because I wouldn't want to put both of these in the same sentence. I'd be able to understand this movie being better than "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" if it were released after that movie was released, but it's just not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie is a waste of money, it's very predictable and the acting is terrible. I'm sure the actors were all paid their own money, but it's a shame to waste that money on such a bad film. I don't understand why people have such an obsession with the characters in this movie. I thought the actors looked like they were auditioning for a part of a bad TV show. The script is very predictable, it was so predictable that I found myself reading it backwards. It was like they wanted to make sure the viewer knew what was coming up. This movie should have been called "Scary Movie: One Act". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just found out about this film after seeing the trailer. I can understand why it got such a negative rating. However, it really is just one movie in a series, and the fact that this one has the same plot but is even worse than the other two is just stupid. It does not even get a passing grade. Just one sentence. Just like the rest of the series, the plot is terrible.  There is not a single interesting plot point in the movie, there are just stupid bits and pieces. I really hate to say it, but the director does not know what he is doing. He is just a glorified directorial assistant. I just wish that the producers had a clue how to do a movie. I mean, I could have made it better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the movie boring. It had a few bits of humor, but was very disappointing. It also had a really weak plot. The characters seemed so weak and I kept wondering what they were doing to get in that room with the other people. I felt sorry for the actors, but I didn't really like the script. I think this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is so bad I could never figure out what they are doing in the next scene or what their goal was. The only thing I like is that the sound effects were very poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so poorly written and directed that the only thing that comes through is the fact that the writer thought it was funny. The movie is so devoid of any plot that it could have been a straight up TV comedy or even an anthology, but was left to stand on its own two feet. There are so many holes in the plot that I am not sure why they even bothered trying to make this thing. There was no point at all in the movie that the viewer could see any plot. The story of a woman who is on the run from her abusive husband and decides to take her own life because she has been through so much that she cannot cope with it any more, the husband decides to get in touch with the local police and she begins to receive threatening phone calls and even some of the cops in the film are clearly just trying to get her to take the matter into their own hands. The film has no heart at all, the woman has no character and it is so flat that the characters all seem to be interchangeable.  The movie would have been better if it had been made with a script by someone who actually knows what a screenplay is.  All in all, this film was an absolute waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the previews, and the first time I saw it was on DVD. I found the previews to be a bit deceptive. They seemed to be about a week old, and I had to see them in order to get to the point.  I've never seen a bad film from a bad director in my life. I'm not even sure if I can say the worst movie ever made is a bad-movie. It's a complete disaster. There is no humor. It never even got to a point where you could laugh.  It just seemed like the director didn't have any confidence in his abilities, and even seemed bored when he had the opportunity to make his own movies. I could hardly believe this film was even made. I really wish I could remember the credits and if I could find out who directed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie follows the story of a young woman who becomes addicted to drugs. She goes to live with her sister and brother in their rural house and is left to fend for herself and try to find a way to support herself. Unfortunately, her brother dies of a drug overdose in his bathtub, and she starts to become addicted to the drug. She becomes obsessed with her brother's dead body and eventually kills him. It's just a typical teenage movie cliches. There's nothing really special about it and the acting is fairly weak. The only redeeming factor of the film is the fact that there is a bit of horror in it. It looks really cheesy. There are some decent shots of a murderer and some good scenes where the killer appears and kills the characters. However, the entire film is just about an hour and half of the worst film I have ever seen. I rate it about a 1. I hope the film never gets a DVD release. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete waste of time. The movie is so boring and uneventful that I have no idea what happened to the characters in the movie. I'm pretty sure the movie was filmed in a dark basement. The characters are completely uninteresting and the movie never gets any real momentum. It's really a waste of your time.  The plot is a total mess and the actors don't even try to act. I give it 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise, plot and even the characters all seemed to have no place in this film. The whole thing seemed to come out of nowhere. And then there were the actors. The two lead actors seemed totally wasted in this mess.  The only redeeming quality I saw in the movie was the film's title. It was funny, but I cannot recommend this film because it is completely unfunny. I cannot believe that this film had a chance of being released in any way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the most unbelievable movie ever made.  The script is ridiculous, and the acting is very, very bad. You have to see this film for yourself. It's about as funny as the movie version of The Naked Gun, and it was a bad parody of that movie.  And to top it all, the movie was released in 1999. People who saw this film in 1999 probably laughed at it. But people who saw it in 2013 probably laughed.  I can't recommend this movie because it's a total waste of your time.  If you want a comedy with a pretentious pretentious title and horrible acting, this is not the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title says it all, and the only redeeming thing in this film is the music. The score is awful. A few minutes into the movie you might wonder if the music isn't just meant to be a distraction, but that's about the extent of the enjoyment I've gotten from it. The plot is a complete mess and has more holes than a five-lane bowling alley. There's no plot to speak of and the director of photography can barely draw the outlines of the faces of the actors. It's an embarrassment and I hope this film has been destroyed by the censors.  I'm sure the director would rather just be able to watch the movie without being able to tell anyone what the movie was about. This is a case where the director just didn't care. If you like to see a bunch of people trying to look at the screen and say things they don't want to be said, don't bother. This movie doesn't have a story and should be left alone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had me thinking it was directed by one of those indie horror films from the 80s. But it was just a mediocre piece of crap. I was completely expecting to get some nice scares but it just seemed to drag on. I could never get the movie to really get to the point. The acting was also very disappointing.  In fact, I think this movie is the worst horror movie I have ever seen. It was really a waste of my time.  If you're looking for a movie with some great gore and weird scenes, don't waste your time. The director did try to do a nice little horror movie with a little comedy, but it still just fell short. The actors are okay, but they were probably paid very little for their work.  The DVD is really bad. The video is even worse. You can only see the video if you're really into it. If you want to see a low budget horror flick that's not as boring as it could be, go for the DVD instead.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame because the whole thing had some good bits. But there was also a major flaw in the way the movie was made. The cast, for instance, really did not act at all.  The story was pretty much predictable, and the only real suspense was how the killer kept his face so close to his victims.  It just wasn't funny at all...it was just so predictable. I would give it 2/10. It was so dull, and not funny at least.   It is a shame that the original script has never been released, because it is the one of the worst things I have ever seen. The acting was terrible, and it was so slow and boring...it made me want to go and get some popcorn and drink some beer...I wish it had stayed in the theaters!  I would have given the movie a 3/10, but I cannot give it a lower score. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a real action movie: look elsewhere. This movie is just a waste of time. I'm sorry to say that this movie is about 10 minutes shorter than the other 10 movies listed here, but if you don't want to see 10 minutes of the same movie twice, you'll have to look elsewhere (and if you do, I'm sure you'll enjoy the same film I do). But if you want to watch a movie about 2 people on a desert road that's 10 minutes too long to be enjoyable, I'd recommend a good movie like "Frozen River", or "Marmosets". But if this movie was 10 minutes longer, it'd be just 3 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie, and then I went to the movie theater, and watched it again. It wasn't that it was bad, it just didn't seem to get me all that excited to go see it. And I'm really not that excited by most movies in theaters. I can just sit there and watch it, but it's just not the same as when I go out to the movies.  This movie just didn''t have the same feel of a fun, interesting, engaging movie. I don't even want to know what it was that made it so hard to watch. It was a total waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is actually pretty funny, but it doesn't really help anyone. In fact, I didn't like it even though I know the writer was on the other side of the camera. The rest of the crew seemed to be very uninterested in the film and didn't seem to be able to find the humor in the situation at all. I'm not sure if they were really actors or if they had to do the scenes and were just playing along.  I know some of the actors, so I'm guessing that the whole crew was just hired and not really involved. In any case, I'm really disappointed to see that this is the only film that's ever been released on DVD. It's just not worth it to see the actors playing themselves on screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was okay, but it was nothing special. It was more like the movies I've seen from the 90's, except it didn't have any originality. The story was lame and the acting was below average. The cinematography was terrible. The soundtrack was boring.  The acting was so bad that I can't understand how the director could have thought that this was an entertaining movie. I really wanted to see a different movie with different actors. The acting in this movie was just so bad. The plot was weak, and the story line was stupid. It's just like a bunch of old people telling stupid jokes.  I just hope the actors did their jobs well. They should've been cast in better movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this movie twice. The first time was with a very good friend. The second time was in the dark, and was not at all enjoyable. It was just the same old thing, and in my opinion, there are better movies out there. This movie was just like the first movie in which I felt the most disrespected, and didn't like the fact that my friend and I were being called out on the fact of our being friends.  If you are looking for a fun time, look somewhere else.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first few minutes of this film is a really strange mix of fast pacing and amateur actors. There are several shots in the first minutes that could have been in the director's short film "Tallgrass" and the movie would have been even worse.  There are two or three scenes that should be taken for what they are - not a horror film. The rest are so obviously poorly written and directed that it's hard to imagine why anyone would have ever wanted to watch it.  I have a feeling that this film was never intended to be seen by the average horror filmgoer. If you want a really boring, poorly directed film with amateur actors and a story that does not seem to have any sense of the horror genre, I would recommend that you watch "The Last House on the Left". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film. The director has no talent, nor the capacity to make a movie even half decent. The actors are either unknowns or very bad, and the plot is weak. There are many scenes that are very poorly written, and most of the film seems to be more about character development than anything else. The only thing that keeps the movie from being a complete failure is that the acting is OK. It is not as good as the other actors who have worked on the film, and if it was, I would think it to be much better.  The music is bad. It's very annoying, and only seems to make up for the awful script.  Overall, this is a very bad film, but it's not nearly as bad as the "Clerks" movies, which I don't think anyone has ever rated that badly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is an embarrassment to cinema. It's just not a movie at all. There are too many unnecessary, incoherent and nonsensical plot twists, the acting is not good and it's just plain boring. There is absolutely no plot, no resolution, no sense of progression and no sense that anything is happening. In the words of the reviewer "I was just going to write a negative negative review, but I just can't stand watching movies that are like this. I'm sure I'll never enjoy a movie again." I really don't know what they were thinking when making this film. It just made no sense, and the acting was not much better either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I just can't get used to this kind of film, it's just awful. I mean the music, the story, the acting, everything about it. It's not even a good romantic comedy. The characters are so stupid. I don't know why they even bother to make a movie. They just have to have a bunch of stupid characters. I really wish there was a way to find out what really happened in this movie. I wish that if anyone sees this movie, they'll ask some of the cast members about what they did in this flick. I think the guy in the movie with the stupid hat, he's really just one of the worst actors I've ever seen. I just wish he could be in another film because I know I'll never like him again.  "  This is really a bad, very, very bad film. The actors aren't even remotely believable, the script sucks and the story is completely unbelievable. I'm not sure if I can give this film a negative rating because I'm really not sure what the point was. I've never even seen a bad romantic comedy before. This one's just too weird, stupid and unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so incredibly boring and poorly acted, it makes no sense at all, and its characters are so stupid and ridiculous, that the plot seems to be nothing more than a few scenes with some really lame and poorly placed effects. I think this film should be avoided, but I must admit that I liked the original, which was better than the sequel, which has not lived up to its predecessor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I am sorry to say that I just had to write a negative opinion about this awful film. This movie is about as entertaining as the "Famous Last Words" movie. There is absolutely nothing interesting or entertaining about it. I could have just as easily watched "The Last Words", "Death in the Air", "Last Man Standing", "Sons of Anarchy", "Man on Fire", "Red Dead Redemption", "The Bourne Identity", "Empire Strikes Back", "Twin Towers", "Fool's Day", "Rambo", "Tombstone", "Predator", "Gone", "Beverly Hills Cop", "Dazed and Confused", "Bad Boys", "Cocktail" and "Die Hard" - but you can't do that because I have seen all of them. This film has absolutely no humor and is really boring. I just couldn't get into it. There were several times where I thought the camera was rolling and then I noticed the camera angle changed.  The story is pretty lame, there are too many plot holes and there is no real reason for the characters to be in the hospital and the people in the hotel room, except maybe the police. The story line about the car in the hallway is very poorly written. The "Famed Last Words"'s finale is pretty pointless. The film is filled with so many characters that it would be better if the characters were replaced with cardboard cutouts or cardboard props.  It is definitely not a good movie. It has a few amusing moments and a few funny people, but it really just isn't all that entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an effort to show how the characters of the film felt about the events that they portrayed, this is what this movie looks like.  The film contains a lot of pointless, self-congratulatory moments and a few moments that are very funny. It also contains a few scenes that are so poorly executed that you'll be asking yourself why you even bothered.  Some people will probably see this film and think that the director is actually trying to show a positive side of the movie. However, I think that it's just too far out of the norm for most people. I'm not sure if this movie will be any fun at all for anyone who watches it. The acting is so wooden, the direction is so bad, and the acting, while OK, is not good enough to give this movie any real value.  I give it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie looks very amateurish. There is a lot of shaky camera work and a lot more editing mistakes than I am used to. But I can't be critical about the movie. The script is a disaster and there are a lot (10?) of editing mistakes. But if you are interested in seeing a short movie, I would recommend checking out "Loser"  I would advise not watching this film unless you like amateurish editing and shaky camera shots. The actors are too inexperienced, the acting is very bad and the movie looks like it was filmed in a dark bedroom. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is something seriously wrong with this. I can't believe this has been made. What the hell is the point of this movie. It's a waste of time and a waste for the director. The script is horrendous and the direction is so awful. It is so boring, it's unbelievable. The acting is even worse, even for this cheap film. The whole thing is so terribly made that it's a wonder anyone was able to make it.  This is a complete waste of your time and money. I've seen worse. This is worse.  I cannot recommend this film. I cannot believe that it has been allowed to get this far. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My favorite movie was "The Big Red One". But this movie, which had some similarities to "The Red One", was so utterly unimpressive. It's simply a waste of time and money.  The plot is completely ridiculous and pointless. The film shows us what is possible with CGI, but the effect is totally lost. You have to sit and stare at the screen for hours and hours just to see the effects, and not one single thing happens. This is an unspectacular piece of work with an extremely limited budget and a totally disappointing script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible, awful, awful movie. There are so many scenes that just don't make any sense and the story seems to be the only way they can explain what is going on. I mean, the movie was supposed to be about a boy who goes to a mysterious place and saves a girl, but that wasn't even remotely believable.  It's just a waste of time. The plot is so weak and the characters are so flat. I don't think they even know what they are supposed to do.  The acting is not great either. I really can't believe that anyone is able to act at all on screen. The two best actors I saw were the two kids from the original "Lets Go to Camp". One of them was in this movie. The other one was not. The kids were so awful. I thought that they were the only reason why the movie made any sense at all.  I'm sure they made the film for free. I doubt they even made any money from it.   It is the worst movie I have ever seen. It's really not that bad, it's just that it is not as good as it should be. I wish I could give it an 8.5 out of 10, but I'm not even sure if I would. I have seen better movies. I'm just not sure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a blatant attempt to cash in on the popularity of the "The Matrix" series. This is the only way the producers could come up with a story for the new movie without going straight from the "Matrix" universe. They couldn't even do it right in the "M" universe, they had to go the other way.  If you want to see what "The M", "M2" or "M3" are really about, go to the "Movie" section of the Internet and look at what other people have done.  It's the lowest level of low, and that's a bad thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst film I have ever seen in my life. I think it was the worst movie I have seen in the entire history of cinema. This is the only movie that I have watched that was made in a movie studio that I was not invited to. The actors are all totally un-credible, they have never been in movies before. The director was also very un-cooperative, he did not even answer all the questions I put to him about the movie and he never gave me the chance to talk to anyone else in the movie. I don't understand how they made the movie to begin with. I have no idea how they could have been able to make a movie like this and get away with it. The only thing I can say for it is that the director is one of the worst director of all time. I really don't know how he was able to do this with such a poor movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been watching this movie since it came out and it's just plain awful! I've had to wait nearly half a decade to finally watch it, and I'm still waiting!  First of all, it's not even really a film, it was just made to look like one! I think it's called "The Last Supper" but I'm not sure. It's about a man who died in a fire and was revived by Jesus Christ. It looks pretty lame, even by today's standards. The whole movie looks like a kids' cartoon. The story line is not even a joke. It just keeps getting worse and worse. I've only seen it once or twice. It was so bad I was worried for the director! I just can't believe it was made for the TV! And that's why it's so bad!  This movie is the worst film I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad and so utterly awful. I really hope that the original movie is coming back because I really want to see what they were thinking with this film. It's a complete waste of money, a waste of time, and a waste to the actors and fans. I would love to see the original version of this movie. It was so much better and was actually entertaining, if you can believe that the actors actually knew the script and could make it funny, it was. The only redeeming quality of this film is that the plot is not nearly as unbelievable as it could have been. The movie is filled with so much pointless nonsense that it's just plain boring. If you're looking for a laugh, you'll find it in the original, but for most people, I recommend skipping this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was very slow and boring. I think this was the main reason why people who liked it did not finish the movie. The story had very little to do with the rest of the movie and just felt like a waste of time. The acting was bad and I can't believe that someone actually had the balls to act like a real woman in a movie like this. The song choice was a little off the mark, but the acting was not bad. But I really cannot understand why people are wasting their time watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of bad movies come out these days. I mean, look at this trailer - it is just like this one! I just cannot believe it.  There was a lot of action scenes, but they were too short. Also, it was very dark, so it was a little boring. The story was boring.  And that's it. You know, I really don't care about a movie like this. I was just hoping that it would make the actors smile. But no! That's it - the actors just stood there and laughed at the same time!  That's a really big problem. I don't know what the actors were thinking! The only thing I can say is that it wasn't a very good movie - but it was still good enough to have people pay money for it. I really want to make a movie about a group of criminals - but I cannot come up with a movie that has an audience laughing every five minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only positive thing about this film is that there are some interesting and memorable characters, but the overall story line is a total waste. A few people get a bit more screentime than they deserve, but they're only there for a few minutes and then disappear. It's just so stupid that it's impossible to care about them anyway. This is one of those films that I feel like I'm watching a "made for TV" version of a comic book, where the people who worked on this film were so desperate to get their hands on a big paycheck they just made a movie about an adventure into the middle of the jungle. It just feels like an effort to be something other than what it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie with a friend and I really did not enjoy it. It was really boring and I think it is a bad idea to waste time on such movies. They always end up being so bad that it is impossible to watch them. I think they are just wasting your time. The fact that they make you think about how great a movie the author is and how great the movie is.  So you could call this a waste of your time or waste of time, what ever you want to call it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a bit slow, the dialogue is very wooden and the music is quite bad. It is so shallow and bland that it makes the audience wonder what was the point of the movie. I don't understand why this movie was made. The acting is not bad, but they really did not care about the plot. I really don't know why it was made, because it is such a terrible movie. It could have been made better by a bunch of drunk teenagers and not the director.  This movie really sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen other people criticize this movie, but I'm just gonna say that I saw this in theaters, and it was awful! This movie was so slow, it would have been good for the late 80s or early 90s, but it is still awful.  The acting was terrible. They did a good job with the soundtrack, and the special effects looked OK, but the direction was just terrible. The movie was slow, the dialog was choppy, the plot was incoherent, and even the special FX for the alien was subpar. The only redeeming point of the movie was that the alien wasn't annoying like I thought it would be, and if you don't care about the alien, it might be okay to leave the movie alone. But if you do care about this stupid movie, go watch the movie and do your best to ignore the alien. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I'll never see this movie ever again, even though I saw it in the '90s.  The whole thing is completely incoherent and poorly plotted. The acting is completely wooden and the plot is weak.  It's a very shallow, low budget, and badly made comedy. It's basically a very bad imitation of "Saturday Night Live". The whole cast is extremely irritating and the director has a habit of acting as if he's really a real-life person and doesn't know how to act. The whole film is full of stupid jokes about the whole movie and it's so awful I could not stop laughing. The main character is the least funny and the worst in the whole film, and that's saying something. It has absolutely no direction or any sort of logic, and it just doesn't make any sense. This is a comedy that will probably end up being made into a very poor remake of "Ladies Man", so if you want to see a film that has a very low budget and is a complete mess, look no further than this one.  I'm sure that I'll see a copy of this movie somewhere on DVD, but if you're a regular "Saturday" watcher, I don't recommend you watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had the audacity to have some decent dialogue. In fact, it had some dialogue which, on its own merits, was quite good. The script was pretty weak, but at least it got the names right.  I was expecting the best from the previous film. And I was disappointed when I discovered it. It's an uninspired and dull piece of work. It had very little heart and was very poorly directed. If you're looking for something which is "artsy", look elsewhere.  The plot is boring and is really just a waste of time. It really should have stayed on the "funny" side of the fence and went for the bigger fish. I'd like to see what the writers were thinking. This was a film made by people who don't know what they're talking about. The movie should have been a comedy or an action film. But it wasn't. It was just a bad film made to look like a thriller. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those "I can't believe it's so bad" movies.  But it's not bad. It's so terrible, in fact, that I couldn't even watch it because I kept getting nauseated. If you're looking for a "bitterly funny" movie about a dead girl, then I would recommend you check out The Longest Yard. This is an overlong and badly paced story with little humor and too much of it made up of plot. The movie begins with a guy being held hostage in a hotel room. He kills himself by biting off his own tongue, and his friend pulls a gun on him and kills him. After he's dead, the other guy comes into the room, tells his hostage he's going to kill him, and he tells him he's been framed for murder.  After this scene, the movie fades to black, and you just want to see how many minutes have gone by.  It isn't funny at all. There's only a few moments that I laughed, but most of the time it was just me getting a bit too worked up. The humor is really bad, and I just can't imagine a person laughing that hard at something like that. It just didn't feel like the movie was supposed to be funny, and it wasn't.  This movie is just plain awful. It has no humor. It is simply too painful to watch. The plot is over the top and the actors couldn't have been in worse places to be. There are some pretty good moments, but this movie is so bad, you really feel like you're watching a movie made by a really bad studio.  The whole movie just felt like it didn't even belong to the original movie. I found myself wondering how much longer it would take for the producers to make the movie better.  I was expecting a really fun, entertaining, and entertaining film with a very strong message, but that's just not what this movie offers. I feel like it's just a cheap, over-the-top rip-off of a bad film. This movie really doesn't deserve to be released. I guess the producers were hoping that people wouldn't remember that it's a rip-and-replace. But they don't want you to remember it's bad, they just want you not to remember that they made a bad horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a mess. It's very low budget, there are many continuity errors, the plot is weak, the acting is horrible. The only good thing is the title. It was pretty fun for a couple of hours. But the movie is too stupid to make me enjoy it for more than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My opinion about this movie: This is the worst film I've seen from this director. There's no real plot, no real character development, no direction, no acting, nothing.  It's basically just a bunch of people playing characters, all having similar names and acting similar lines. The whole thing is just one big pile of pointless filler that just wastes your time. I'd like to say that this was a waste of money, but it wasn't. There was some decent acting in the cast, but the script and direction were so amateur that it makes this movie look like a very amateur film. The only good thing about this film is that the actors do have decent personalities. If you want to see a movie with a story that isn't so shallow, this is the film for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really difficult to say anything positive about a movie that's been dubbed "The most awful movie ever made."  This is a horrible attempt at a low-budget horror flick, but the low budget makes it impossible to discern any sort of horror/novel qualities. The only thing that stands out in this movie is its "wacky" cast, which is made up of a cast of really unmemorable actors and is probably the most embarrassing aspect of this film. The plot is weak and it feels like it's trying to be the "best" film it can possibly be, but unfortunately, it just falls flat and doesn't come close to the original horror/detective novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry to say that this is a bad, but it's an OK movie for what it is. I would like to see a movie like this in the '80s, not in the 2000s.  The story was lame, the acting was bad, and the editing was horrible. You will not find anything good here, not even a nice ending.  In fact, I don't know if there is any kind of ending in this movie. I'm not sure what's going to happen after this movie ends. Maybe a new movie, where the characters have to take revenge and stuff, because of this movie, that I haven't seen yet. I really hope I'm wrong, because I know I'm just guessing.  I just don't understand how a movie that's not a film at all can be called a horror movie.  It is not a horror, a thriller, a horror film, a comedy, or a comedy film. It is just a bad horror film that happens to be in a crappy movie theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a pretty solid, if very predictable, action-comedy setup but quickly turns into a train wreck of predictable mistakes, poorly written dialog, and a predictable ending. The movie is a comedy with an occasional romance and the whole thing is totally predictable. But it's got nothing on a really bad movie, that would be "The Movie," a much less well known but much more recent and more successful "Wolverine" knockoff starring Hugh Jackman. The Movie is, however, infinitely more entertaining and is more consistently funny, despite the fact that its "romance" has zero chance of becoming a romance. This is what happens when the movie decides that romances are "welcome" and not "bad." The Movie has a very predictable plot, and the characters don't have much to say, so it feels like they're just doing their job in a way that doesn't require much effort. It's pretty obvious that the whole movie is supposed to be a satire of romances, but they're really just doing it badly.  There's a few things that make the movie work, but there are more problems. The characters don`t really develop, they just get older and older. They have no chemistry and none of them really feel like they have a relationship. There's one scene where one of the characters seems to have a crush on a woman, but I think that's just the "Wanna Be A Badass" tagline.  Overall it's just a really poorly written, uninteresting, and boring movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie's director and its main star, Paul Verhoeven, have admitted that the movie is not a "true" horror film. They have said that they didn't intend to make it a horror film, and that they were aiming to make a comedy with a supernatural aspect.  I guess this is what they meant when they said that it was "too dark" for them.  But that's not how I see it. I mean, why would they make a horror movie without making one that has a certain level of horror? If they are going to do this, then why do they need to make one that they themselves admit has no horror elements?  Also, why did they put a man who was supposedly a serial killer in a movie that's supposed to have a psychological thriller aspect? What's so funny about that? How can a movie with a serial Killer make a joke about a serial Killers? And how can they make this guy act so stupid in such a stupid movie?  I just don't get it. And I don't think it was even a joke at all.  If you want to see a horror flick that has horror elements, then go to "Scream."  I would say that the only good thing that I can say about this movie is that it is at least a little bit amusing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie, I give it 2 stars. The characters are all poorly written, the plot is terrible and it all comes to a head in the final act.  It was very predictable and very predictable. The only thing that gave it a decent ending was the final scene with the guy who was always the antagonist in the movie and in the other films.  The acting is bad, the writing is bad and the acting is so bad that it could have been a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, let me say that I loved the original series, but that was nearly twenty years ago. But even then I can still see some flaws in this new film. This film is a little too long, and the acting was a bit flat for the first hour. There were a few moments where the actors were just flat and didn't even seem to be trying. And then there's the fact that it was a sequel to a series that was only shown once. And finally, there's an awful lot of violence that could've been avoided by cutting the film in half.  The acting was bad and the story was poor, but I can't help but laugh at the fact of a sequel with a sequel.  If this film had been directed by a good director, I might have thought it was okay. It wasn't, and I would have rated it a 1. It was an awful movie. I would recommend to people who love the original show to avoid it. I wish they would've just made it like the original TV show, which was a little better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very strange film with a really annoying voice-over, a bad soundtrack and not a single memorable scene. A good idea was ruined by poor execution. What is the point of this film? How could it have been made so bad? I don't understand how it could have been. I don' t know how the studio could have made it so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this movie is quite cool, I just wish it wasn't the complete opposite. For a start, it was not the first time in recent history that a woman has killed a man and it was actually quite funny (I think). However, the plot was not interesting and the acting was so-so. All in all, I give it a negative 4/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film, a documentary about a serial killer and his daughter, was made in 1999 and is an interesting, if not a little strange documentary, that is more than likely to make your blood boil. But it is a complete waste of time.  The footage of the killer and the daughter is quite boring and the narration is extremely uninspiring and boring. The fact that the killer's daughter is actually a female and the killer is a male is not really made clear enough in the film to be able to get a good feel for it. The film's premise and premise alone should have been enough to get an hour of film out of it.  But to make it a film about a killer who is a female killer is just too much for a film to have.  It would have been better off if the killer was a female, and the girl was a male, and then they would have had a different movie altogether.  In all fairness, the film does make some interesting points about how the killer chose to kill his victims.  Overall, this is a film that makes me want to punch people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just like a horror movie, but this is not a horror film. It's a lame horror film that just goes for the shock value. The gore, the sex scenes, the violence, and the weird stuff is just so boring.  The only thing worth watching is the ending, and that's just weird and creepy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't say I'm surprised. I know how movies are made, so I know I'll never enjoy them. I don't think I saw a movie this bad in my life, even though I watched quite a few of them in my teens. I just hope someone will see it. I hope it doesn't get out of the country. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that when they decided to do a film of this subject, they must have read all of the negative reviews on the net. It looks so dull and boring that it makes me wonder if the directors really know what they are doing. I'm sorry, but I don't think that they are supposed to be filmmakers, they are just directors. I mean, they can do a lot of cool things, but not this one.  The film is a total waste of time. It is a complete waste of money and a total failure in terms of marketing.  I was actually looking forward to seeing it because I thought it would be better than the other films of the genre. I just can't recommend this film, it's just so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of a group of teens who live together but not in the same house, and whose lives are in some way connected, is, in itself, pretty dull and unsatisfying. But then, they're teens, and they're in the early stages of puberty, so the movie's direction and direction of the camera are so bad that I had to see it again to make sure I hadn't missed anything.  The only good thing about this movie is the music, which is mostly annoying. It is a real shame that this was released in the late 90's because it was so poorly directed, and I was so bored that I wanted to stop it and write a negative opinion about it. It's just a little too much like the B&W version of the movie. It just isn't a real movie at all, it's just this glorified trailer for the B-movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My girlfriend and I had the pleasure of seeing this movie on DVD for the first time. It's an uninspired, poorly acted piece of trash. The only good thing about this piece is the story line involving a strange man and his strange dog. It would have been a good idea to leave the plot in the hands of a better writer, but that is not the movie I want to review.  The plot is the problem. The dog is the only good part of the movie. The rest is pretty bad. I would have liked it to have been better, but this movie is not worth watching. It is not funny, not believable, not entertaining, and certainly not "good". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was a waste of time, the acting was bad, and the ending was just silly.  This is one of those movies that people think "It's just a silly comedy!" and think that people would just laugh.  The movie should have been called "An idiot movie: I'd like to give a few stars to the director for giving the audience the idea that they could laugh at the stupidity, but they couldn't! They laughed. Why do you think that I give you two stars for laughing at your stupid movie? It was just a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an attempt to make a joke out of the 'I'm a good Christian,' 'I hate my sister,' 'Jesus, I'm a hypocrite,' etc...the story line seems to be a joke, but I don't know. The whole thing just seemed to drag.  I laughed and cried at the same time. I was so upset I went to the bathroom and cried for hours.  It was horrible. I can't believe I gave this to my son as a gift. It was a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that some of the comments on this movie are because people do not understand the movie: The movie was boring and not well made. I think the director should have left out the part where the girl gets beaten up and killed by the boys. They were not acting and it was a big mess. The acting was not so good in other parts, too. The movie just lacked the essence of the movie, which was about two guys fighting.  The movie is just not that interesting and not that good. It just has to be a waste of time. I guess the movie could have been a really good movie if it was made in a real cinema. I mean it could have a decent ending and the whole movie could make a lot of money. However, I think it could not be that good to waste time watching it and then go and buy a movie in the same cinema. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director was John Hillcoat, who made one of the worst films ever, "The Black Panthers". In this film, the only thing that keeps the movie from being a disaster is a good supporting cast (including the actor who plays the "leader" of the group). The cast in this film are awful. Some of them are worse than other ones. For example, "Buck Norris", who played the "commander" is the worst actor I've ever seen.  I have seen better, but this film just doesn't seem to have any redeeming value. A movie that has a script that has been written by the same people who wrote the script for "The Negro's Own" and "The Long Riders", I'd say this film isn't worth the time or the effort of watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film with my friends in a pub, and it seemed to be made for the TV as there was no need for the movie to be shown in the pub. But then it came time to watch it in the cinema, and the plot didn't make sense. The movie was full of unbelievable plot holes and ridiculous dialogue. The main character (a guy who talks really fast) gets killed by the bad guy (a girl who talks fast) when she's talking on the phone, so she says something that just doesn't make any sense.  What was the point of the movie? Why would the bad guys kidnap the guy who's in the car with the girl? And why would the girl go back to the baddies house? And how could she have left the house? Did the baddie go back inside and then come out to kidnap the girl when the guy was inside the house. Why did the girl have to go back into the house when she didn't have to? Did she get kidnapped or did she leave the house and get kidnapped? The movie's only point was that the badguy was on the roof, so the girl could go inside and kidnap the badboy, which was stupid. It wasn't even a movie. It was just a waste of time.  It was like a poorly made video, with no plot or plot holes, nothing, nothing. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, because it's just a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen, but I will give it a pass because I was in the theater when it was released.  I can't believe it was rated for a PG-13 rating, but since it was on VHS, it wasn't technically considered a "G" film.  The acting is just awful, the script is just terrible and it was really hard to understand what was going on. I was expecting to see something that looked and sounded like a bad romantic comedy, and I was very disappointed. I could never tell who was who in this film and I didn't care for the characters anyway. The whole story was completely incoherent, and when I did figure it out it was just as pointless and pointless.  This movie was a waste of time and money. The plot and story didn't make sense, and neither did the characters who were supposed to be so attractive. It was just awful. I would say a good movie should have a story line that makes sense and characters who are not a joke. This movie just didn't have that.  Don't waste your time on this one. I wouldn't even rent this movie, I wouldn'T watch it, and if you see it on DVD, don't rent it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sure this film was made for a certain reason, but in the end it was just too dull to be enjoyable. It's not like there was anything really to enjoy about it, except for the acting. I really don't know what's going on in the minds of the people who made this movie, but it's really sad.  If you want to see a film about two strangers who become best friends, this film is not the movie for you. But if you want a film that's just plain awful, go ahead and see this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching the first half of "The American Sniper" I was ready to get a good laugh. Then, the second half came in and I was just left with a feeling of hopelessness. This is the same feeling I got from "Trouble With The Curve". The same feeling you get when you watch "Gangster's First Day" and then "American Sniper" again.  This movie is about a guy who has killed lots of people in Iraq and Afghanistan, and it ends with a guy in his early 20s sitting in a room and making some choice that ends up with him killing a person on camera.  I have to say, "American snipers" doesn't seem to have anything to do with the actual war in Iraq or Afghanistan. It just seems to be a movie about guys killing people on a video screen.  It's not even really about the actual people in the movie. I would rather see movies about actual people who've been in Iraq. It seems a little pointless to have a movie that is really about a bunch of guys in a movie.   It also seems that the director was a real idiot to have the camera angle so low. A couple of people on set complained that the camera was pointed too low and didn't capture enough of the action. I wonder how they think they're gonna get any kind of ratings for the movie now?  I don't really think it was the movie that sucked, I think it's just the director's attempt to get people to laugh. I give this movie 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know, I know. I know what you are thinking. This movie is absolutely ridiculous. If this was a movie from the 70's it would be considered hilarious. This is a low budget, awful, cheesy, stupid film. I can't believe this was made for less than a thousand dollars. I wish I had been given the budget for this movie. If you are interested in making a low-budget horror flick and you want to be able to shoot a few actors and make it cheap, you can go ahead. I'll be happy to take a few hundred dollars off your back if you can't make a decent movie.  The best horror movies have a sense of humor and are entertaining. These movies are so low budget that they are almost unrecognizable. The only reason they are "funny" is because they have no budget. This one has nothing to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an absolute disaster. There is absolutely nothing to recommend it, and the only good thing that I can say about it is that it made the director feel better. The acting is awful and it's a waste of time. The only thing that was good was the cinematography, which was actually pretty good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't have a problem with this, as long as the movie is fun. But this is just an utter waste of time. I don' t think this movie has any plot to it. All it does is talk about the things that would happen if the characters died. It's boring. If I was a teacher I would take it out and burn it.  It's not as bad as the previous movie, "I'm a Freaky Girl" but it is worse. And that movie was even better!  The only good thing I can say is that the movie was directed by Stephen King. The other guy made a really good movie, but he isn't Stephen King so I'm giving this movie a zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only describe the movie as a boring, poorly made, amateurish piece of work. I can't say that I blame the director, I just can't. It is really not possible to come up with something more original and interesting. The acting is just awful, as is the direction, and I can not figure out why this movie is made. It does not even make sense to me. The first scene, when the character tells his friends what he is doing, is absolutely awful. How can anyone make it to the end of the movie and not have the script fail to connect?  A film that is only entertaining because it is so low budget, should not be in the movies. This movie is really just a collection of clichs and bad plot twists that are not even worth mentioning.  I think it is worth mentioning that it is very low budget and it was made by a group of people who were just making their own movies. They obviously do not care about their own films. This is really sad. I guess it was just too expensive. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Masters of the Universe" was originally intended as a film about the "Mighty Mutants" and "Mutants Unleashed" comic books by Marvel Comics, but later it was re-made into a live action film. The original story had some interesting ideas and some great action sequences, but it's pretty much just a glorified glorified, poorly scripted version of the comics. The only interesting part of the movie was the plot. The movie was a total failure. It is completely unnecessary and poorly directed. It has no story. The acting is awful. It had to be made in order to make a profit, but this is not a good movie.  The story of the "mutants" is pretty much completely unbelievable. They don't seem to have powers, they don't appear to have been in the army when they first arrived, they just showed up. They've never seen a single battle, they have no experience, they can't talk, they've never killed anybody. They have no names, they aren't even called that. The story is a total joke.  Even though the movie is only made to be a live-action version of a comic, it should have been a decent "Fruitvale Station" type movie. The plot is completely incoherent, the script doesn't make any sense, and the acting sucks.  I would have preferred to see it as an American Graffiti type movie, because it has better story and acting, but a lot of people don't like it and don't even know what the "Fruits" are, and so the movie just became an embarrassment to Marvel.  In retrospect, it was probably the worst movie I have ever seen. It sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First time I saw this I thought it was a comedy. The opening scenes were actually quite funny, but the rest of the film turned into an absurd mess. Even the ending is ridiculous, the two women (played by a really unfunny couple) can never seem to get themselves to act as a couple.  The story line is so poorly constructed and the acting is so bad that I was surprised to find myself laughing just once. I found myself wondering what this was all about. What a waste of time.  If you want a low budget film for your entertainment, go to a video store and pick out the latest release. The only saving grace is that it's only $9.00. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has a very long, tedious beginning, but it soon becomes apparent that this is not going to be the story about a group of women who are taking over a giant hotel in the middle of nowhere, but a movie about a guy who is trying to get revenge on the girl who killed his sister in the first movie. The first act is about the hotel, but the second act is spent trying to figure out who killed the sister. The last third act is an interesting bit of scenery-chewing, but nothing really worth seeing. The movie doesn't even have a good ending! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the world of cinema, this is an unusual film. I don't mean that it is poorly made, because it isn't, but the way it is presented is a bit off. The story is pretty good and the acting is OK but it seems to be all done on the cheap side. The actors are generally uninteresting or just plain not believable. The whole thing is just a bit pointless, and the idea behind it seems a bit ridiculous. I just wish it was more of a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been trying to watch this movie for weeks, but it never works. The actors just don't have anything to say. The story never really builds, and when it does it comes out in fits and starts. The dialogue is awkward, and the story just seems to be an excuse for the actors to do a lot of stupid stuff. The pacing is just so slow, and it never feels like the actors are trying to make their character do something interesting or have a point to make.  The acting is so shallow, it's not funny at all. I was actually watching the film for the first time, because I was bored, and this movie was the most entertaining thing I've ever seen. I really think it should have been released on DVD instead.  If you're into seeing a bad, uninteresting movie, I recommend giving it a try. It's not even a bad film, but I really wish it wasn't released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After a week or two of seeing this flick and being annoyed by the fact that the plot was so unbelievable it was difficult to watch without giggling or laughing, I decided to finally watch it all the way through to the end. I was actually amused to see how much the plot of the film depended on the fact there was no resolution. If I was able to guess the outcome of a movie, it wasn't this movie. I actually had to wait until the end to see if there was a way to end the film. I did not enjoy it at all, even though it wasn' t a bad film.  It's not a horror film and doesn't even deserve a rating of a 1/10. It is just an incredibly boring and pointless piece of film making. The only good thing about it was that it made me laugh like the day it was released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Big Blue" is a classic low-budget horror flick that somehow manages to take itself too seriously.  The story revolves around a couple that kidnaps and kills a homeless person.  When they're caught, they're given the choice of either being killed or getting the money to pay for their crime.  This makes no sense at all. The script, however, does manage to make things a little worse.  I can only assume that they had no clue what was going on. All they knew was that the homeless person had died, and they had to kill the homeless man so they could collect the money he had hidden in his jacket.  And there was this plot twist that involves the killer getting a car to kill someone else. This isn't a movie: it's just a bunch of characters being stupid.  In case you want to see more of this, there's a DVD with it that's out of print. But I don't recommend buying it. It's just another example of a bad horror movie. It is not even worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's one thing to see a good movie. It's another thing to actually watch it. This is one of the worst movies I've seen. The story is completely unbelievable. Even the "real" movie posters don't match up with the movie at all. The acting is terrible. The plot is extremely unbelievable. The only thing that made it tolerable was the acting. The actors were terrible. I'm surprised that this movie wasn't rated a 1 or 2.  The fact that this film has a rating is an insult to the intelligence of moviegoers. This movie has no redeeming value.  This movie is a total waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so excited for this film and it was supposed to be an action flick but the acting was so terrible. I thought the acting in the film was below average but it wasn't. I mean, they were still able to make it a decent film but it really was awful. I think the director was a bit drunk and the script was too convoluted and not logical. I didn't care about the plot because it wasnt anything worth caring about. All in all, it wasn`t a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast is all too common in these types of films - a bunch of people with little acting experience who just have the luck to stumble onto a script with a title like "Rambo" and are put in a film about a legendary martial artist. Unfortunately, most of these guys are quite good. And the script doesn't help the situation much. If you can get past the first few minutes you'll have a good time. If not, don't bother with this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would say this movie was made in the late 60's but it is way too late to judge it. I saw the film once at a local video store and I think it was around 80% of the way through the tape. I would have taken a few minutes out of my life and seen a better film in the 70's or early 80's.  The acting was so bad and the acting was the only reason why I felt like the film was worth watching. I mean they had the acting chops but they didn't know how to bring out the story.  There were so many other movies from that time period that were just as good.  I really dislike the "tourist" theme because the actors were just actors.  Just go to the movies in the 80's or 90's and watch the movies. The only reason you'll see this is because it was a big hit back then. If you're interested in seeing the original video, you'll need to wait. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A "movie" with a title and not a plot (it is really a series of events, not a story), this film is full of clichs and one-liners and very predictable and predictable. It is very bad and there are no good parts, but the fact that the plot is bad is an extra bonus.  If you want a really cheesy horror flick that will be forgotten about a week after the end of the world, see "Curse of the Cervid" or "Cremains" instead.  The main problem is that it has no story or characters worth caring about. It has no sense or plot, it just keeps repeating itself. The only redeeming quality was the direction, which was fine.  I would like to warn you not to waste your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is basically just the two actors trying to make an action movie. The story is extremely predictable, and the action scenes are weak and uninteresting. It was very disappointing to see that these two actors did not even attempt to make the film a fun action flick.  I don't recommend this movie. I know that it was made in the late 70s, and I am sure that this movie was made to capitalize on the popularity of the "Beverly Hills Cop." The plot and the characters are terrible. It's a waste of time for the viewer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The story is predictable, the acting is terrible and the script is terrible. The script is so poor, it is so ridiculous, the character is so wooden and so stupid. It is so bad, it makes you sick. I would like to see it, but I don't even have to. I just wish they would have gone the whole way and made the movie so that the story was more believable.  The music is so annoying, it just made you want to throw it out the window and never watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm giving this movie one star because it was supposed to be a horror film and there's no reason to assume that it wasn't. But then, what was I expecting. This movie is a complete failure. It's about the same length as "Curse of the Werewolf." And I'm not sure I'm going to watch the film again.  The acting is, at best, at the bottom of the barrel. The gore is pretty tame compared to "Cursed." The music is pretty bland, though it does sound like the band is having a blast. I found the acting to be really shallow and really lacking in imagination.  It's so bad, I don't know what they're trying to do with it. It just didn't have anything going for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie with some good parts and some bad parts, and I have to say that it is quite hard to tell what is good and what is bad. The story is so flat that it can't be understood and the acting is so amateurish that it's almost impossible to understand how they're able to act. I am not an expert in movies and I know that there are some films out there with better acting than this, but I have seen so many movies that I have grown tired of watching them. There are some good moments in this movie and some decent sequences, but most of the movie is really bad and nothing to recommend. The movie could have been more coherent and more fun if the script had been different and if the actors hadn't been so terrible.   The movie was so bad that it could have had a positive review: "A waste of time". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see a cheesy, predictable, and somewhat boring movie where nothing happens, then check out this one.  This movie is like any other boring movie made by people who have no idea what they are doing. The plot is very predictable, the acting is not good, the cinematography is not great, the plot is not very believable, and the music is very poor.  If anyone knows what the heck this movie is, please let me know.  It is not funny, there is not much to look at, there are not really any decent acting performances, and there is very little to look forward to. It is a complete waste of time and effort.   In all seriousness, if you want a cheesy movie, watch "The Godfather Part II" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a waste of money and time for me, and my friends, and all of us, who just wanted to watch it. I think that you could do better with the time and money that you wasted.  There were too many "too many" references to "that thing you like" that made me think I was watching the movie the whole time and not something else. It seemed to have the same type of movie that is so poorly made that I would not want to sit through it if I had to sit in the theater again. I wish you had gone to the local video store and picked out a video of "The Shining", instead of this movie.  I know that you will not like this movie, because you will hate it.  You will not care. You will be disappointed that you have to waste time to watch something that doesn't deserve it. It would have been better for you to spend your money on something that is more interesting, and better, than this movie is.  This is one movie that you can only see if you really want to watch, or are in the same state as I was when I saw this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm writing this review because I don't think the writers of this movie understood how terrible the writing was. I'm pretty sure the movie is the worst movie I've ever seen. I really want to like it but I just can't.  The first time I watched it I was watching the video on a VHS copy of the DVD. I got very frustrated. I kept waiting for the DVD version of this. The DVD version was fine, but I didn't like it.  I donned a pair of big glasses, went to the video store and purchased the DVD of this (because I wanted to see the movie again). It's about as bad as a movie can get. It's like watching a bad film in a theater, but worse. It just seemed like the writer was just having fun telling the story. I don''t understand how they could possibly make this movie without understanding the premise.  All in all, I'm not a huge fan of this film. I can understand why someone would want to see it, but don't expect it to be a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is pretty weak and predictable. The acting is awful, but that's not the point of this movie. The point is that it has to be as entertaining as possible, which is not to be expected. It is so bad that it's hard to believe it could be made. It's not even a film about a person who has to work, it's just a bunch of stuff that goes wrong. It would have been better if the director had been more interested in the characters and story rather than trying to create a cinematic spectacle. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the reviews and comments and I had a feeling that I was going to be disgusted with the movie, and I am just going to go ahead and do that. I can't give a positive review about the movie without giving it an A- in the movie. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It has no plot, no humor, and it has absolutely no plot. There is no plot in the entire movie and I can honestly say I've never seen this movie in any other way. The plot is just a few scenes from an old black man's old movies. There's no direction, no jokes, and no story. The only story is how a black man is in jail and the only thing that he does is try to get out.  The movie doesn't even make sense. It's one of those movies where you just have to turn the channel and not give them any points for having a bad plot. You can get the DVD for only $10, and the movie is just that bad.  It's just plain awful. I just don't know what they did to create this movie. It doesn't make any sense and it's just a waste of time. It makes you want to vomit at all times.   I hope this movie gets the death penalty. It is truly a complete waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie in the original home video release, but was unable to get it on DVD. A few years ago, I rented this movie and it was terrible. I didn't like the movie at all, but I had a chance to see it once again at the local video rental store. I watched it twice, and was unable find any redeeming qualities. The actors seemed to do the same thing over and over again, and I can't imagine why anyone would watch it twice. The story is a bunch of people talking, and the movie just seemed to drag on way too long. I'm not sure if this movie was even released in North America, or if the distributors simply put it out here.  It looks like this movie only ran for about 3 weeks in the UK, and it's not worth renting, or buying. It has a few bits that I liked, such as the "the police officer is a murderer" line and the fact that the detective was the "bad guy". But the rest was a total waste of time. It was about the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The concept was interesting, if not for the plot and the ending, which was very unoriginal and predictable. The movie didn't have enough substance to carry itself. The acting was wooden and there was not much in the way of a plot. The special effects were poor, as usual for this film. The only good thing was the music.  The movie has no point. The story was predictable and the movie only made the audience want to see it again. The ending was stupid and the characters didn't make sense. The cast should be ashamed of themselves. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the same as the other low budget slasher flick "Nightcrawler". Just awful. I can't believe they actually spent money on this. I mean, I've spent quite a few hours watching "Nightmare on Elm Street".  A little low budget horror film from a Hollywood studio (Paramount) that had some budget money to make it.  And this time, it was just as lame and stupid. It is so sad. There's not even one good scene. The only good scene is a scene in the opening scene where they are trying to escape from the house. They are trying for their lives! And they are so far away from it. And then the camera starts panning away from the camera. I hate when movies do this! I don't know why they did this.  I think this is a waste of money. They could have made something with more substance. But they chose to make a horror movie instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie, in the late 80s. I loved the fact that it was directed by Paul Verhoeven, who directed such great movies as "Total Recall" and "The Runaway Bunnies".  However, I did not really like the plot, so I watched it again recently. I was expecting the movie to be a bit more entertaining than it was.  The movie was basically a boring action flick with no plot. It was just so boring I did NOT care for it, and even after seeing it twice, I was not able to watch it for more than 3 minutes before I felt a bit bored.  There was not much dialogue in the movie, and they didn't really use the actors to their full advantage. They seemed like they were just doing the script to make the movie longer.  I thought the actors should have been better than this. I think they should have used their talents to make something more interesting. I also think they could have used some actors with a bit of acting talent. The acting was so terrible that you couldn't even imagine the movie was supposed to be good. I did enjoy the movie once, but after seeing a few times I just felt like I was watching a bad remake.  In the end, it wasn't worth seeing again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was awful, the acting was flat and the acting wasn't even a tenth as bad as it should have been.  There was no chemistry between any of the characters in the film. Even the director himself admitted that none of the actors was very good at what they did. The film's humor was really, really bad.  Even the music was mediocre at best. The only good thing was the final scene. It was very poorly directed and very badly acted.  It's not a great film, but it's the worst example of a "seedy" comedy that I've ever seen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story and the plot were pretty good, but I didn't like the movie and it was awful to watch. The movie was basically just an old man in a bad disguise acting like a teenager. The actors had nothing to do with the story and it's very difficult to see them acting in it.   There are so many plot holes in this movie. It's very sad to see a movie with no plot and no story.  I would have thought the director was going for a comedy, but it wasn't funny at all.  It's basically a bunch of old guys in a stupid disguise acting stupidly. It makes me question the whole "pulp" genre. The director had nothing more to do in this film. He could have done a lot better.  The only reason this movie is on here is because it was on VHS in the 70s and has the most rating, but this movie should have been on DVD instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful film. It makes the characters and story lines boring. The movie's only saving grace is the director's bizarre sense of humor. The film has a few nice moments but overall it just doesn't do much to justify its ridiculous concept. I give this film a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen the director's "The Story of the Robot" before, but I'm sure there are some interesting stories in the screenplay, so I'm wondering what kind of a story was actually being told. It sounds like a classic comedy script from the 1970s and early 1980s, where the characters are too stupid to realize what is going on around them and the script is so ridiculously unfunny that it has the ability to be hilarious but it just isn't funny. The acting is very poor and the plot is a complete joke. I can't believe the film was actually made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a little more from the original, and was not disappointed. But, in the end, this movie turned into a complete disaster. It's just like a bad episode of "I Love You". The writing is so bad and the direction so bland that the whole thing is about as entertaining as a bad soap opera. The acting is OK, but not as good as in the original.  A pity because there was a lot to love in the first movie. And I hope that the sequel has a chance at redemption, but I think it will fail miserably. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director was too good at selling the idea of the film but didn't have much of a clue on how to make the film work as a feature. His ideas seemed to have been taken from a bad episode of "Law and Order". This is why you see the camera zoom in and out and there is no real story or even continuity. The film is only about 10 minutes long. If it had been the other way around, the movie would have ended much sooner. The cinematography is atrocious, and the acting is awful.   The story is boring, but the story was not even the worst part of the movie. The acting was awful, and you can't expect to have a film of this sort made without any talent.  The cinematographer was too cheap to do a good job and the sound track was very bad. I don't recommend this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After a successful career in the '90's in TV, this movie came out in 1995, and was one of the most ridiculous and predictable horror films ever made. It was also very strange for me, because I'd watched the first one, and I really liked it. However, this film was so far off the mark that I was actually surprised it got made in the first place. This movie's only saving grace is the fact that the actors are good. But the script is so ridiculous and pointless that you'll wish you were in the real world. The acting is also really annoying because all the scenes end up being set in the wrong order.  I'm surprised the movie has gone through three seasons. If I had watched it, I would have given it zero stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating for this film is a 10/10 for the script, the acting, and the directing.  The acting is the worst of any film I have seen in this year. This movie was about a character who was supposed to be a very attractive and intelligent woman. She was supposed too have a big family. Her father and mother were supposed to have a lot of kids together. The movie had to have the whole family together. I could just stop and watch it, but it was so boring I just couldn't. I kept hoping for the movie to end at some point, and that the characters would have some sort of conflict or drama.  A couple things that I don't like about this movie: The main character kept looking at her father and her brother (both of whom were supposed attractive, but not the main characters). The whole movie was just about the characters talking about things they didn't care about. I know it would have been better if the movie had just focused on the main character, and I'm not sure why they made her act like she didn't know anything about her family or her life. The music was terrible. It was very irritating. I think they should have used a more recognizable song for the soundtrack.  I really wanted to like this movie, but I just felt so bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film on cable one night. I can't say that it was a terrible film, I just didn't feel it. It wasn't awful, but I wasn't able to enjoy it. I was just frustrated. It was just the worst film I've ever seen. The acting was awful. It's a pity because it was made for a very small number of people, it just wasn't enough. The script was not believable and didn't even make any sense.  The director is a mediocre, unfunny comedian, who is probably going to get fired soon. I'm not sure what his next film is going to be.  I'm giving this film a 1 out of 10. It just was a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was the definition of the "Worst Ever" in my opinion. I thought it was just a boring, awful, pointless, stupid, boring, slow-paced and dull movie. The story is so poorly told and the characters are so poorly written and written to fit in with the overall theme of the movie. It's just like the old movies of "The Wizard of Oz" where the characters talk about a big mystery with no clues as to who killed the wicked witch. The script is so shallow and so contrived that I think this film was written to be shown to a group of people and they would get the idea that this was "The Greatest Movie Ever" for a few hours and then it would end up being boring and just plain bad. This movie is basically a very old, boring "B-movie" that looks like a bunch of kids had made a buncha B-movie. It is a shame that a Hollywood film has to be made at this point. It would be better to just let this movie die. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie looks like it was made by a low-level college student who couldn't afford a decent set of CGI, but couldn't do anything better.  There are few moments where the action sequences are actually moving the story forward, but there are more moments where I felt the film was trying to pull me into it. The movie's lack of originality is so apparent that it makes the rest of the film look so bad. The acting is terrible, and the writing is so poor that it seems to be written by an 8th grader. I can't believe the movie even exists. I mean, if I had to watch an hour of this movie to understand what the movie is actually about, I wouldn't have time to watch another one. I would like to give it a 1 out of 10. If you're looking for a cheap movie, go to the video store and buy some old VHS tapes of the "WWE Wrestler" for your VCR. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first heard of this film when it was mentioned on the web as "the most unintentionally funny movie ever made" but I must admit I was pleasantly surprised to find it. I thought it would be fun but the whole thing seemed to be made up of cheap jokes that were just too unbelievable to believe. I was left with no sense of laughter at all and I just felt the movie was just a waste of time. It's just a sad reflection on our time and how much we waste. I would love to know how much money was spent on this film.  This film was so terrible it made me sad to see that it was made. The actors were not particularly likable, they seemed too much like the average comic actors that we see on TV. I feel bad for the actors that have to play these roles. They are supposed to be funny, not a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so awful that I am not even sure it is a film. It was so bad that I was even tempted to throw it in the trash can. This film had some moments of brilliance but the rest of it was just a bunch of nothing. There were so many plot holes that it was ridiculous. One plot point in particular involved a "high school student" who was so evil that he went so far as to kill his own sister.  This plot point is made even more unbelievable by the fact that the girl in question has no recollection of her sister's murder and has no memory of what the sister's sister looked like at the time. The film just goes on and on with this pointless plot point without ever giving the viewer any real insight into the girl's psyche. The only reason I was able to appreciate the film is because of the music. The music was so poor that I actually thought the film was a CD. The sound quality is just so bad as to make it difficult to hear the dialogue. This is not even the worst movie I have ever seen. I have seen worse.  The film had no redeeming qualities. I was really hoping that this film was going to be a bit of an improvement on the recent low budget horror flick "The Walking Dead". It was not. The acting was poor, the script was weak and the visuals were so poor as to be annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have no idea what's going on in this movie, I suggest you go to the movies: the ones that have subtitles (most of them). In "The Naked Chicken", the plot is so boring and the acting so amateurish that you'll never know what's really going on.  As for the plot, it's not that original. There are elements from "The Terminator" and "Talladega Nights", but the movie is so weak, that you don't care if you're the only person who didn't enjoy the movie. The "Walking Tall Girl" is a good idea, but this movie is the worst of all.  A bad movie is what it is. A bad script is what the movie was. It was a movie that I'd give it 3 out of 10. I wish that the director and the writer had spent more time making it funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film that I have to rate in my rating system because it is a waste of time and money for anyone who was looking for something better.   It is so bad it almost makes me feel bad for watching it. It is a comedy so far. It isn't funny, and I can't see how it is supposed to be funny. I can only assume that they got the actors/directors in the editing room to try to create comedy out of nothing. I'm not joking about it. The story itself isn't worth your time, and the acting is so terrible that it is downright awful. I gave the movie a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that "Pleasure" is a film for young people who are only interested in being entertained and not learning anything in life.   The plot was not interesting. The characters were predictable. And the plot seemed to be made up of an endless number of clichs. I think the filmmakers had absolutely no intention of making this film and were simply trying to create a film about sexual desire. That is not a good film to make.  I found the film to be utterly boring and I did not want to watch it again. It was like seeing an hour of bad pornography.  The acting was very poor. The film looked absolutely dreadful and I felt the movie should have cost a lot more. I was very surprised to learn that "The Pleasure Principle" is one of the highest grossing films of all time.  If you have ever had any sexual feelings or desires then you will not enjoy this film. I would not recommend this film to anyone, not even if you are a young person who wants to make money off of sex. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst film I have ever seen. It is very slow, almost too slow. If you are in a hurry to get through this film, then I suggest you turn it off. This is a slow, dull, and uninteresting film.  The only thing in this film that made it interesting was the use of blood in the film. And I thought it was pretty cool.  If you don't like fast paced films, don't go see this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure what this is, and I've tried to look up every possible explanation for why it's so terrible. I suppose it's just bad. I don't mean to say that this is a bad film by any means. It's just not as good as other films of this genre, and that's the problem. I guess you have to understand that these movies are trying to be all things to all people, and it's impossible to do it without falling into cliches and clichs.  I have to admit that I'm surprised it got made at all. I'm sure there are better horror films out there, but this movie just didn't have anything worth saying. It seemed like a really cheap attempt at making a horror film, but it didn't make the cut. It doesn't really even deserve a rating. The ending, although not as clichd as the rest, was a little bit of a letdown. And even though the acting is pretty good, it's hard to find any reason to like the characters. I think I'm going to have to give it a 1/10, since I don' t really have any interest in seeing a movie with so much crap in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad, it made me feel sick. This movie had a lot of the same issues I have with other "bad" movies (see: A Monster Calls, The Toxic Avenger, the "I'm a monster!" scene from Monsters Inc.) but worse. It was so boring and predictable, I was wondering why they did not make this movie into a movie instead of just making a bunch of really lame short films that people like to watch because it makes them feel like they are actually experiencing something.  The actors, like the ones from "The Toxic Avenger" and "Monsters Inc.", did not seem to be able to act, and it was not funny. They seemed to have no idea what they were doing and could have done better with their lines. They were too old for their age and too fat for their height. The plot was so weak that I was expecting a monster to turn out the next day, and that was the only thing that kept me from loathing this movie.  If you are looking for a good movie that you can enjoy on a low budget, look elsewhere. If you really want to watch a bad flick, look at "Nightmare Creatures" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the trailer for this film and was shocked and not in love.  The director said there was a great story in it, but was forced to add in a few scenes and even the end credits.  I thought the movie was about the "mature" characters and the "tough" characters. However, there was not enough fight scenes. Also, the ending was just stupid.  One more note: I'm not a big fan of martial arts movies, and I saw this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at the film festival, and I just didn't think that the story was believable. I found it interesting that the actress was a blonde and the guy was a black guy. But then it happened. The guy in the movie was really hot, but the actress is not hot at all! The whole thing was a mess. I don't understand why this was made in the first place. It would have been better if the movie had been made before 9/11, then there would have at least been a bit of plausibility. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, I thought that the director was making fun of all the "I'M FROM AMERICA" movies. I was also kind of surprised by the fact that this was the only movie that was made entirely in the accent of the US. There was some humor in it, but it didn't go beyond the level of making fun. It felt like a complete waste of the money. It was also just a very boring movie.  In one scene, the movie was actually funny, but there was no reason to have it. I know it is not a perfect movie, but I was not expecting it to be a perfect one.  The only redeeming quality is that it was filmed in Japan, so it was at least something new. But in the end, it was a complete failure. It just made me sick to see how many people thought it was funny and how many others didn't care. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an unoriginal idea that the studio wanted to create. They had already made a film about a man who lost everything and then got it back. It would be a little like "The Man Who Fell Through Time" except with a plot about a crazy person who is crazy because he can lose his memory and then gain it again. The movie would have been so much better if the characters had had a more natural sense of humor. The story is uninteresting and there are no jokes. The only redeeming factor was the cinematography and the music. It's about a guy who gets back what he lost through the use of a special "time machine."  I give the movie one out of five for the fact that it has a great idea, but no redeeming qualities to make it worthwhile. If you want to see the only comedy to feature a man losing everything and gaining it back, then you'll have to look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was nothing redeeming about the film itself.  The characters were too stereotypical to be believable and there were too many plot holes that were completely obvious. The acting was too wooden and the plot had no real point.  And worst of all, I could not believe it was a "movie" and that I would actually like it. This movie would have been fine if it had a good soundtrack and even then I would have laughed at the movie's "buddy-cop" plot lines and the "drama" of the film.  I found this movie to be completely pointless. I had the "giddy" feeling of a "loser" to the movie, a "bunch of idiots" who had to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many movies like this out there, but I just don't understand the logic behind this one. I just feel that there was no point in making a movie like this unless it was going to be funny. The whole premise of the movie is that the girl gets an internship and the guy gets a job and the movie basically ends there. It's not even a plot. It has nothing to work from the characters. In fact, it just makes the characters look worse than they were before.  The movie has some funny parts, but the movie does not make up for them with anything. You will probably not find anything funny to watch after this movie, because it's just so incredibly boring. The acting was not good, and the script is not that funny. It just makes you wish you could stay at home and watch the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an attempt to make a statement about what a movie looks like, this film is full of awful sound and visual effects, and it is very difficult to follow what is going on. I did not understand why they decided to put a big neon sign over the main character's face. Why do they put an ad in the back of the movie that says, "Don't be afraid to dance at the disco"? The dance sequence looks so amateur and the characters do not look like people dancing. It's a real shame, because I was so impressed with the music in this movie.  A film that is so far from good, and so far away from good quality that it just makes me feel angry at this director and that he did this movie for money.   If you want to see a cheesy film with lots of cheesy music, watch this. If you like a good movie, do not watch this movie, or else watch "Fifty Shades of Grey", that's the only good movie about BDSM I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are expecting something like the original "Gulliver's Travels" and are a fan of that series then this movie is NOT for you. If you're looking for something that can be enjoyed by those who are just a bit more bored, this isn't the movie for you either. I found myself bored to death and really wanted to scream. I would recommend it for those who want to see the original series, but do not expect a fun, entertaining movie. I think that the movie could have been a good idea had it been better made. It looks like it was made by a very young filmmaker, who hasn't really made any money yet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is filled with the usual "movie with no hope of redemption", and that's really a pity because the director was the only decent one in the whole movie, so if I'm honest I'm going to admit that I gave this movie the benefit of the doubt. However, I'm not going to waste any more words on this because it's pretty clear from the opening scenes that the movie is just plain boring. The script, the acting, the directing, the plot, the cinematography, and the direction are all sub-standard, with most of it being made with a straight face, so I just can't believe that this movie was made by people who actually care about movies at all.  The only thing I can say for the good parts is that it's funny. That's not a bad thing but I still can't find a good reason to praise this movie. The other things I can mention are the music, the stupid plot, and some characters. But all in all, it's just plain bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was absolutely awful. I was completely unimpressed with it, it made me laugh once or twice but I found myself walking out of the theatre, I was a bit too tired. It was absolutely devoid of any real meaning, I'm a little embarrassed to say that I just didn't care. There was absolutely no story at all, the story seemed to be entirely pointless and there was no real point to it. It wasn't even a movie, it was just an awful pile of wasted time. I'm surprised there were no complaints.  The plot is actually fairly decent, it's really a waste of time. It's basically a series of short scenes, nothing is really explained in the film.  If you are looking for a funny film, then I would suggest you stick to the recent movies:  'A Very British Tragedy' (2007) - I've read this book, so it's probably not too bad - but it was so far behind what was being shown in this film, and what the plot is supposed to be about, that I really can't recommend it. I think that the only real point of this film is to make the audience laugh at the film's ineptitude. The characters don't even really have a purpose, there is no sense of character development, no real plot, it just seemed like an endless succession of really boring shots. The acting is very poor, the humour just wasn't there.  'The Naked Gun' (2000) - This is actually the best comedy ever made, if only I could have seen it in the cinema when it was first released. The film is very entertaining, there's a decent enough plot to it but the acting is so bad that I'm really surprised the director didn't just give up on it and throw everything away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wanted to like this movie, but I couldn't. There was nothing really to enjoy this movie. There wasn't even a plot or story to be found. It was just a bunch of stuff that was not very interesting. There were a few moments where I thought they were going to get it right, but it just didn't happen. I can't believe it was made. This is the only movie I've ever been sick of watching. I would like to think the director and writer were just so bored with the idea that they decided to put it together.  It was so obvious that there was no story line to the movie that it was just kind of a blur. I thought the story was very slow, but the movie never got any better. The acting was bad, the script was really bad, and the special effects were absolutely awful. There is no reason to see this movie other than as a waste of time. The movie looks bad and sounds bad. There isn't much to the picture other than a bunch people talking and nothing else. The special effects didn't even make it look that much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Cute! Cute! Too Cute!" Well, I guess they found out.  They had to come up with a storyline for their film, but none of the characters were likable. And the story seemed to be all about the plot to create a sequel to "The Sixth Sense", which I guess is a pretty good idea. Anyway, they should have cast a less famous actor and used his name. If they didn't have him, I would have given them a D.  I think this movie was awful. The actors were really horrible, and the movie was slow, boring, and over-acted.  There was no sense of suspense, no tension, no direction, and nothing exciting. The only redeeming quality was the music.  This movie was one of the worst things I have ever seen. I just want to warn people who will be watching this film, and tell them to watch out for the other movies that are going to be made. The plot is so boring that it makes the other "funny" movies that I saw on DVD a little boring too.  It is also a good movie to watch with a bunch of friends, but only if you really don't like the actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst, I think. The acting is terrible, the story is pointless and the story could have been better.  The characters are bland and there is a terrible lack of action in the movie. The plot is predictable and doesn't move the plot forward much. The whole movie seems to be a waste of time.   A terrible waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so excited to see this movie. It sounded so good, and I watched it from start to finish, but unfortunately it turned out to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I really thought it would have been great, if it wasn't so poorly written, and poorly acted.  There are only a couple of really interesting parts of the movie, the scenes in the hotel room with the killer, and the scenes with the cops. The rest are just too dull to keep me interested. I just think the script is really boring and poorly written.  I saw this movie in a cinema in Spain and it was so badly made I couldn't believe it. I think this movie would have made much better if it was made in the USA. The Spanish script is so bad it makes the American version look better by comparison.  The actors are so awful. You would think a movie with good acting would be a good movie.  This movie is really disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wish I could have been there to see the disaster of this movie. I was so excited for it when I first read the description of it. I thought it would be a great opportunity to see a little bit of the early days of Hollywood. This is not the case.  It was a waste of time. I didn't understand a single thing about the movie. It seemed like the script was going through the motions and the actors just weren't in the right frame of mind. It felt like a lot of time was wasted on set-ups and gags and nothing ever got done.  The plot was not original or originaly bad. There were only two plot points that bothered me, and they weren't really in the movie's direction. It was just very confusing and unoriginal.  All in all, a waste. If you want a movie that will leave you wondering why a movie ever got made in the first place, you are looking in the wrong place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so predictable. It's a waste of time. There is no point in wasting your time to see this film. The acting is bad and the direction is so terrible. The story is boring, the action scenes are boring and the movie is made to look like it was filmed in the early 90's. The movie is a total waste of your time. You won't be surprised if you see the ending. It has a really long script but the ending is the only good part.  This is a complete waste of money and time. I would not recommend this movie to anyone who doesn't like the 80's or who doesnt like 80's films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of a murder mystery is not what it used to be. It's just one more thing that makes a murder movie. This movie has no mystery to it. There are only two suspects that the police believe are guilty of the murder. There is a killer that has killed people in the past. There's a murderer that knows the killer's identity. There was no mystery or suspense in this movie. There were no twists, no real mystery. It was just a murder, and it was horrible. I could not believe that it was a horror movie. I thought that it should have been called "Monster of the Month."  The movie had the same plot that it used in "The Silence of the Lambs." It had the characters that it uses in "Monster" and the same things that it does in "Manhunt." I thought this movie was made to make people think that the movies are not scary anymore. I felt that this movie should have just been called Monster of the Week instead of "Monster." The only way that I could think of to make this movie more scary was to make the killer a killer. I hated the fact that the killer was an ex-convict who is in jail. It made no sense to me that this guy is out and out of jail. If a person is out of prison, why can't they just be released? The guy is the killer, so why can he not be released and let the people who killed him go free? I felt like I was watching a horror film about a serial killer and a serial rapist. I just thought that the killers should have a serial number to the movie and the victims should have serial numbers to the movies. I wanted to know who was the murderer. I wish that they had a serial numbers system to this movie and that the murderer had a name.  The ending was terrible. The movie was over at the first ten minutes. I was hoping that it would end at the same point that "Man Hunt" ended, because that is when the killer and the victim are dead. I had my doubts that it could be that long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After a few attempts at the "best movie ever" I've decided that this is NOT one of them. The worst part of this movie is the acting, the plot, the direction, and the sound track. This movie is so poorly directed, and so poorly acted, that it makes me sick. The plot is completely nonsensical. The acting is so bad, and their lines so stupid, that they can't be trusted as the characters, they are so stupid that it is unbelievable. I really think they should of spent more money on the script.  The soundtrack is horrendous, and you'll want to turn the sound down. The sound of "Criminal" is the worst in the entire history of horror movies.  I am really disappointed with this movie. It is really bad, but I will not be able to watch it again. I'm not sure what they would do with this film. I can't say it's a waste of time, because I do like horror movies, but this one is just a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first time I saw a movie like this. I've seen the "Walking Man" before, but this is the most inept film I've ever seen. The acting is bad, the storyline is ridiculous and the story line seems to go from ridiculous to ludicrous every ten minutes. Even when the camera is not moving, the film looks like it's stuck in a loop.  The best parts of the film were the beginning and ending credits scenes, where the characters were actually believable. The only reason I watched this movie was because I thought it would be funny. It isn't. I saw it for what it was, a cheap rip-off of the "The Silence of the Lambs", but I could never watch it without laughing. It was really an unmitigated disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about an overweight woman who is stuck in a mental institution, who kills a few of her patients and then commits suicide. However, we are told that this is a movie about a woman who killed herself, and that she was actually a woman in the early 1900s, and in an effort to be a positive portrayal of a female suicide, she had been put in an asylum for people with mental illness. But in fact she was a murderer, and this movie is just another excuse to be racist about women and mental illness, and a very stupid excuse at that. Why not just leave out the whole thing about the women murdering people, and the movie is the same way.  This is not a movie for people who care about women or mental illness or about women's mental illness themselves, it's just a cheap excuse to tell a story about a murder. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am so sorry for all the trouble I've caused to anyone who has watched this terrible piece of work. I have not seen the other two films. I wish I had. It is so horrible that I could not watch it. The only good thing is that I got to see this film on video, and I know that people would like it more if they could see it. I hope this review will help you avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie several times in the last few years, but I cannot figure out what the hell happened to it. The acting was terrible, the acting was so bad I couldn't understand how anyone could have actually thought that it was a good movie. I think that if you don't watch all the clips that the director has posted, you would never realize how much this movie sucked.  This is the worst acting I have ever seen. This is probably one of the worst movies I have witnessed. This movie was so poorly written, it was like watching a poorly acted film. The plot is so boring that you can't believe there is a movie. The script is so stupid, it makes no sense. I found myself wondering why they didn't just make the movie without the director or even make the script so stupid. There are so many plot holes in the script, it's unbelievable.  I'm sorry to say that this movie is so awful, it will haunt me forever. This was one of those movies that I can't bring myself to watch. It is so incredibly terrible, that I cannot understand how they made it and I don't want to. The director, the writer, and whoever is responsible for this film should be thrown out of the industry and never allowed to work again.    It would be great if the director was fired and the writer and producer should never work in this industry again. But if this movie gets released, there will be no one left to take care of the horror movie industry, because the horror movies will be ruined forever.  The movie should never have been made and should never be released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It looks like a comedy but the story isn't really funny, the acting is awful and there's a huge amount of plot holes and unbelievable stuff. It's so badly made that it seems as though it could have been made by someone who doesn't understand the concept of a joke and is trying to make it as funny as possible. There's no real plot to speak of and no reason to make fun of the script. It looks very much like a poorly made comedy, which it is.  The plot is basically a bunch of people getting drunk and doing stuff that doesn't make any sense at all, especially when the lead character tries to stop the other characters from getting drunk. If you want to make a comedy about drunkenness, you can do that, but if you want a comedy where the characters don't get drunk and the plot isn't ridiculous, then this is probably not the movie for you.  A bit of advice, though, is to ignore the reviews. The movie is basically just a buncha drunken idiots who happen to be friends with a bunch a drunk people who happen (or seem to be) friends with some other drunk people. That's about it. The story is so bad that the only thing that made the movie funny was the drunken stuff that happened. It makes absolutely no sense at any point. The plot might as well have been a bunche drunken idiots playing a drunken idiots game and the drunk people just getting drunk because they were drunk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A great movie: a good cast, a bad script. It's not that it's bad - it's just that it could have been so much better. A great cast - a great script - a bad ending - and a stupid premise.  If I had known there was a chance of the script getting any worse, I would have never seen this. But then again, I don't understand how you could have this much fun with a film that is so stupid.    A really, really stupid movie - this is a true review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Polaroid" is a comedy-horror film that tries to shoehorn in the horrors of the world into a family comedy, but never quite pulls it off. It is so flat, so boring and so predictable that it's impossible to know what the movie's point is until it's finished.  The film's main gimmick is the opening scene where a mother and daughter (played by Laura Linney and Amanda Seyfried) sit around a TV set, watching a TV show in which they are playing characters. The father is a bad man, the mother is a good woman, and they're all going to die when a virus destroys the TV set.  Unfortunately, "P Polaroid" falls short of its original purpose, and it's not even really clear what its point was supposed to be. The movie does not have a lot of original ideas; it's more a series of scenes that are supposed to resemble horror movies.  It's also a waste of time and money. It's a far cry from the film that "The Polaroid Effect" was. The film was actually really funny and funny, and I can easily imagine a sequel where the mother and father (played in this movie by Tim Curry and Christopher Plummer) are now in their 20s. I'd give them a better rating if they were younger.  This movie is a waste, and a poor imitation of what it's trying to be; it was so shallow and boring that I didn't care about the characters any more than the camera could see them. It should have never been made, and should have been completely abandoned after the opening credits rolled. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the trailer for this movie and I thought it sounded like something I could enjoy. I guess the trailer didn't help much, but the first 15 minutes was OK. Then I watched the trailer again and it was all downhill from there. The story, the characters, and the direction are all so amateurish. There are a few moments of humor, but for the most part it's just awful. I saw no reason to waste an hour of my life watching this film, and I doubt I will ever enjoy the movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seems that all the actors involved have made their own way to the film industry without a lot of success, and I'm sure it is their own fault for being so bad at the acting. I have no idea what they were making of the script or how they could have come up with such a ridiculous idea. It is not even funny or believable. It looks like someone has been working on this movie for months and has no idea how to write a good script, or even have the ability to write.  The plot seems to be completely random. I cannot believe that the movie was made by a group of people who did not have any clue how to make a movie. I just wanted to watch a movie and it wasn't even funny, but I'm not complaining because it is so bad. The acting is just awful.  If you want to see a bad film, go to see the "Kiss" of the Damned. It's a horror film with a very, very long runtime and you'll be left disappointed if you are expecting to see something funny or even a bit of a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this movie and the ending made me sick. I felt like I was watching a slasher flick with a twist ending. This was the movie I've seen with the biggest and worst twist ending of all time. I just felt cheated.  This movie was bad, the acting was not believable and the acting, if you're looking for acting to make you feel anything, go to the movie that the actress was in.  The only saving grace was the ending. The movie didn't make me feel anything. I don't know what that's supposed to feel like, but I don a movie that didn't have the ending in it. The acting was just horrible.  A total waste of time and the movie is just a big waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an interesting movie. I watched the trailer and the title alone were interesting enough to keep me watching the whole thing. I'm not a fan of this kind of "fantasy" genre films, but this one just made me want to throw it out of my own house and never look at another movie again. I know it was intended to be a satire on the "Star Trek" franchise, but the plot is weak and the acting is laughable. The movie has a weak story and the actors are nowhere near believable. I give it a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was awful. I could not believe that the writers of this show would make a movie where the actors are so obviously drunk. I don't understand how they can get so drunk that they're able to act.  This movie was a waste of time. I was disgusted by the fact that they had to do the whole movie in one scene. The story should have been divided into three or four scenes and then cut into scenes. I would have rather seen the movie over and done with it. The only redeeming feature was the plot, but the rest was a complete waste of your time.  I am sad to say that I did not even want to see the movie because I thought it was so bad. I will now never buy another movie that has a scene like that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got the movie in a video package, I was really looking forward to seeing this film, but it turned out to be nothing more than an annoying, annoying, and totally unnecessary, movie. The plot and story line is so poor and so pointless that I can't understand why this was even made. The acting is not even acceptable for an adult movie, even when you consider that it is about a very young girl.  I really don't know what happened to this film. I don't think it was ever made for the American market, it's just a complete waste of money and time. I just hope that someone from the studio that made this film will see this and realize how far they've gone down the wrong path. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are one of those people who don't like any kind of gore or violence then you won't enjoy this film. It's not funny, and it isn't really that scary. If you really don't care about violence then I suggest you just avoid this film completely. The only good thing about this film is that the story is a little bit different. It has a bit more blood and guts than the original, but it still isn't that good. I think if you really want to see a really low budget horror film without a lot of gore then this isn't the movie for you. The film's story isn't interesting at all. The acting is very wooden, and the direction is awful. I really wish the director had gone back to the drawing board and made something else. I just can't believe that he didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original script was a great idea. But the original script and the script to this film are two different things. It's almost like they were made two separate movies. The original movie had a lot more action, but the film was only 2 hours and 15 minutes long. The script to the movie was almost 5 hours and 30 minutes long (including a 2 hour and 30 minute intro), but only 3 hours and 55 minutes. The film was almost 10 times longer than the original. This is just one more reason why I would never watch a movie that was a direct remake of the original film.  This film is so bad that it's not even funny. The plot is not original. The whole plot is completely made up, even though the original movie didn't have a plot. The only thing that I liked was the "spooky" and scary part of the film. But that's all. The movie was so bad, that I wouldn't have expected a sequel, or even a sequel to the original, because I thought it was so awful. I can't believe that this is the worst movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a total disappointment. There are no great scenes in this film. No action sequences, no fight scenes, no laughs, nothing. No plot, no story. Just a bunch of characters trying to get some money together for a big party. The characters are so shallow that they don't even seem to have any personalities. In the scene where the two friends were playing a game of pool together, it seemed like the characters were acting as if they were two real people, with the characters' voices and facial expressions being completely wrong. The two friends never seemed to be connected to the story. It's really not that interesting either, just a bunch more of the same old clichs that we have seen a hundred times before. The story should have been much more original, but this was the director's first attempt at a film. He probably thought it would be a hit, and maybe it will make some money at the box office. Maybe it will go on to become a cult classic, or maybe it won't even get any attention at all. It was a waste of money and time. I would have rather seen a movie about a bunch a kids getting together to play a game or something else.  I'm sorry I had to write this review, but I just can't stand this film, it's so dull. It doesn't have much action, and it's really just a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie just screams "poor movie", and has been written off as the work of a low-budget studio that had no idea how to make a decent film. The plot consists of a bunch of young men and women who are trying to rob the money they receive from a bank they are robbing. But then the bank manager shows up and tells the gang that the money is just a part of a loan that needs to be paid back, and the gang decides to try to rob him. The movie is very slow and boring, and it contains no real action or suspense. The only thing that kept me interested was the cameo appearance of the bank's manager.  If you want to see a poor excuse of a movie that looks like it was filmed on a college campus, I recommend a different movie: I would suggest the "Hitchhiker's" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was bad, the acting was awful, the music was just awful. It just was awful. I was actually scared that the music would turn the other way and the movie would end on a totally lame cliffhanger. I really didn't like the fact that the movie was rated PG-13 because I thought it should have been rated X.  The movie was so bad that it actually made me feel bad that I had to watch it. I don't even like the X rating, I just don't understand why they made this movie.  I'm giving it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this video in its entirety without giving it much thought before I saw it. I was totally disappointed. I found it very hard to watch because of the low quality, low budget look. I watched it and watched it again. I don't know how to rate it at this point. It's just not worth watching.  I don''t like low budget horror films. I like movies that look good. This looks like it was made for a small budget. It was awful. The acting was terrible. The script was terrible (to the point where it was just plain horrible). It was horrible. There was no direction at all, no direction whatsoever. The only redeeming feature was the opening credits. It looked really cool. I really wanted to like it. But I couldn't. It just looked awful. I can't recommend this to anyone. I'm just going to sit this one out, and hope that the DVD version will be better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a film-goer, but I can say I've seen worse. The acting was terrible, the story had no point, and I could only imagine it was the writers and directors who didn't know what to do. I don't blame the actors, I blame the director. This is a bad idea for every reason except that it was based on a movie that actually came out 10 years earlier.  I can see how people may have enjoyed the idea of a film about the history of the world. I can also see how some people may think it would have been interesting to see a bunch of Hollywood types, including a bunch who were actually good at the making of movies. If you want to see an interesting film about history, buy it, rent it, go out to dinner with friends, but don't watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of friends of mine, who love film reviews, decided to take their own opinions and compare them to the reviews on the Internet. They made their first impressions of the film based on what they read online. I watched the film, and I found it to be utterly lacking in both substance and style. The story, acting, script, and direction were so badly done that I couldn't even get into it.  The cast was bad. They acted so wooden and unfunny, that the film seemed like an impersonation of a movie script.  I think that the director's job here is to make a film that doesn't actually entertain the audience. If you want to sit and enjoy a bad film, go for it. Just don't watch it if you're a film buff, and don't expect to see a decent film out of it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this film was made in a studio where the film is filmed, so I assumed that the actors were using real cameras, rather than special effect ones. The plot is, of course, the usual "he was always alone, but he had a secret love". The problem is that the plot makes no sense whatsoever, and the plot doesn't even make sense when you are thinking. The characters are either boring or completely unbelievable. The best thing is that they never mention the director, which is an improvement, since he's not the main focus of the film and it's a waste of time to find out. But then again, that would make the movie funnier.  It's hard to imagine that anyone would think that the movie was actually a masterpiece.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what happens when a studio makes a bad film with an awful script. The script is so bad that even the actors who are in the film cannot understand what they are doing. They talk like idiots and act like they know what they're talking about. The whole cast is terrible and it's just a mess. I saw it because it was in competition with another awful movie from the same studio and I thought it might be a decent film. However, when I saw the first two episodes I was horrified at what I had just seen. I'm a sucker for any cheesy movie and I was really hoping that the next episode would turn out better.  I just don't understand how this studio has made a decent script out of this script. This is a horror movie made by the studio that made "Nightmare", a really terrible movie that I gave a 7/10. This movie is so incredibly boring and the actors are so awful that I'm afraid that they'll have to quit the industry.  The movie is an embarrassment and I can't believe that the studio allowed this film to be made. The only reason I was able to give it a 10/10 is because it wasn't a terrible film like that other film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an attempt to make it seem like they have a sense of humor about the movie, they do. But there's really nothing funny about a movie where the story has been totally rewritten to give it a nonsensical feel. This movie is so completely devoid of humor that I found myself looking at the title to the movie and getting upset at myself for not finding something funny about it.  Even though I did find something funny in the movie in the end, I really don't think anyone will enjoy this movie or find it funny. The acting is really bad, the movie lacks any humor whatsoever, and the story is completely nonsensical. This is the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. In fact it's a sad little film. What the film tries to do is something that can only be achieved by some sort of brainless and shallow storytelling. This is a film that will probably appeal to the lowest common denominator audience, and it just does not make any sense at all. This movie isn't about anything. It's about a couple who meet each other at a local coffee house. But what happens between the two? What do the couple do? It doesn't really make sense at any point.  If this film were to be directed by a competent director, I don't think there would be any point in watching it. It has no direction.  The whole thing was made up of a lot of sound effects and sound effects effects that sounded absolutely awful. I just want to know if there was any reason to make this film. It was nothing but a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was nothing more than a waste of time. Not to mention the fact that the actors had absolutely no chemistry with the rest of the cast members (although it did have some funny moments, I won't get into them). The story line of this film was so predictable and the acting was so poor, I couldn't care less if I was watching it or not. The only thing I liked about it was the fact it had a few moments of "good" action, but even then, I could have done without it. The cinematography was so poorly lit and the editing was so terrible. The overall score was a 4 out of 10.  I would not recommend this film to anyone, especially not a group of people that are into cheesy horror. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. It's like a video game. There's so much filler in this movie, there's no point in having any more of this crap. It doesn't even make any sense. The main character is one of the worst acting I've ever seen in my life. The film has a very cheesy ending, I'm surprised they even bothered with that. The rest of the movie just isn't very good. It only lasts about 3 hours.  It's so pointless and boring that I couldn't even watch it for all the hours that it lasted. The script is so stupid that it's unbelievable how they could have made it so long and it still managed to get a 1/10 rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The characters are very boring and the plot is even worse. It really doesn't make sense to anyone, it makes no sense at all.  If you want to see an original movie that has a little bit of originality, I suggest you skip this one and go back to the 80's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of time. I mean, there's really nothing else to do in it. The cast is totally wasted on a film that is basically a bunch of people shouting. I can't believe that they wasted money on this movie. If you're in a rush to see this movie, don't waste your time watching it. If this was a comedy, it would have been one hell of a lot funnier.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit I was expecting something better. The first episode of this show was very good, however I was shocked at the fact that they decided to repeat the whole thing with another show. After watching the first episode and feeling bored, I was looking forward to the next episode, however the episode I saw yesterday was not even a second of the first. It was a complete waste of my time. It started with a few good lines, and then they got boring fast. The only thing I enjoyed was the music and the fact the show is called 'The Dark Knight Returns'.  It's not worth watching and I will probably never see it again, even if they will release the next one in three years.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has a very poor, overly dramatic story, and a very slow pace. I saw the trailer and thought it was just a bad action flick. This is not a good movie to waste your time on, unless you are into the "shoot 'em up" genre. It was about 1 hour and 10 minutes. The only thing I can say for it is that they could have done something better with the plot. I really don't think they have the talent to do anything better. I was very disappointed in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just plain awful. I mean, it is really awful.  I would be surprised if this movie made anyone want to watch it. In fact, I would even be surprised that anyone who saw this movie is still watching it today. It is just a total waste of time. There is just no point in even getting to see this movie.  If you can get through to the end of the movie without giving up then I guess you can have a pretty good movie. If not, then you should consider not watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A group of teenagers from Canada get to live in the town of "Naked" for a few months and do things they don't quite know. One thing leads to another, and soon the residents are in the middle of a zombie apocalypse. It's a really bad movie, if you can even call it that, with all the plot holes and unbelievable acting and direction. One of the kids, Jason (Chris O'Connell), is a bit off, but he's supposed to be the "Naughty One". The rest of the group is a bunch of morons, and the whole thing just seems really stupid. One could say that they made the movie because they didn't have enough money to produce a horror movie without some of the actors being over-rated. And, really, how much money did they have to spend on this movie? This could have been a lot better, but a few things got in the way. 1. Jason is supposed to play a "laid-back" type of guy. I don't know how he can act laid-back if he was that tough as a zombie. 2. It was supposed to have been shot on a RED camera. I know this sounds crazy, but there is no way that this movie could have actually been shot using RED! It's like a low budget version of "The Walking Dead". And, honestly, I'm not even sure if this movie even qualifies as a "horror" movie, but it's certainly not one that I would want to rent.  I just don't understand why the cast was so cheap. They just got to make a movie and didn't bother to make one that would actually work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was awful and the acting was weak, to the point where the characters appeared to have little or no intelligence. The only saving grace was the fact that the movie did have some fun moments. However, the movie's lack of intelligence is a sad reminder that in this age of the Internet, we are still at the mercy of our own stupidity. I can only hope that one day we can escape the grip of this one of a thousand or so films that have been put out to confuse us and waste our time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main cast was so bad it made me question if they knew what they were doing.  In addition to the acting, the movie was full of plot holes and plot contrivances.  The first act, where the group of friends are all in a car, is pretty funny, but after that it gets a little dull. They meet a couple that they know (that's the only thing they know about each other) and decide to be roommates, but it's not really a believable storyline. It's not even believable that the couple is a couple, because it's too early in the movie to tell. The movie never makes a point. It does not seem that it's even trying to make a point, because the movie is so boring.  It has a ridiculous plot line involving a bunch of "bad guys", who are actually just as dumb as the main cast. The idea that they are bad guys is ridiculous and the movie fails to do anything with it, other than trying to use the bad guys to get into a fight with the good guys. The ending is ridiculous, and it's only the beginning of the movie, so the ending has no significance at all.  There's no real suspense at all, and the ending is completely unbelievable. This movie is boring and terrible. I cannot recommend this movie. If you want a low budget horror movie, this is the movie for you. Just don't rent it, because you will get bored with it and will be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total disappointment, but not without merit. In all honesty, it's just a mess. You'll laugh and cry, you'll laugh again and cry again, but the whole thing is so over the top that it will make you feel like a total idiot for watching it. And the acting is bad. If you are looking for a comedy, you may as well be watching "The Adventures of Abstergo" for a laugh, because the acting in "The Last Days" is so awful that you'll end up laughing more than you are supposed to. The plot is so weak that the film almost seems like a joke. And, worst of all, the film never has anything to do with anything that isn't really important.  The cast is all, at best, average and, at worst, below-average. This is really unfortunate because, at least in "Last Days," the characters actually have something to do. They do the important things (and they don't do the "other important things" at all).  I don't understand how they could be so bad. I really wanted to like "The Dead" but it didn't quite get me.   "The Days of Judgment" was a bad idea from the start. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful and uninspired, the acting was terrible and the story didn't make any sense.  I can't say anything positive about it, but I can say it was really stupid. The main character was awful. The story was a complete waste of time. The whole thing felt rushed and unfinished. It seemed as if they had made this film just for fun and they didn't think it was a good movie, just for a laugh.  The acting was worse than in the first episode of the original series and worse than the original film, except that in the former the acting is actually pretty good and in the latter it was horrible.  My rating is a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is actually pretty good. It's just that the writing was so badly done that it turned a really boring and uninspired film into a horribly unappealing mess.  The movie opens with a scene where a car falls off a cliff. The driver's in the car are the only ones who are alive when the car crashes. A little later we see a couple of children who are the sole survivors of the crash, but the film quickly moves into an extremely amateurish direction as a bunch of people are killed in a car crash.  Some of the deaths are fairly predictable and can easily be explained by a bunch drunk people having an accident, but many others were really stupid. For example, the main character tries to save the child's life by sticking his hand in the mouth of a drowning child. He ends up biting off the kid's finger, which makes it seem like the kid died from the pain of the bite. Then he says that if the kid was really dead then he would have died of natural causes, not because he was trying to save his life by getting it in his mouth. And that's it. The film basically goes on a whole lot of wasted time with the main characters trying to find the lost child, and we get to see the characters do really stupid things like run across the road and get run over by a car, then watch as their car gets stuck in traffic (in another stupid scene).  The story itself is completely unbelievable. It would have been better if the movie had kept to the usual formula, which is the person who's been abducted gets out of the car and they chase the kidnapper.  All in all, this movie was not very good. The script was terribly written, and the film had nothing redeeming about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really did not like this movie, not even in the slightest. The story was really stupid and boring, the movie was simply a bunch of actors walking in a room and talking in circles, trying to say something interesting and interesting, but never really succeeding. It's just a bunch... well, nothing. I was so disappointed when I finished watching it, it was just a pile of rubbish. I had to wait until the next day to finish the movie. I would recommend this movie to anyone who would like to see something that they do not know the story of, just to watch the actors talking for an hour, trying, and failing to say anything. But if you do watch this, don't let the actors do anything else, just let them walk and talk. Just watch them talking, and then watch them walk around and talk about nothing, or try and do something, but do not even try, because it just makes it so boring, and pointless. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had no script, no idea how to write the script, the direction, the acting...it was just...a boring, boring, movie.  The acting was awful, and I would like to point out the acting was bad even by the standards of the day, and the directing was just as bad, and just...what?? The movie was so boring, that even the opening credits could have been better. I mean, you know, when the credits rolled and the movie started...I was like, "WTF?!" The movie is just...so...bad. It was so...so..boring.  You know, this movie is actually better than most of the other movies I have watched that I have rated.  I have seen other movies where the actors were so good, and this movie...is so...poor.  There was one thing in this movie that made me sick.  When the lead actor is in the bathroom...he goes to the toilet and it was so gross...the toilet seat was covered with feces, and he had to use the toilet twice...so gross.  That was the only part of this movie I felt sorry for.   I gave it a 1 because I thought the acting in this one was so bad, that I didn't want to see the movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film with my boyfriend, who's really a horror movie geek. I was very disappointed in the acting and story line, and felt that it was made more like a horror flick, not a horror film. This film was awful.  The plot was unbelievable.  I think that the producers did not bother to read the book at all, or they just didn't understand the book to begin with. They should've made a movie from the book, not made a bad remake of the book. The story line was a mess and the acting was awful, but the movie was so bad that you will think that it's a horror flicks, and it isn't.  Don't waste your time on this movie, it was just that terrible. I don't recommend you waste your money on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is very lame and boring. I was expecting a good horror movie, and I was not disappointed. I did not understand why the story line didn't make sense to me. It's just not the same as a normal horror movie.  I think it was a joke to have the zombies in the movie. They looked like zombies. They didn't have the same look and feel like a zombie movie. The acting was so wooden. They weren't believable.  The movie was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a film buff but this movie was absolutely awful! I was bored, I got distracted, I didn't understand the plot and I got the feeling it had to be rushed. This movie wasn't funny and it wasn't even interesting to me. I don't even know what the plot is! It was so stupid!  The script was awful, the actors were all so annoying and I felt like it took forever to get to know them. The plot was just so stupid and stupid! The only reason why I can give it 4/10 is because it was funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I were to give a negative rating, I'd say that this film is one of the worst I've seen.  It starts with some pretty good visuals (the first few minutes of this film, especially the music, are incredible) and quickly turns into a pile of garbage. It's a shame, because the idea of an urban/slacker teen getting his revenge on a bad girl with whom he's had a crush is actually quite funny, but the execution is a bit sloppy. Some scenes are really quite disturbing, such as the "slutty housewife" who is actually a lesbian and tries to get the guy to leave. The story is pretty much one big pile of crap, and although the director tried to make it interesting with some cool visual effects, the movie just becomes a mess of bad actors and really awful music. I didn't like the music either, but it didn't really affect the story too much. The only reason I gave this movie an eight out of ten is because the music actually fit the movie. But I give it a two out of a possible ten because the script was so bad that it actually made the movie more enjoyable to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a waste of time and money.  I have seen this movie twice and was disappointed by the first time. The second time I went out of my way to see it. I was so disgusted that I watched it only once more.  A total waste of the money. This movie was not even funny.  My wife and I watched this movie, and after the movie was done, she just stood there and stared at the screen and didn't even laugh once. I did laugh twice during the movie, but I did not feel any sense of happiness or joy.  Please stop making movies like this. You don't need to make movies like "The Dictator". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really bad movie, I can hardly believe this is the director's first film. The plot was extremely predictable and even the most well-known movies can get to the point without this kind of mess. The film never gets to the most important part of the plot and it's all just to fill up the time until the end credits roll.  The main character's actions are not believable and the acting is terrible. I cannot recommend this movie. This movie makes me want to turn the TV off because I can't imagine the show could get any worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this in the theatre and I thought it was OK. I found the acting to be a bit off. It was OK in places, but not in the whole movie. I would give it 2 stars out of 10 if it was any good. The actors don't look their best in their first roles, but are pretty good in their second roles. It's just a horrible mess. If you want to see a movie that you can't enjoy and you want the plot to make sense, don't watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a little disappointed to see how poorly this movie played out.  The movie seemed to have an almost nonexistent budget, but the actors and crew certainly put a lot of effort into it. The story was weak, predictable, and not particularly convincing. It's a shame because it was the first movie I ever watched that had me wondering if I was watching a rip-off of an old show or a rip off of a good movie. I guess it was both. The acting was a bit over the top, and the direction was a tad too predictable.  But I don't think the actors were too badly off for a low budget film. The script was predictable, but this movie was so far off the mark that it had to be a total waste of time. The plot was weak and predictable. I was left wondering if this movie had been made by a bunch of students who had not seen the original series or the old Batman TV show. The direction was bad, but if the movie was supposed to be "totally original", then it was a bad way to do it.  So, I guess the lesson here is to avoid low budget movies that are based on a bad show or comic book. The original show or the comic book would have made a better show or movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years back I was in London when I saw a movie called "The Little Mermaid". I loved it, but the fact that I loved the movie so much was ruined by this film. I didn't mind, because it was only 10 minutes long, but it was very annoying, and not to be missed. I found this film absolutely infuriating, and I still don't understand why anyone would ever watch it.  It should have been called "Little Mermaid: The Story", but I guess that's too difficult to say in English. I've seen the "Story" on a few occasions and they're much better than "The Mermaid". The "Story", which has been released in many countries, is a completely different story.  This film is only 2 minutes long and has no point. If you're watching it to get a laugh, or just because it's so short, go for it, just don't watch it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, this movie has been dubbed as "American Idol" of the '90s, but I think that is really a stretch. It's not a show, it's just a series of auditions for a contest that nobody wants to win. It isn't about how good you are as a contestant, it isn't even about what you will do with your life after the show, although there are some moments that will surely make you wish you were dead. It is about a bunch of people getting auditioned to become "American Music Idol" and it just isn't that good. And it isn a shame to waste the time of the people who made it, because it's not that entertaining. I'll be honest and say that I have a lot of time for "American Idols", but "American Nightmare" is the worst one I have ever seen. It really has a terrible plot, terrible actors, terrible direction and worst of all, terrible editing. The acting is really bad, and the editing is terrible. I can't even believe it was ever made. It sounds like a bunch a losers were making fun of what a bunch some of us made up.  It's so terrible that even the person who directed it, the great Robert Bressi, could not even be bothered to try to make it even half as good as it was. You can imagine that he might as well have just thrown it in the garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so incredibly bad it should be labeled as a B+ Movie, but it wasn't. The film was simply awful. The story was nonsensical and there was no real sense to the story. The actors all seemed bored. The plot was so weak that it could have been done in any number of different ways. There was no story, and the only story there was the film itself. The best way to describe this movie is as a bad dream. It was so awful that it made me feel sick.  I'm guessing this movie was made as a way to see how to make a B-Movie without all the problems that usually come with B-Movies. The way the movie is made in this one would have worked fine if it had been a straight B-movie. This movie could have easily been made into a straight action movie, but instead it was made into this pathetic mess of a B movie. The only thing I can say for it was that it was well made, but in the end it's just not worth a movie. I just can't believe a movie that was made to be so bad was allowed to be made. It's like having an overactive imagination, and then telling everyone to watch it because you want them to see it.  The worst part about this movie, aside from the actors, was the acting. I don't even know what to say about it. Everyone involved acted like idiots, and I was able to see the actors' faces because they were all smiling and looking at each other. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's one of those movies where you see the beginning and you know exactly what's going to happen, but you don't know how it's going until it's done. And that's what makes it so disappointing. You know that it's not a good movie, but the way they keep going is just ridiculous. You can tell that they're going to end it, but they don't!  The only good thing is that it was the last one we saw, so it's a bit of a consolation prize.  I gave it an 8, but since I did the math wrong it would be a 9. If I'm wrong, I'll correct it in the comments section. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really bad movie. I would give it 1 star if I could. I did like the idea that it was based on a true story, but unfortunately, the director did not bother to research any of the sources to find the real facts. So it's like he has no idea how to make a film, just decided to throw together a bunch of ideas. He did not even use a script to start the movie.  In the movie, the main character is not a real girl, he's a guy in drag who meets a girl. The girl dies because of a disease, which she contracted from being in a car crash and then having sex with the guy. He gets caught in the middle of this, and the whole movie is about him getting arrested and his life ruined because of the girl's death.  The movie never got to the point of the actual events. The movie is basically a bunch more scenes of the main guy having sex in a motel and getting arrested for the murder. There is absolutely no point to the movie other than for the movie director to go out and watch a bunch a old horror movies, and then write a horror movie. This movie is not even remotely scary at all. I can't believe anyone would even consider it for a feature film. If it was a bad horror movie, it would have been made for DVD, and no one would ever see it. I really think it is a waste of money for a movie that just looks like it was made on a video camera.  I gave it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an uninspired and predictable horror flick with an illogical ending. I cannot understand why this was made. The only thing that made the film entertaining was the gore. But even then, that was not enough. The writing was a little bland and not as good as the acting.  The whole thing was just an absolute mess. The script is horrible. There was no character development, and it was so full of unnecessary gore.  I really hate horror movies with a predictable ending. They usually just make the film worse.  This movie would have been better off if it had not been so expensive and had to be shown in the same place as the other horror films. The whole story was just so rushed and poorly told. If you can't make a good horror movie, don't make one. Make the same horror movie but with the ending reversed and a more interesting twist. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the first film of this "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and I thought it was great, but this one is not even a little bit close to what I want from this series. The acting, especially the voice of the character of Xander Harris, is extremely bad and there are some scenes where you just want to scream, like when Buffy tells Willow to kill the rest of the girls. I wish I could give it a 1 out of 10 rating. The movie's plot is extremely unbelievable and the only reason I gave it a 10 was because the special effects were actually pretty cool. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I just can't believe it was made. The acting is so horrible I'm actually embarrassed to watch it. It looks like someone wrote this movie on a blank piece of paper and then drew in their own pictures of the cast. The scenes all seem to have no relation to what is happening on screen. I actually feel like the actors are speaking for themselves because they seem to be bored. The cinematography is so boring it's almost unbearable. The story is also very weak because it lacks any sort of story arc or reason to continue the story after the first act. The entire thing feels like a one-note, one-dimensional movie where nothing is ever truly explained, not even the main character's name. The main problem with this movie is the terrible acting and the lack of direction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe I've seen this film. How is it that a director could waste their time with this rubbish? A girl who wants to be a detective, is told that she isn't allowed to do anything unless she meets a strict criteria. The movie isn't much better than the first one I've ever seen, and the plot seems to have been made up without even the slightest of planning. The girl's sister and her boyfriend get kidnapped, and they are then held prisoner by the same kidnapper who was taken by the police. The police find the girl's father and brother and kidnap them as well.  The girl and her brother are taken away and tortured by the kidnapper. The sister and boyfriend are then forced to live with the kidnappers until they decide to escape, but they are both killed. The kidnapper is arrested and the police investigate the case. The cops are convinced that the girl is a dangerous killer who has murdered her sister and brother, but the police don't want to do much. The detectives get together with the sister and the boyfriend and set out to find the kidnapping gang. Unfortunately, they are unable to find anything because they are on the run and the kidnapparated are not the same people they kidnapped the first time. After a long search, the detectives finally find the group. They have taken the police officers hostage and they have killed the police, but when the cops are arrested, the kidnapers are able to escape. The film is just one long chase and the ending is so unbelievable it makes it almost impossible to believe.  I really don't know what the director was thinking. He just didn't care about the story and the characters. They seemed to be made up on the spot, so it made me feel that the director had nothing to do with the film. I just can't understand how he could waste his time with something like this. Maybe he did because it was supposed to be his last film, but I'm sure he was just tired of working on the film after the first two.  It isn't a good movie, but it isn't an outright terrible one either. I'm not going to rate it because it is just so bad that it makes me angry. But I wouldn't recommend it, and I think it's safe to say that it's not going out of the'movies' category either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't care what anyone says about this movie, I just don't understand how anyone could give it the positive review. The plot is predictable and the acting is terrible. I guess people like to see what they think the "good guys" will do and so they watch this movie.  This movie is just plain awful. It is the worst of all the "troll movies" I've ever seen. The acting is awful, the plot is horrible and the animation is terrible (not even the most popular Pokemon movie).  There is a very small number of scenes worth watching. But even with those, it is a disappointment.  I would say this is one of the worst movies ever made. If you want to see a boring movie, watch this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very mediocre action flick with very little redeeming qualities. The plot is weak, the characters are a joke, and the story itself was so boring that I had to turn the TV off after about five minutes.  I'm surprised that so many people actually liked this movie. I mean, you wouldn't even consider this movie a 3.5 out of 10. It's so weak that it could have been the worst movie ever made, if it weren't so predictable. The only redeeming feature is the acting, and in this case, the actors are bad. I can't believe that the producers decided to cast a completely unknown actor as the lead. The best part about this movie is that there are so many ways to kill someone in it, and none of them are particularly creative or funny.  Overall, I give this movie an 8 out of ten. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget film that just wasn't good. The acting was terrible and the story line was totally predictable. There was no story arc to the movie and the film was so uneventful that you could just tune out for a few minutes. I felt cheated out of the money I spent. I'm sure this is the director's idea of a joke and a low budget, but it was so predictable I didn't care. I just don't understand how the director could think that this was an entertaining film. The idea of the "macho" cop who was so bad in the movie that it almost made me believe the story was actually meant to be funny. He was a little too predictable and the jokes weren't funny enough to warrant it. The best part of the movie was the ending. I think it would have been better off with a "B" rating, but I don't think they were going for that in this film.  I'm sorry to say that I'm really not sure why this was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was boring, the acting was not that good, the cinematography was awful, the plot seemed to have no point or purpose. It was a bit depressing, but the film was just so boring that it didn't matter. It just made it feel like you were watching an endless succession of "horrible" scenes.  It's not worth watching, and it's definitely not worth rewatching. The story was interesting at best. The characters weren't particularly interesting.  There's a chance you could get a pass for it, but you'd be better off with an old "Karate Kid" VHS tape. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not that I disliked this movie, it's just that the plot was a little predictable. I found it a little unbelievable that the entire movie takes place inside a very large airplane. The characters seemed so very ordinary, with no special effects, and the camera work seemed a little shaky. And the acting was just so-so.  It was a bit sad, but I suppose that's the price you pay for a low budget. If you can get the time and money, I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. It's just too shallow and uninteresting.  I would recommend it to the lowest bidder, if only for the fact that it makes the plot somewhat less predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this film, I'm not sure what happened.  It's not funny, it's not interesting and there is not much else to say. I can't believe that someone would give this a 10. The director has not got a clue what he's doing. It's like watching a bad soap opera.  The characters are all the same. No character is a true person.  If you are a fan of the British TV series The X Factor, you will probably like this film. The X factor is a much better film than this.  I would suggest that you skip this film if you want to watch a funny film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off looking really promising. It takes place in a school, which is a very typical school in the first half of the film, and it does a good job of setting up the characters, but then the movie falls apart, thanks to its characters being very flat. It is very, very predictable. I can say that I was disappointed that this film was not even as bad as The Blob, because I actually liked that movie. But this film is awful, and I wouldn't recommend it for anyone. It's a huge waste of your time, and you'll be bored by the end. I wouldn's be disappointed if you see it in the theater.  I give this movie a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the trailer for this movie, and my first reaction was that it was an insult to anyone who actually made the movie. It didn't even begin to make sense, and was not funny, but then it got better. I was not surprised to find that the movie was shot in 2-shots, which is very bad film-making practice. This makes the movie worse than "Frogman's Little Miss Sunshine" and "The Wizard of Oz" with their two-shot shooting. I've seen all the other movies in this subgenre, and it's very disappointing to see that they are the same. I'm sorry, but I don't think that "Tropic of the Storm" is funny. I have a feeling that it's a comedy about how a bunch of people who are really mean to each other get together and make movies.  I don' t understand how someone can take two shots of a movie that's supposed to be a comedy, and then go to another movie and make it better. The acting is bad, and the movie has some really weird editing and sound. If anyone who is not a fan of "Bored in the USA" can find a movie where the acting is good, I'll show you what I mean. I wish I had made a different choice in watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this film on DVD. It looks like it's based on the same script as "The Last Movie", except that it's totally different and the plot has a lot of holes. This film was not only awful, but I really felt like it was a waste of money and time. It was absolutely terrible and I can't believe anyone was allowed to see it. The only good thing I can say about this movie is that it might have helped my mother get over her father's death.  I really feel bad that so many people watched this and it probably cost them money, time, or a trip to the movie theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this film is very, very bad. The acting is very bad as well. There's a lot of scenes in the movie that are not relevant to the movie. The movie was very slow and boring. It was very annoying watching the movie without anything to do with it.  I'm giving this movie a 3 out of 10 because I wish that the director would have left the scene as it was in the first half of the movie, and instead, have the characters react to the situation and how they feel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed to find that I was watching this show, even though it was not rated.  A few episodes are enjoyable if you're not too picky about what you watch, but I found that the show was just not interesting enough to warrant a DVD purchase.  I found it hard to imagine how anyone would want to watch this show because the acting was so bad and the plot so poorly conceived. I'm guessing that it was a lot harder to cast than it should have been. The show also includes a few scenes where the character seems to be able to control his own fate and is able to get things going, but then the script would go to hell and would go on and on about how he should stop, but in the end, he would decide to continue doing the thing he was doing. I could not understand how anyone could watch this and not want to rip it apart. I know it's not a huge deal, but if you really want to, buy a DVD copy of a good movie: you can enjoy a good film without having to worry about being a total wacko.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is an uninteresting and incoherent mess of a film that makes the last three movies I have seen by director David Lynch look good. The dialogue is extremely uninspired, the music is terrible and the acting is terrible. It is a complete waste of time. Lynch has nothing to offer here besides an unoriginal idea, some plot twists and an odd ending. It just isn't that good.  This is a really poor effort from Lynch that would have made a great movie if it were any other director, but it's clearly not. I gave it 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie made for kids (like the kids in this movie). That is the only way I can describe this film.  The kids in the movie have been given the wrong movie (like all movies) by the producers. I found myself getting bored and annoyed with the movie.  There was one scene where a guy had his eyes screwed open. I did not know that. I would have liked to know. I'm guessing they were supposed to be "trying to be scary".  I think the movie would be better off if they did not have to make a movie that only kids can enjoy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be absolutely boring. It's just a bunch of people doing a bunch in a room, and not much more than that. It is not even funny.  I can't believe anyone would watch this movie without laughing at the sheer ridiculousness of the premise. I would have thought that the movie could have been a lot funnier if they had had some sort of a comedic script that could have made the plot a bit more funny. I'm not sure how the movie gets made, but I'm sure it isn't a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the story to be boring and poorly executed. I would have preferred it if the plot had been better developed. There was no reason for me to like the characters, or the movie in general. They were stereotypical. Some of the scenes in the movie seemed to be made up on the spot.  I can only give it an "F" because I was actually entertained by some of the characters in the story, but I would probably give it a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is very much an action flick, with a fairly small cast. The cast is not particularly good, the script is not especially convincing and the plot is a little contrived and predictable.  The whole thing is basically a bunch of actors in the clothes of other characters.  Unfortunately, the movie does not really make a convincing effort to be funny, and even the action sequences do not go on much longer than they have to. The humor is mostly in the direction of the script, and the actors' performances in the scene. I don't think the film's humor was particularly funny at all, and it seems that the script was not written to be laughed at.  All in all, I really wish that somebody had asked me to write a positive review about this movie: It was an OK action flick. The acting was bad. The script was bad, and so were the actors. The plot was predictable, and I could have done without.  This is a bad attempt at an action film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so bad that it really should be called a comedy. It's so awful that it's not funny at all, and the only reason I gave it a two out of 10 was because I liked the plot. It isn't funny at first, but as soon as it gets serious, it's awful. I could have given it a three because it's so bad, but I was so hungry for this film that I didn't care about any of the other 10. I mean, it didn't make me laugh in the end.   I'm going to give it a one out of ten because I did laugh once, and I'm willing to bet that if you're even remotely interested in the film, you'll be able to find some enjoyment out of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be really boring and not much else. I really hoped the characters were more interesting. The acting was not good, and the plot was so poor. I just found myself not really caring if the characters died or not. I was really expecting a really good film.  I have no idea why this movie was so bad. The story was so vague and there was absolutely no character development whatsoever. I found myself wanting to get the credits. The only redeeming factor was that the actors had great chemistry with each other. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's not much more to say about this movie other than the fact that it was so awful and I didn't care to watch it. It's like the first episode of the Twilight Zone without the humor or the horror. The acting is very, very bad. I mean, I've never heard a more annoying or boring "actor" before.  It's not really worth mentioning that the story line was all but forgotten by the time the movie was done.  I mean... it was a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was actually expecting a good movie because I am a big fan of horror movies from the 70's. I was so disappointed. The acting is so bad that I was thinking the actors must have been drunk. The story line is completely made up of nonsense and the actors make no sense. I really did not care if the movie was rated a "B" movie because it would not make me feel any better. The worst part was the fact that the movie actually made me feel bad for the characters. It made me think of them as idiots who made this mistake. It makes me feel like I am the one who made a horrible mistake and I should be responsible for my mistakes.  I'm not sure if I would ever watch a movie made by a group of people who had nothing to do with making this movie. It was so amateurish and so poorly acted. It should have been done by some group of professionals.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in a theater and I am surprised it got a positive review. It's so bad, I cannot explain it. I don't know how it got an 8 out of 10. It had no story, the acting was terrible, and there was no suspense, the camera moves too quickly and there's no fight scenes, only talking.  It's one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The camera moves fast and there is no story or tension. The acting was so bad I thought the actors were drunk.  The camera was so slow I was afraid it was going to crash. The editing is so bad it makes this movie look like it was done in an office, not a theatre.  I just don't understand how anyone could give this movie an 8/10, when it's so awful.  This movie is a waste of time and I hate this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been almost three years since I've seen the movie and I can honestly say I still don't know why. The acting, especially the acting in this movie, was just so off-putting. There were a few scenes I liked, but not many. The story itself is pretty boring and pointless, though the ending was pretty good. The only good thing was the music, but the music in this film is awful. The music in the movie was very annoying. The movie was about a girl who is in love with a boy and she is in the hospital with her boyfriend. The boy's parents are there and she meets the boyfriend's father. Then, the boyfriend gets stabbed by a man who is a killer. The boyfriend and girlfriend get murdered and the movie ends.  I just don't understand how they made this movie. I've watched so many horror movies and this one was the worst. The whole thing was just incredibly lame and the acting was so stupid. It's just a shame that the director was a guy who used to make this movie and was just a complete jackass in this case. I was really hoping the movie would have been better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was so much promise in this film but it ended up being a disappointing disappointment. It starts off well enough with the opening shot of the train and the beach, but the movie takes a turn when the film suddenly cuts to a man being beaten to death by his mother in the middle of the desert.  A film that is supposed to be an homage to the Japanese samurai film "The Hidden Fortress" suddenly becomes a parody of itself, featuring a young Japanese boy being forced to kill his own mother. The film was not nearly as good as the first few scenes in the Japanese version.  The story was not very convincing or even believable, and the film was very predictable and clichd. I did not find it very funny, although it did make for a great, but very brief, bit of action. I think that "The Lost City of the Dead" was the worst movie I've ever seen.  I recommend you skip this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was so incredibly predictable and predictable that I had a hard time sitting through it. I felt cheated, as I was only expecting it to be a fun thriller/comedy. It was very poorly made and badly edited, and it didn't even make much sense. It made me want to see it again, but then I got a better idea. I watched the film in order to see what all the other people were thinking. It is only one movie in a trilogy, so I decided to watch the whole thing. I was extremely disappointed.  I would not recommend it to anyone, if you are looking for a fun film, don't bother. If you're looking for something to make you feel worse about yourself, then it's the way to go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just not worth the trouble. It has a very slow pace and the plot is completely pointless.  The story of the little girl was so lame that I felt like I was watching a children's film rather than an adult drama. The acting was just okay, but it was probably the only reason I was able to overlook the lack of direction. There were no moments of humor. The girl looks so ugly that you'd think she's a child and not a teenage girl. Her eyes and mouth were a bit out of control. The only thing that saved the movie was the "Wet" music video that was played over the end credits. The music video was absolutely awful, but I can't blame it for the awful acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is about a guy, who meets a woman, who wants to marry him, and wants to live with him, but can't. He has to go back home, because he wants to leave her. This is a very lame excuse to make a movie. The only good thing was the cast. The rest of the cast sucked! There are too many moments of no sense, and even some scenes were completely irrelevant. Some things were so stupid that I was laughing at myself when I watched them. I could of been a better writer if I was not a complete idiot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film on television the other night, and thought it was really funny. However, it was a very disappointing experience. This is a very, very bad movie. The acting is extremely weak and there is absolutely no plot. It's just not worth watching.  I guess if you want to watch a bad film that is going to be really painful, you could do worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a sucker for films from the 70's and 80's. I was really hoping for a fun trip to the movies on this particular day. What I got was a complete waste of time, and I am the only one that liked it. I think there is nothing funny about this movie. It was just too over the top, and the actors didn't seem to have any idea what they were doing. The story was pretty weak. The only reason I gave this movie 2 stars instead of 1 is because the movie is actually worth watching, but it was too overrated to be a good movie. The movie starts with a girl falling asleep and then the guy has sex with her and the other girl starts having sex with the guy, and then they get back into bed, and that is the only reason why I gave it 2 stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Bruises" was a complete disaster of a movie. I cannot believe that it made the director of "Gossip Girl" and "The Omen" proud. It was terrible, and the actors were so awful that I had to sit on my hands and shake my head and laugh at their pathetic attempts at acting. I mean, it was just so pathetic that I wanted to scream and laugh every time I saw it.  The plot was so pointless, the characters were so boring, and I could have done without the stupid "Bubblegum", "Bubbler", and "Buckets". I mean... I just want to watch the story unfold. I want to know what happens to each of the characters, I want the actors to get in each other's faces. I don't want to sit through a movie that is so devoid of humor, that I can't even laugh when I'm crying. I know that the actors who worked on "Blunder", "Das Boot", "Eggs", and even "Hangover" were good at their jobs, but this film was so awful, I just wanted to throw it away, and watch something else instead.  In fact, I didn't even think it was that bad. The first time I heard about it, I thought that maybe it was the director's fault for making such a dumb movie.  After all, he made "The Other Side of The Dream" and even that one with "The King", but he made one stupid movie that you can actually enjoy. "Buble" is not even worth the effort of a one-hour DVD rental.  I guess the director should have watched "A Fish Called Wanda", "Frozen", "Little Miss Sunshine", and finally "Lone Survivor" instead of making a lame attempt at a B-Movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an attempt at the most expensive, most expensive film I have ever seen. It is a complete waste of time, a complete disappointment. I have seen far better films, far better.  It is completely boring, pointless and just a waste of $40.  I will not give this movie more than 2 stars because there is no point. There is no reason to spend $100. I give it a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second time I've watched this movie. I watched it just last year and thought it was hilarious. The first time, I was amazed at the stupidity of it all. But this time I just could not take it. I got bored after watching the first two hours and didn't even care to watch the third or fourth hours because I knew the movie was over. This is a real waste of time. The only reason I liked it was because the plot was interesting.  I'm not even kidding when I say this movie is a waste of my time.  The only good thing I can say about this movie, is that it's a waste. This movie was so boring and had no plot. It was just an excuse to talk about how stupid the actors were. I don't think that's ever a good thing to do in a movie. You know how it feels when your favorite movie just isn't a good movie? It's like that. But for some reason the actors kept doing it and it made me even less inclined to watch other movies that made me laugh so hard.  That's about all I can offer. I just think it's so stupid that it just isn;t worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like this sort of film, but I had to watch it. I guess I'm a bad kind of film buff, and there are lots of them out there. And, if you're in that camp, you'll get a kick out of watching this. But, I think it's just too much. The acting is bad. The plot is really bad. I can't believe this movie exists.  I really hope the writers have a good sense of humor. The problem with a bad film is that you know that the actors don't really care about this film, and it's a waste of their talent. I was hoping to get the feeling that I was actually in on the joke. But the film never gets that far. I just want to say that it was a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "A" in "A Clockwork Orange" is not the name of the movie. This is the name that is used to represent the name on the jacket cover. "A: One of the most violent and racist films ever made.  I watched this on TV when I was 15. It was not a good movie. I thought it was pretty good but was disappointed that it wasn't good enough to make me watch it again. I am pretty sure that this is the first time that a movie is shown that it does not make a complete profit. This movie is not funny, it is not scary, it doesn't have a good story, it's not a real thriller, and it has no plot. The movie does not have any real action or story whatsoever. This was just a cheap horror film made by some people who don't know how to write a story.  This movie was an attempt to sell this movie to a small group of people who do not want to see a horror movie without violence and racism. This has nothing to do with the movie's director or the movie itself. The director has not made this movie for the money and has not seen this movie at all since it's release. This isn't a movie. It's a cheap copy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing but filler. You know what is so funny? It has so many plot holes that you could fill up this movie with all the holes you could put in it.  There is so much missing that I can't even begin to figure out what it was supposed to be about.  Why was the kid in this movie wearing a helmet when the whole movie was supposed have him wear a helmet? Why was he in this particular house? Why did they go to this house? There are so many holes that it could have been so much better.  All the kids should have been thrown into a dark cave. That would have been funnier.  The movie was so badly made, it made me angry. I'm going to miss it, I hope that the studio will release it again.  I'm guessing that the movie has to do with the fact that the producer is in jail. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was a total waste of time.  The plot was not believable and the acting was awful.  I would have liked it better if the movie was directed by a more experienced director. The director was too inexperienced and didn't seem to care how his movie turned out.  A little better script, more creative direction, better direction. But I guess that is too much to ask for.  It's probably not the worst movie I've seen. But it was definitely the worst film I've ever seen. I can't recommend this movie to anyone. It's a waste of your time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely, absolutely terrible. I mean, really bad. I think I laughed twice, because I was so afraid of what it would be. But I just couldn't take it seriously. I found myself thinking that this movie would be one of the worst movies ever made if not, there were some people out there who were able to.  It was absolutely, completely, mind-blowing awful. The dialogue was so bad that I laughed just for the fact that people were actually having fun. It's like a sitcom made by people who don't know how to act and aren't funny, and people like to get into trouble by having fun with people who aren't so fun. I couldn't believe that anyone, anywhere, was enjoying this piece of crap. If you want to laugh at people who are having fun, go to a comedy club. If not, go watch the Twilight movies, if that's what you want. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie with no redeeming features. The acting was laughable, and there was little suspense in the story. There was no story. The plot is so thin, it's not even worth a mention. Even the opening scene where the police are chasing the guy who has been kidnapped doesn't even give a hint about who's kidnapping the guy and why. They chase the guy around the country, and then at one point, they stop and wait for him at a bar. But no one knows why. The cops are so far off the mark, that they don't even notice the guy's not with them. It's just a little more confusing than the beginning of "Raiders of the Lost Ark". And even worse, they dont even bother to explain how he got there. He was there when they got the clues and he's been there ever since.  I've seen worse movies. This was a step down in the quality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie on TV, and it is actually a good movie. The actors seem to have no clue how to act in it, and the script seems to be written by people who don't really understand acting. But it's so bad that I can't think of anything else to say about it, except that it was only rated R. I saw this on DVD, and while I can certainly understand the need to make this movie, it's just not worth seeing on the big screen. The story is really weak, and there is a lot of wasted space. This movie isn't even a parody of an older movie, but it's not really that funny either. This was not a good idea to make it on DVD. I just want it to be over, and to be forgotten. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was one of the worst I've ever seen. The whole thing was about a guy named Ben who finds an old TV that says "It's about to go off and it's going to destroy the world. This is not the way you watch television!"  The movie made no sense at all. Ben had to save the world and the only thing he had to do was go to the mall. I've never seen anything like this before. I was hoping that the movie would be funny but it was a real waste of time. Ben was an idiot and no amount of slapstick comedy could save the movie.  Ben and his friends made no effort to save anyone. They were just wasting their time.  The worst part was when Ben got an electric shock. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original plot of this movie was interesting. I thought it was quite interesting when I watched it. The plot seemed to have some sort of logic.  The movie was about a serial killer that would kill off the prostitutes in order to gain sexual gratification. The characters were very predictable and not that original. It was so predictable that I was just waiting for the last 5 minutes of the movie and expecting the killer to come out and kill all the prostitutes. The movie is so slow and tedious that it is difficult to watch even though the characters are very annoying and annoying. The whole movie has a very low rating because of this. I think it is very unfortunate that they had to waste their money making a low budget horror movie like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I'd like to point out the fact that it's an adaptation of an author's novel and I'm not a huge fan of adaptations. I'd prefer a movie from the '90's or a movie like "I Am Heath Ledger" (or "I Was a Teenager") in which Heath Ledgers role was played by the real Heath Lediger. However, the fact is that "A Street Walk" is a terrible movie and this movie has very little to offer besides Heath Ledigons "bad" movie persona and a very weak plot. I don't know if the producers are trying to appeal to adults, but the film just does not make the cut. The movie is boring, predictable, and uninspired.  The story is a bunch of trite and stereotypical, which means that it won't appeal to any adult in the film.  I am not an expert on the movie and I don.t want to rate it too low because I've seen better, but it's a very, very low rating. I can't recommend it because it's such a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am absolutely disgusted that a film was made about a TV show made for children.  The movie is filled with a bunch of pointless scenes and dialogue that is completely out of place. The kids acting is terrible. The movie has the most boring acting in any movie I've seen in a long time. The animation was terrible, but it's not the movie's fault.  Overall, a very low quality effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the movie 'Tombstone' on HBO and was extremely disappointed in how much it was inferior to the TV show. It seemed like it had very little to offer, but it was so entertaining and entertaining that I still watched it, and was really disappointed that it wasn't better.  The acting was really bad. The character of "The Man with a Million Dollar Job" was played by an actor who was obviously not very good at the part, and even when he was good it seemed like he couldn't carry the movie. The actor who played "The Badass" was supposed to be a great actor, but he really didn't have a great role. The acting is so poor that it makes you wonder if the movie was made in 2000 when the acting was so bad. I just can't believe that the writers and director didn't think this was a good idea. I'm not saying that the movie sucked, I'm just saying that I would have never bothered watching it because it was a waste of time. The only redeeming factor in the movie is the song 'Raining on the Grass', but that doesn't make the movie any better. I think that the only good thing about 'Tumbler' is the fact that the director was John Kricfalusi. If anyone would have thought that a director of a bad flick could have made a decent movie, they'd be able to come up with a movie that is a million times better than 'TUMBLER'.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that the director should take the blame for the failure of this movie. It's not that the movie is bad or even that it is a bad idea, but the execution of this idea was a little too slow and not too imaginative. The actors were not good and the direction was terrible.  It seemed like a comedy, but in the end it became a farce. There were no jokes in the movie, just stupid jokes. The jokes about the movie were so bad that I almost didn't laugh.  The plot was totally implausible, and the whole movie seemed to be written by a 14 year old.  If you want a comedy about a really bad movie, I would recommend "Bad Boys Club". It's much better than this, but still terrible. Just avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know this is a very low budget film, but the movie is so poorly acted that I could have been mistaken for a drunk. The only positive thing I can say is that they did use a lot of good actors (some of them were better than some of the rest). However, the movie never made sense. There was no plot, there was no character development, and even the main characters (Karen Gillan, Paul Bettany, James Naughton) were so boring.  Even the opening credits were pretty dull.  The plot was completely unbelievable, and the acting was even worse than the opening titles. The ending is also extremely predictable. If you can overlook the fact that it is a low budget movie, then this is an easy watch to forget. However, if you are a horror or genre fan, then watch the video instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an insult to anyone who actually cares about a good movie. The plot is predictable, the acting is horrible, and the ending is completely unsatisfying. I could not understand how this movie could be released. If you can find a copy, you may consider watching it. Otherwise, please do not waste your time and money on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so disappointing that I didn't want to watch it again. I mean, the plot and the acting were OK, but the cinematography was absolutely awful. I can't believe it, since I'm a professional cinematographer and this was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I'm sorry, I really was expecting something better. I'll let you know what the plot was, since it's pretty good and not too much of a mystery. But the acting was so bad that I was just glad that the story didn't end on a cliffhanger.  It's really depressing to watch a movie that only got one rating because it wasn't good. But then I read some negative comments about it. People say that it's not funny or that it doesn't fit with the character's personality. I know that it could be a mystery to everyone, but that just makes me sad. I just hope that someday the director of this film will see how much of his own movies he made and realise that he's just too lazy to make anything else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a waste of money. It has nothing to do with the story. There is no storyline. There are two characters with only one thing in common. They hate each other. The story revolves around a couple who is trying to make a marriage work. They meet the daughter of the other, who happens to be the daughter's mother. The daughter wants to leave the family, but the husband is so convinced that his daughter is the one that the daughter hates, that he threatens to kill her mother if she is still around. They make their marriage work, but after that they never get to the point where they start to dislike each other, and the story never goes anywhere. It's as if they want to make this movie so bad that it could be called a "Hollywood love story" and it would be considered funny.  A film should be about two people, not two families. It should be a film about two guys, not the family.  The only reason that the movie works so badly is because the film crew are hired to make the movie. The crew is not really actors, but a bunch of guys who are just paid to be actors. The actors should have been fired because they are so useless that they are still hired. The only thing that the crew did right was that they were able to put the whole cast together. There was no way to make them work. The film is boring. It was like watching two people arguing in a bar.  This is the kind of film that you see on the "Saturday Night Live" because they hire a bunch or guys who act so badly that they actually are acting. You know, the ones that act so bad you would believe they are actors. They were just hired to act so the movie would have a story. This is so far from that.  I don't know how to tell you that this movie is garbage, because I dont understand how you can call a film that has nothing in common with the characters. The cast, the director, and even the director himself are all so incompetent that they couldn't possibly have been actors. This film makes no sense, and you can't take anything away from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm very disappointed with this movie. I have seen several people who saw this movie, and I can't believe they actually got through it. It is not even remotely funny. It's boring. It just gets you bored. This is the worst movie I've ever seen. The plot was so weak and the acting was awful. I think the writer did it for his own amusement. I just wish he would've made the movie better.  The film was only made for money. This wasn't even worth a quarter. The only good thing about it was the original ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is one of those movies that was made so the director could get paid for it. It's so bad and so poorly made that I'm surprised it even got a theatrical release. I don't think that it even has the decency to be rated a 10 on a good movie site.  It's also not particularly well known, so that might help.  The acting is bad, the music is not bad, and the plot is so incoherent that it could be the plot of a really bad movie.  But the worst of it is the direction. I can't think of a single scene in this film that was remotely believable. The only time it looks like a director is actually trying to make a scene work is when they get the shot of the camera going through the glass and it cuts back to the actors. The actors are too close to the camera, too close together, too dim, and too slow. I mean, even when they are in the same room, they are not at the same height, they aren't in the exact same frame, they're moving in different directions, and you don't see them moving in sync with the camera at all. The shots are all so badly framed, they don't even look like they are coming from the same camera. It just looks like someone just shot the same shot twice and put the same actors in the frames.  All in all, I give it an F. It looks like the director was too busy making sure that the film had a certain look and that the camera was going to look like it was coming out of the movie theater. If you're going to watch a movie and want to be entertained, just don't. Don't waste your time. Don' t watch this movie. Don',t waste your money on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of years ago, the movie was released and I remember the poster with a quote saying "Whoa, look at the size of that guy". The poster was so small I couldn't even see the whole poster.  The movie was bad. Very poor acting and directing, and it had to be the worst movie I ever watched. It's just a sad sight to see someone watching it and just getting bored with it. The movie never got to the end, the story was very rushed, and most of the movie seemed pointless and unnecessary.  I mean, I could get the gist of the story, but when you watch it in the theaters, you'll realize that you're watching an awful movie. The story was so bad, I was almost sick of it, but the last scene in the movie made me want to give up on the movie. It was so hard to take.  If you want a bad, poorly acted, poorly directed, and bad movie, don't bother. Just don't buy it, and just go out and get a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst horror movie I have ever seen. It's just an excuse for the actors to do some sort of joke or something.  This movie has the best cast and acting I have seen in my life. The director of the movie is a total douche. I would've thought that an actual horror movie director would be able to get away with more than what this guy came up with.  And that's not even mentioning the terrible direction, the acting, and the horrible story. I'm sorry to say it, but I was disappointed. The story is so far from what I thought it was going to be. I mean it's a movie, not a horror movie. This movie should have been called "The Movie that should have happened".  I can't say I'm disappointed because the movie sucked. The movie is just not that good.  I'm giving this movie a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't normally watch horror movies, but I found this film so annoying that I had to find out what the hell it was. It was so bad that I thought that it must have been made by a bunch of 15 year old kids who couldn't have been older than 10. The story was unbelievable and there were too many unnecessary plot twists. There was no payoff for anything and I found myself waiting for hours and hours just to see the credits roll.  This is not a good movie, and if you watch it, don't think that it's a horror film. It's just an extremely dull, unimaginative attempt at a low budget horror film that would have gone on to become a cult hit had it been made a few years later. The only redeeming quality was the soundtrack, which was actually good. I can only imagine what it was like to have to sit through the whole movie without knowing what was going on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was very poorly made and poorly directed. I found myself very frustrated watching this movie. The storyline seemed to be very similar to the first movie, but with far less dramatic moments, and much less dialogue.  The story seemed to have more than three hours to do, but barely passed one. I would not recommend this movie to anyone who does not like a lot of gore.  All the gore scenes were very unnecessary and did not fit in with the movie. I could have watched all of this in about two hours. This movie should have been in 2 hours. The only redeeming feature of the movie is that the actors did try to act in the movie, and do not act like they are a bunch of drunk, high school students.  I give this movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was stupid and the acting was not good. It was the first time that I have ever seen the "The Simpsons" (I remember it from the old time) and it was one of the worst of them.  The characters were stupid and I didn't like the whole thing. But the "Futurama" had a great series of episodes, so I think it was a very poor choice to start from scratch.  I didn' t care for it at all. I thought it was made in such a hurry to get it out that they forgot to make the story interesting.  But I was expecting a bit more.  It was just too dull to even get my attention. The "Futs" episodes are better. The plot in "Foolish Wives Club" was OK but the rest were very boring. I have seen worse movies in the series. The animation was OK, the animation was not that great. I am a bit disappointed that this series was canceled and the show has no chance to be revived. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at the end of the festival and had to write a negative rating about it. It's just a bunch of guys standing around a fire in the woods, smoking and talking, and it's got nothing going for it except that the acting is terrible. Even the director, James Wan, can't bring anything to the table. The script is so terrible that you wonder why anyone would pay to see it.  I can't even make out the words of one character in it. I couldn't believe it myself until the end. The only reason this movie is rated at a 3 is because of the "hot" girls in it, but it's so unfunny and unfunny that you'll just have to assume the whole movie is fake. I give it a 2 out of 10 because I was hoping to see a better film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why the film was not made. I can't see the plot, I dont understand how it's going to end, and I'm still having to read the script. The acting is poor. It has no originality and the ending seems pointless. If you're expecting to see a film about the real life story of a little girl with Down syndrome, don't get it. I'm not joking, I'm serious. If your expecting a good film, go buy "Tin Man". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really stupid movie, with all the plot holes and holes everywhere. I had to keep turning back and forth to the screen to see who was talking. How could they have gotten this idea to work? There are so many contradictions and so little insight. The movie ends when one character turns to the camera and says, "That was just a good movie!" I had the feeling that I was watching a video of a really stupid director who was doing a bad job. I don't think they could have even gotten this movie to work, it's just bad.  I guess the idea was that people would actually buy this movie because it was "the story about a girl and a girl that they both like and love." I guess they thought it would sell more than the "real" story. But I'm guessing it didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was actually looking forward to this movie, but it turned out to be so utterly terrible I was not able to enjoy it at all.  The only positive thing I can say is that I'm glad that people who actually have a taste for horror movies, and the ones who like to see it, actually saw it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like to watch films with good action but this is not one of them. It has nothing to do with the story, and it has the same problems of being too long and boring. It's a bit like "Eternal Sunshine" with a "T" in the title, except in this case the T is the one and only thing that was wrong with it.  The plot is an excuse for the actors to act.  I thought "Fargo" was better, but this film will probably leave you with nothing more than a headache.  You might want to see "Eden's Secrets" or "Lone Survivor", but these films are much better.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes for this movie, as I was looking forward to seeing what the new "Spider-Man" series could do. It ended up being a disappointment as the plot is poorly executed and the ending is pretty much pointless. There was little action, and the character development seemed to have no real purpose.  There are other Spider-Man movies out there and I think it is worth checking out if you are a fan of the character. I would not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that I watched this piece of trash without any warning or explanation. And even when I did, I didn't bother to ask the guy who directed this, because it would be obvious that I didnt like the movie. I cant believe that someone would put such a piece of crap in a film festival. I'm a film director, I know that there is no way that anyone could have done this. This film is nothing more than an uncreative excuse to trash on a bad film: A boring story, and a poorly directed, uninspired, and poorly acted film.  A film is only as good as its weakest link, and this film falls way below that. There are scenes that just don't make sense, that are just plain boring, that just have no heart or story line. I would expect a movie to have at least some story lines and action. And here, you get an hour and a half of just one character talking.  I know what I'm talking about.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not as bad as the other two "The Man Who Fell Through the Floor" films.  However, there is nothing to compare to it.  The movie was only about 10 minutes. That is really too short to make a movie worthy of being released. This is really the only reason for the low rating. The script is awful. The acting is pretty bad, too. I did not like the fact that it was a straight-to-video release. There are no sound effects. If you really want a movie with sound effects, watch the movie "The Last Stand". This movie just did not work.  In a way, I like this movie. I just don't like it. That's all. I don't think the director did anything to make the movie worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In spite of the fact that the film itself is actually quite well-written, the film suffers from one of the worst editing I've ever seen.  I'd like to say the editing was done in such a way that the story would not become an incomprehensible mess, but that would be too kind. The scenes do not make any sense and are not believable. The acting is terrible and the script is too confusing for the viewer to care. The cinematography is pretty good for the first half of the film, but then it gets worse. The film doesn't make sense and the story gets worse and worse. I would suggest avoiding this film, because if you watch it you'll be so bored you'll cry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a good reason to see the video version of this film, but I don't think it's worth the cost. The story is a waste of time.  This was probably the worst movie I've ever seen. The acting was pretty good, but the directing and cinematography were not. There was little humor in the film, and most of the scenes had no real connection to the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main thing that annoyed me was the "real" movie of the movie. It had a really weird opening where we saw a lot of scenes of a guy walking around the street (no one is in the way) and then a girl in a bikini (no, really) walking around. It didn't make any sense. I didn't understand the characters, their voices or even their clothes. There was a few funny moments, but the whole movie was not very entertaining. I would have expected better from this movie, but even the trailer had nothing special about it.  The only reason why I rated it 4/10 is because it has a very good soundtrack, but no more. I don't think I'm alone in this. A couple of other reviewers gave it a 2/10, but I was surprised that the movie had a score on Rotten Tomatoes of just 6/10. I think it should be 10/10 at least. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, which I had to review after seeing it, is a disaster. Not only the acting is poor but the plot, as well as the acting, is so terrible that it's just a shame. What was the point of this film? To show what happens in a relationship where the main character and the girl are in love with each other, and one day, things just won't stay that way. What's even worse is that the girl and the main male character, who is the best person in the world, is actually the worst person in this film, so much so that it was impossible for me to relate to him. It's not a very good movie. I just didn't like it at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching this garbage film I feel sorry for the person who thought it was good. The acting is awful and the plot, even by itself, is boring. The only saving grace is the fact that there is one good segment in it. I wish that the people who made this film would have a conscience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the first time I saw this film, I thought it was going to be a little bit better.  Unfortunately, it's not. This film is just plain awful. I would give this a 2 out of 10.  The acting, as I said before, was just plain bad. The story wasn't bad, but it didn't make the whole thing up, which I didn't like. I was just disappointed with the whole ordeal. If I were to rate it 10 out of 20, it would have a D. The acting is so bad it was just boring. The plot is so poorly done, it doesn't even make sense.  I was hoping to like this film because I think they did a good job with the music in the film, but unfortunately, I just didn't.  If I had to give it a 1, I would just say it's pretty mediocre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A group of teenagers decide to kill themselves. This movie is an awful waste of time. The acting is so bad I have to wonder why they decided to make it. There is no chemistry between the kids. The two lead actors (played by one-armed men) seem to have no chemistry.  They seem to be trying to act in a movie, and they can't. They act like the two leads were a couple who lived together and didn't realize it until they were married. The movie has no plot. It doesn't explain why the kids killed themselves. The kid who committed suicide, had a girlfriend that he loved and she died. Why did he kill himself? It's not even an excuse. The only thing that makes the movie tolerable is the humor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am so disgusted by the idea that this movie was made. I can not believe that anyone would have made this movie. It is just a poorly made, lame, poorly-written, horribly acted, horribly written, horribly directed, and poorly-edited film that I am embarrassed to even admit.  The story is a terrible, unimaginative, boring, uninteresting, and nonsensical tale that will make you want to throw up. This movie is so bad that it actually made me laugh at the very idea that anyone actually wanted to make a movie about the American Revolution, or something to do with it. The characters are not interesting, and the film's dialogue is so choppy and irritating that I could not take it seriously. The acting is atrocious, and everything is so clichd that it becomes tedious and annoying. I just want to put this movie in the trash. I would like to suggest that someone take this film and burn it, because it just does not deserve to be in the movie collections of the world. It makes me feel like I am watching a horror film, but this is not a horror movie, this is a poorly acted, poorly directed, poorly edited, and uninteresting film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have not seen the other versions of this film yet. I did not think that this film was as bad as some other films from the late 80s and early 90s. However, I must say that it is very different from the other films I saw. It was very shallow and very poorly directed, the acting was not believable and the story had no substance. I am sorry to say that I did see some other versions, some of them are really good. The other versions I saw were the version of this movie that was released in Europe, and they are great! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie when it came out in the late 80s, and I was shocked to see that a director like Steven Soderbergh was directing such a lame movie. It was so bad that I laughed and then I called the cable company to complain about it. I did not even care that it was only in 2 hours and 20 minutes, I was only concerned with the fact that the movie was about a kid, and not a girl. And the reason I called them is because I could not understand what the hell this movie was. I was so disappointed that I felt that Steven Soterbough was somehow trying to show the world how it really feels to be a girl, rather than being a kid. And I even felt that the writer had no idea what the movie he was making was supposed to be.  The acting was so poor that I was afraid the movie would have to be rated R.  I could have given the movie 2 out of 10. But I couldn't give it that, I just couldn't believe that this movie could be this bad. I could only give it a 1 out of 5 because I felt there was some good stuff in it.  If you are looking for a fun, entertaining movie, I suggest you stick to the other movies in this series, which are much better. But if you want a bad one, this movie is probably the worst of the bunch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to keep it as short as possible here, but if you are a true fan of the original Star Trek: The Next Generation, I don't care how much you hate this movie. I just don't understand the reasoning behind it. This movie is a total waste of time. I'm a big fan of both of these films, and both are really great. The Next Gen was an amazing show, and this one is an utter embarrassment. It has the worst sound of any movie I've ever seen.  The acting was terrible, and the script was terrible. The actors were awful, and I couldn't believe they had made a movie this bad. The music was so bad, I couldn, if I tried, figure out the song that was playing. The sound effects were so poor, you couldn't even hear the characters. I have never seen a movie where so much was wasted on so little. I hope they make another Star Trek movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it was a pretty good film at the time, but now it just feels like a bad one. It feels like the director was just making it up as he went along, and it's not like the movie's actually a comedy. It just seems like they took a lot of liberties with the plot and just didn't care about the plot itself. They just wanted to make it look like a comedy that wasn't a comedy at all. I was hoping they'd put a little more effort into the script and give us some real characters instead of just making us watch the movie from a movie studio's point of view.  It's pretty much just a bunch of actors that are hired to do a bad film, and the only one I really liked was Sam Waterston, but the rest of them are just so annoying that I'm not sure I can trust them with anything else.  The plot seems so boring and pointless. There's not much in the movie that isn't either stupid or lame, so it's basically just a giant, boring, awful film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so, so, awful.  There are no laughs in it at all. All of the jokes are so so so lame and so so dumb.  The only thing worth mentioning is that there is a girl who looks like a girl. She's named Anna and she has her own movie where she has a lot of acting chops.  This movie is so so, SO, so so awful. It's just like any other horror movie, except that it's way too short.   This was so, very, very boring. And that's saying a lot, because the plot was awful. I really didn't care for any of the acting and the directing was awful, especially the way they tried to shoehorn the idea of a serial killer into a horror film.  I really hate that movie, it was awful and I'm sad to say that it made me cry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film on the news and was appalled. Not just by the content, but also by the way it was presented. I was expecting a good documentary, instead I got a film with a total of 2 minutes of actual footage and a few minutes of dialog. There was no need to spend a minute of film explaining the facts of this film.  The entire film was very confusing and the characters were boring.  Some of the actors appeared to have no real personality at all.  In conclusion, I found this film to be one of the most disappointing films I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a joke and it is so, there is no story, only a few jokes that are not funny. The characters are completely without charm. There is no plot, just a bunch of jokes.  The film tries to be funny and is a waste of time. It is just a series of stupid jokes. The only thing in this film worth seeing is the scene where the old man is getting hit by a car. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has no plot, no purpose and no purpose. I think that this movie has been made by someone with a grudge against the British government. I really think that it was made by a person who wanted to get his hands on the money for the film.  I don't know what this film was made for, but I know that it wasn't for entertainment purposes. If I could see the plot of this film, I would be absolutely shocked. It's really just a bunch of people in a hotel who are making their own film and who want to make it as bad as possible. The cast is so weak that I wonder if they have been cast for their abilities rather than their stupidity. The best part of the film was the music. The music, the sound effects, the editing, the acting and the direction are all so bad. The fact that the film does not even use the "WTF" sign was just a great coincidence.   I give it a zero. If you want to see a bad film, look to this movie. If not, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the disappointing box office returns from the "Spider-Man 3", Sony is hoping to regain the limelight for their Spider-Man franchise with this one. The original two films were great, but the third was a real mess. It's really disappointing to see such an overrated franchise that doesn't have a great story or even a decent villain. The film features a very low budget that could have been a bit better spent.  The director, Sam Raimi, had to have been very disappointed with his third Spider-man film. He had a lot of ideas in the third film, and there were some great sequences that he could have put in this film, but unfortunately, the director didn't put in any. I guess that's just the way Sam Raffi has always been.  This movie really is just a mess. The only saving grace was the Spider-Woman cameo. I can't see how she's so great in this movie, unless she was in the original trilogy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the most horrible movies I've seen. I've never seen such a low-budget disaster like this, never before. I'm not a big horror movie fan, and it didn't make the cut for me. But it's the only horror movie that I'm surprised made it through this far.  The acting was OK, but the story is totally unbelievable. And the movie just doesn't have any momentum. This is just an awful excuse for an "Halloween" flick. It's just a waste of time. The only saving grace is that the movie's title is "The Curse of Dracula." If you're looking for a horror flick with a real story, and not just cheap scares, then this isn't the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie ever made by the guy that did the first movie and the sequel. Why is he doing this again? The original movie was so good and the original movie has been made and released for DVD. If you're looking for an 80's action flick look elsewhere. The guy who made the first one is a complete idiot and if you want to know why I'm not giving this a 4/10.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, while it's not the worst movie I've ever seen, does not make it to the top 10.  The only good thing about this movie is that it features some really bad actors.  I'm sure there's no reason to make this movie and there's really no reason for you to see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst films I have ever seen. The acting was awful. There was no suspense, and it really did not seem to have much in the way of plot. The movie just seemed to be made with no real thought put into it, it was just about getting the girl. It didn't make the most out of its potential. It is simply a bunch of guys taking potshots at each other. It would have been a good idea to have more girls in the movie.  And finally, I would like to point out that the song that plays over the ending credits is actually the theme song to "Saturday Night Fever". It is also an extremely bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so looking forward to watching this film, but unfortunately it turned out to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The acting is not good, the plot is not believable, the direction is not convincing and the sound track is awful. I would give it a 1 out of 10 if I could. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the first of three in a trilogy. But this movie is so bad it's not even worth mentioning the other two.  The movie is a mess of filler, poorly written, poorly acted, and the worst acting I've ever seen in a movie. The plot is so confusing and so poorly put together that it makes the other movies in the trilogy look like a piece of work done in a day.  I have seen worse movies in my time. This movie was like the bad part of the bad movie series.  That is a very low estimate. It's a 10 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this on a cable TV channel, and even though it was in some ways the best movie I've seen all year, it was still just plain awful. The cast is so bad that it makes it impossible to believe that they are actors. They just don't seem to be able to act. The script is also quite terrible, and the direction was so off-putting that it was impossible to care about the characters' plight. If you can get past the first hour, however, the movie does begin to get a bit better. But the whole thing just gets so boring and tedious that it becomes difficult to endure. Even the "realistic" ending (where the characters go to hell in a blender) just doesn't add up to the overall picture, as it seemed to have been a mere afterthought. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just a bunch of footage of the character of Chris Beckett. He gets the girl of his dreams but she has no idea what he's doing. She starts to question herself. It's a shame that this film is the first film of its kind to have a guy on camera saying the wrong thing.   This is the second movie of the series, so there is no excuse. This film is a waste of everyone's time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget sci-fi action flick that's only marginally entertaining, this was a complete waste of time. The acting is really bad, the special effects look like they were made in a college dorm room and the soundtrack is just annoying. The only thing I liked was the plot. I would like to see the plot more if they could hire a director with more talent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie where everyone who has seen it has agreed that the main characters are awful. However, this is not the movie to look at because of a few notable things. First, the acting is terrible. You get the feeling that the actors were just trying to make their characters more believable, and they just didn't have the time or energy to give them a great performance. It is a shame that this was even made, because I would have liked to see some more intelligent, talented actors in this film. The characters are so stupid that it's hard to believe that they exist. Some of the dialogue is also just plain silly, and the plot is completely incoherent. I'm sorry to say that the movie is a complete waste of time and energy. It's just not that good.  I'd say it was a 4 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very skeptical when I first saw the trailer for this film, and even the director acknowledged that it was very, very bad. Then I watched the trailer, and I got extremely frustrated and angry. The film itself was so poorly written, the acting was so bad, and the editing was so sloppy.  This film is just another piece of trash that you can find on the net.  It is a shame, and a disgrace to all of the good filmmakers of the future. This film should be taken off the net, and sent to a museum. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the synopsis and thought "hmmm I haven't heard of this movie before, let me see if it's good".  Well it turned out to be rubbish. It was as if the director wanted to make a horror film but didn't know how to (it was also the same for the producer who was also unknown at the time, I remember him from another film which was pretty bad).  It has no plot, no story, no ideas (except maybe the ending). It is just a bunch of people running around, doing stupid things, and shouting. If it were a horror movie, it would be worse.  I can understand why people are not attracted to this movie. It looks so unprofessional and there is no effort at making the movie funny or at least making the atmosphere more interesting. The music is also pretty poor. It's all about the blood and guts and I think that's where it failed.  The film also has some interesting ideas, such as a little girl who has an evil twin sister who is also a monster. I thought that would be interesting. It would have also been good if they did something with the story and the characters.   The actors were bad (as usual). I thought they were more than that but I think the whole cast was OK. The acting was so bad that the actors had to change their roles.  If you want a horror flick, go and see a better movie. The film is just not scary and there's no reason to waste your time on it. I really want to see the original version of the movie but unfortunately I can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a disappointment. The acting was not good, and the story line wasn't interesting. The music was bad and I could not understand the meaning of any words that were spoken.  The acting in this movie was so bad that it's unbelievable. The script didn't make sense. I mean, it's not that much of a surprise. I just felt that the director didn't understand the character he was playing. It's a bit scary to think that a movie was made about a child who was supposed to be a very sweet girl, but was actually a bit creepy and evil. It really should not have been made. I gave it 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a very bad attempt at a film about a famous and beloved cartoon character. The story is a complete and total failure. The script is bad. The animation is bad (at best). The voice acting is terrible. The direction is bad, and the character development is bad... And even worse, the sound effects were so badly made that the film actually had sound effects that could be heard, and sometimes I thought the sound of the film had been turned off (I'm a sound engineer).  The only good thing about the film was that it got me to watch some animation. If you want to see some animation, go to the Disney Channel. If not, don't waste your time watching this movie. It's just plain bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A strange movie in the sense that the plot does not make sense and the script is badly written. This was not a movie at all. It looked more like a video clip. If you look at the video you will realize it is a horror movie, but the script and the camera movements are so out of control that the viewer will think it is real. The actors looked really young and some of them were obviously not actors. This movie is really disappointing for the lack of talent. It was made by an amateur director who is too lazy to even think about making a movie.  The movie was poorly made and the movie was full of gore and sex. It is not a good horror movie if you want to scare the viewer. If it were a movie by a professional horror director I would not have rated it a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst film I've ever seen. It is so bad it makes me wonder how anyone could ever make it. The acting is horrendous, and the plot is so pointless that I was left wondering if the movie was made for children. The plot seems to be based on the word "CUT", which isn't even true, but that isn't the worst of it.  The worst thing about this film is that it never makes any sense. There is no logical purpose. In fact, you might even say it doesn't make sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the reason that this movie has never made the top of the IMDb's ratings.  The story itself is really bad, the acting is so bad that it could have been made without any script. The characters are bland and boring and there are no moments that I found especially entertaining. It is the kind of movie that I would watch to waste 30 minutes of my life, but if I were to find the DVD on sale somewhere I wouldn't buy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Hitchcock's Angels", if you're going to take a chance on this movie, I recommend you not. It's basically a bunch of actors who are just too old for their own movie and who are so desperate for money that they think anyone will give them enough money to make this movie. If you do watch it, you'll probably just feel sorry for them.  The story is weak and boring and it's really not a thriller at all. It starts off well, but soon, it becomes a boring story that isn't interesting at all to the viewer. The plot is not even the slightest bit believable. This is what I can say about this movie: 1. It has very low budget. 2. It was probably made to attract the film festival circuit, since there are several movies in the same genre. This movie could have been made for $25,000 and the results would have been the same. 3. It is not directed well. 4. The actors are all in their 30s and have all given up acting in movies. This does not make them good actors, but it makes them pathetic. 5. The movie is totally unsuitable for kids and teenagers. If it were to be shown to a child under 10, the parents would have to go to the nearest store and buy a copy of a horror movie to save the child's life.  It's a shame that so many people want to see this movie when they don't know any better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was terrible. The plot was unbelievable, the acting was horrendous, the movie was so boring that it made me wish the story wasn't true.   There was one part of the movie that actually made me laugh. I think it was the part where the guys were trying to beat up some guy with a baseball bat. I mean, seriously, who even watches that sort of thing anymore? This movie should have been a waste of money because the actors sucked so bad. But hey, it was worth the $10 to see how these guys got into the movie business. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie in a theater, which I know is a bad place to watch movies. I have watched this twice before, once at a cinema, and once at home, and both times I found the acting quite annoying and the story was absolutely boring. I could have made this movie 10 times worse if I was a film-maker. The acting was so bad that it was nearly impossible to suspend my disbelief. I felt like I was watching a bad version of "The Adventures of Bo Peep" (the American version of the British "The Red Riding Hood"). I am really sorry to say this but the only reason I was able to endure this movie was because I was in the theater and there was no sound.  I would like to say that the actors were excellent but that was not the reason I watched the movie so poorly. I do not know if the movie was made to promote a specific movie but this movie is just too much to expect from an animation. It would be nice if they made more films like this but I would still be very disappointed. I would rather not have to sit in a dark room and sit on my hands for hours. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've read the positive reviews and all the positive comments, and all of them make it seem that this is a very entertaining, well-crafted film, and that it could have been made into a much better film. But I can't agree with it. It's just a terrible, boring, and extremely disappointing film. The film is not even remotely entertaining or even very funny, but is very poorly acted. The acting is a real problem. It is a horror film without even the pretense of horror. It has no heart, and nothing about it is believable. The actors do not make the most believable and credible impression of a small child, and the director is a horrible actor who clearly doesn't know how to play a role. The script is extremely sloppy, and there is no effort to build the story around any kind of suspense or tension. The characters are boring, the plot is terribly predictable, and it's all very predictable and boring. The movie is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Ladies and gentlemen, this is the greatest movie ever made. If you have a low tolerance for stupidity, you might have trouble with this one. The cast is awful. I can't remember anything about any of them except for the plot. And I can guarantee that if you watch it, you will not like it. If not for that reason, then I'll let you know how it's going to turn out for you later.  The plot is about the evil king's new princess who can do magic. She can turn herself invisible, get inside people's heads, and control the weather. She also has a giant army of monsters that will kill anyone who gets in her way. But, you know, what movie does that anyway? She's going away to fight off the monsters, and you'll probably have to kill her to do it. I'm just going to come right out and say it. Her army is the biggest pile of rotting garbage I've ever seen in my life. She has to be able to walk, and even eat and drink, and have some kind of personality. The only thing that will save her is some kind psychic power. I didn't think I'd ever say that, but I do. It's the worst movie I've seen. I just wish someone would have told me what the movie was about.   The movie has a plot that has a lot of holes and a lot that's really dumb. There's a lot going on, and all of it is pretty unbelievable. There was one scene where the monster has to turn invisible because it's just too stupid. That's why you shouldn't watch this movie. The plot just doesn't make sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a huge fan of American Horror Story and, like any horror fan, I was looking forward to seeing the show come back on TV. Unfortunately, this movie just didn't have the charisma of its predecessors and failed to impress.  The cast was pretty much a one-and-done bunch. I found the characters a bit boring. It didn't help that the actors didn't appear to have a lot of charisma, either. The plot was not particularly interesting, either, but the movie didn't look very good either. I think it had to do with the lighting. The camera kept moving constantly, and I noticed the lighting in the shots of the people moving around was not good. I'm sure they had some kind of light-painting equipment involved, but I don't think it worked very well. There are some nice shots in the movie, but they are few and far between. The only good thing about the movie was the music. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a disaster of the worst kind. It starts off pretty decent but gradually descends into a complete and utter clusterfuck of incomprehensible plot twists, characters that are entirely unbelievable and characters that were once good but now have become utterly ridiculous. It also fails to give any sense of a story or any meaningful moments, instead opting for the most blatant form of self-indulgence. It's like an episode of a television show that's never really finished, and the only thing that's really funny is the sheer number of people watching it. I mean, it really could have been a good film if it had had the proper direction, the proper story and the proper actors. But sadly it just didn't happen. This is an insult to anyone who ever thought that this film was good. It was, in my opinion, one of the most terrible films I've ever seen. The acting was so atrocious, it's like the only two actors in the whole film were the actors who are actually in the film. I was hoping for a movie that was more like "A Different Kind Of Antibody", but I'm afraid it's just as bad.  The thing that really killed the film for me was the sheer amount of wasted energy in the movie. It felt like it was a completely unnecessary and boring exercise to make it so long and so convoluted. It seemed like it needed to be a big and grandiose finale, but they could have just made it a simple, three or four minute-long piece. There was no way it could have survived that kind of effort. And what's with the whole "mystery?" And the fact that the whole thing could have worked without any explanation, but the writers decided that the only explanation was the mystery?  As it turned out, the mystery wasn't any more complex than the plot and it didn't really matter. But I really wanted to know more about the movie, so I kept asking.  I kept getting a vague, "no clue" answer, and then I'd finally get an answer and it turned into a question. It wasn't until I finally asked the question that I got the answer.  A few words are in order here. The film has some interesting and original elements. The setting is very interesting and the characters are interesting. I really don't care about the characters though, because they're simply so completely predictable. The movie should have ended with the main character having a dramatic epiphany.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea for this movie was really great. I would have liked to see the movie with all the dialogue and all the action. Instead, the movie is just a mess. The only thing I liked about this movie is the movie trailers. I can't believe this movie went through the whole production without having a trailer.  The movie has one bad ending. I had to watch the movie in reverse to see if I missed something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was slow paced, poorly directed and completely unconvincing, yet the cast was great. It was just the opposite of the "Homer's" movies. The "Homers" films were great, they had a lot of plot twists and characters to fall in love with. "Ladies Man" didn't have any plot twists or characters to love.  "Lads", on the other hand, had a plot twist in every scene. The characters in "Lad's" are so flat and devoid of personality that they are not believable. The cast in "Daughters" are a little better, but the movie still has no redeeming qualities. The director, Kevin Reel, doesn't even care about the script. He just wants to be the director of this film. Why do people keep making movies like this? There are better movies out there.  The only redeeming feature of "LADIES MAN" was that it was actually a real romantic comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in a theater and I was amazed. But I also felt like I was watching a bad TV movie. This is one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen. I'm not joking when I say it's bad. It is so bad that it's not even funny. It's really depressing. The acting is bad, the story is bad and the story and the acting are both the lowest of the low.  I can't recommend this movie. It has no story and it doesn't have a killer. It looks like a low budget remake of "Crimewatch" but it's worse. This movie makes me sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like movies that make you hate your life or make you wish you were dead, then I guess this is the movie for you. I mean, this movie made me want to kill myself every five minutes.  The cast was just so poorly done, it was obvious they were doing this for money. It was like they were trying to create a movie of a serial killer and then trying to sell it at the same time. The only way they could have made it more tolerable was to give each character a big name and to have a lot of sex in it. Oh well.  I gave this one an 8 out of 10. It's pretty good if you're a total loser and hate yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie when I was about 12. I was amazed that anyone could possibly think that this movie could be funny. I thought it was an amazing parody of "The Three Stooges", but was totally disappointed when it turned out to be a horrible mess of a movie. It is definitely not as funny as it first appeared. I can understand how someone who hates the Stoogedas and the movies could think that I had not seen this movie. But this is the worst comedy in the history of comedy. It's so bad that it really is beyond satire. The acting is awful, the plot is incomprehensible, the humor is so shallow, it is so utterly unoriginal, it's so stupid, it makes me want to punch myself in the face. The only reason this movie is tolerable is because it's an attempt at satire, and it's not really funny.  In the original, "The Stoogist", there are plenty of jokes about the Stoikas and their stupid jokes. This movie, however, is just an exercise in recycling. Every time the Stoika characters come into the room, they make a joke. Every one of the jokes are recycled, just like the original movie. The movie even tries to make it look like they're having a laugh at the Stoikoast's expense. This is just a poor excuse for a parody of a bad comedy.  The biggest problem with this movie, besides the obvious stupidity, is that it's just an unmitigated disaster. The jokes are so poorly constructed and poorly acted that I just couldn't believe that they were trying to make a movie out of it. I found myself laughing at every single joke. It was so bad I didn't even care if I was in the movie or not. The entire movie felt like a waste of time. I cannot believe that anyone who made this movie actually thought it could be anything more than a complete waste of everyone's time.  I wish this movie had never been made. It would have been the ultimate waste of a great movie: a waste in the way that "The Cat In The Hat" was a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was pretty boring at the beginning. After about 15 minutes of being in the movie, I was ready to go back to bed and never come back to it. But then, it started to get worse and worse. I'm not sure how many people have ever complained about movies before. I've never heard a negative comment about a movie, but I guess it happens. But if you did, I'll give you credit for that.   It wasn't until the last 10 minutes or so that I started to really hate it. The movie was completely boring and I didn't care to watch the ending. I was annoyed by the fact that I couldn't find the DVD release. I would have preferred it to have been a VHS release, but even then, I would be more likely to rate this lower than the DVD version.  The DVD release is so obviously inferior, I'm surprised it still has a rating.  I'll still give it 3 out of 10 because it's still better than the movie "The King Of The Hill", but it's not nearly as good as "Disco Dog". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My husband and I both have a bit of a horror and gore movie addiction, so I decided to go out on a limb and see if we could find one that ticked us off as much as we both dislike the genre. I found the original Twilight series, but I could not find the sequels until my husband found a copy on Amazon. Now I have to admit, I don't usually like the original trilogy, but this was just the worst. This is a low budget, mediocre horror, with some great shots but no plot or character development. It's just an average gorefest, which you can enjoy as a movie, but the fact that the movie was made for a low dollar budget really shows its lack of quality. It is probably worth a pass for a few people who love a low-budget horror movie, and if you want to see more gore, just find some cheap horror movies on the net, and you'll find some more of the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I were at the theater to see "The King of Queens". I think the movie was a bit disappointing, as the plot seemed to be too much for us to digest, but it was good fun anyway.  The movie was slow, and the acting was weak, and it wasn't even worth the price of admission. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone who's interested in seeing this type of movie. The plot was predictable, and there were too many bad jokes. I was expecting an all out comedy, and this was disappointingly dull.  Don't waste your money on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that when the director and cast had the opportunity to do something interesting with this script, they made the worst movie I have ever seen. They made it seem like a high-school rom-com. The movie just isn't that entertaining. The script is completely useless. The acting is terrible, and the music, while not bad, was a huge disappointment. The dialog in the movie is a huge mess. The story is so terrible that the only thing that kept me watching was the final "act" where the main character got married to his girlfriend.  I found the entire movie unbearable. I would not recommend this movie to anyone. It was a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like movies that I'm entertained by, but this one is so dull I don't know how to even classify it. It's got a few moments of humour, but most of it is just awful. The characters are the same old people, the plot is too predictable and there are just too many plot holes. There are some nice moments, but overall it's just not that entertaining. The whole thing is so tedious that I just don't care to see the ending.  The whole movie just feels like it could have been made by a bunch of teenage kids that have to get into their school computers and don't understand what they're doing. It makes no sense and the acting is just plain awful.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a film about the murder of a man who murdered his own mother and the subsequent trials of the men who killed her, the film makes absolutely no sense. It's as if the story is not important to anyone involved in it and the actors do not care to try to understand what's happening. I've never seen anything like it and it's truly disturbing that it's even made. The film begins and ends in a car chase, then it suddenly goes to the scene of the crime, and then back to the car where the killer has killed the people in the car. There's no explanation for why it's suddenly switched between scenes of the murder and those of the chase. It is so confusing that the scene at the end of the movie is so brief that I could hardly tell what happened after that. The movie has an extremely shallow and unbelievable ending and I'm afraid the audience is going to be left with absolutely nothing to connect to the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The acting is very bad, the story is awful, the characters are so far gone, they are so unbelievable, and the plot is so confusing that it makes the audience think that they are watching a TV show. The only good thing I can say about it is that it is hilarious to watch a couple of characters (a husband and wife who are in love with each other) making out and having sex, but the rest of the movie is so much worse.  I think the only reason I made it through it is because I really wanted to see the sex scenes. But to say that the sex was good is an understatement. If you have ever had sex with someone, you know how badly it is. This is worse than the previous movies I've seen where they make out. This movie was so bad, that the acting was worse than that of the previous movie, and that's a big compliment.  In conclusion, I cannot recommend this movie. It was so terrible, that I wish I had the money to rent it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first few minutes are great and exciting, the first act is very good. The story is interesting, but the ending is just silly. This movie is really one of those movies where you cannot stop laughing at the actors and can't get out of the theater. The only good thing about this movie is the first two acts. However, the third act is awful. I think this movie was made in 1995. It is a really terrible movie. I would avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A poor excuse for a film.  The story was interesting, but the acting was so wooden that I actually thought the characters were going to die or go insane.  I'm sure this was a low budget production, but I'm guessing the director was underwhelmed by the actors and crew. I'm going to give this one a one out of ten. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen this movie, and I know that the title is wrong, but I found it anyway. It is so bad that it makes you wonder how the hell people are even allowed to make movies. I can only conclude that the writer must have never even seen this film, because it is completely incomprehensible. There is no dialog in the movie, none of the actors speak, and there is absolutely no humor in the whole thing.  The characters are bland and uninteresting, the story is so poor that it is almost impossible to believe the actors' voices were actually the ones they said.  I would highly recommend anyone to avoid this movie. It should be banned.   I'll leave you with a quote from the movie: "Life is a journey to find yourself and the life you want is in your own hands, the rest is in the past. A true life can never be taken for granted, because life never truly exists." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film about a murder, not really. This film features no real story-line whatsoever. Just like every other film in the genre that tries to emulate a murder mystery, the film is so boring that you might as well just sit down and watch a really bad movie. This was a case of "how far can one film get from the standard'mystery' film" and "how much more can one movie get from'mysteries'?" The whole thing feels like an attempt to cash in on the recent success of the TV series "Dexter" by making a cheap film about the same plot, but without the original TV series. This is actually a rip-off of "Dex", but with none of the original series' humor and none of its charm.  There is nothing else in this film that I can think of to say, other than that it's probably the worst film I've ever seen, and that the best film I ever saw was a film that was so boring I can't even remember what it was about, but it had a really interesting storyline and was actually quite good. The story here is basically a cop who's friend is murdered and his friend's sister finds out that the cop murdered her sister and now the cop has to figure out who did it, and then he has to go on trial for it.  The acting is fairly decent, but nothing really to recommend this film over "Dex". The characters are bland and the story is a total mess. The whole movie seems to be made up of all the things that Dexter does that the characters don't know about (like how Dexter kills a man and then kills a bunch of people he's in love with) and it's just so boring.  If you want a murder-mystery film, you should really just watch the TV show "Dex" instead of this film. This movie doesn't even pretend to be anything like it. The ending was actually pretty nice, but the story was so far from anything that I didn't even care about the plot or the characters at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that could make this movie interesting would be if the actors were actually capable of acting. I found myself watching this movie over and over and expecting the actors to do a decent job. They couldn't even carry themselves like a movie. This movie is a mess of a movie that could have been made better. It is so devoid of a plot that it's almost as if the writer is having a bad time. The acting is so lackluster that I found it difficult to suspend my disbelief. Even the best actors can't carry a movie to a point where they're funny or emotionally engaging enough to warrant the movie being worth watching. This is one of those movies that was so boring that I thought the director might actually be drunk and just made the movie out of boredom.  If you're interested in a movie with a mediocre script and lackluster acting, this movie isn't for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the first half of this movie before and didn't understand it. The rest of the movie was just confusing. The only thing that I can remember from the beginning is a scene where a little boy has a nightmare about a dog and it's a bad dream. I'm not sure if that was the whole movie or just a part. The whole thing just seemed rushed and not coherent. It looked like it was rushed because they had to cut to get it in a time window. It just seemed like a bunch of actors sitting around talking and shooting the breeze and making up the dialogue as they go.  The movie had a really weird, low-budget style that I haven't seen before. I think the director must have just seen a few trailers and thought that they looked good. The cinematography was really poor, and the lighting was very poor. The music didn't sound like anything I've heard before. They even used an old-school disco tune that sounded like a lot of people screaming. The movie seemed like they did the music on purpose, but it didn't make sense. I would like to have seen the director talk to the actors and find out how they felt about this film.  It was so boring that it was unbelievable. The kids' faces were so dull and lifeless that you could just stare at them. I found the whole thing so unbelievable that I could have watched this for five minutes straight and just forgot that I was watching it.  I didn't like the script at all. It was like a script from a bad horror movie. You can't even tell who was in it and who wasn't. It had some of the same problems that movies like "A Nightmare on Elm Street" and "Poltergeist" had.  All in all, it wasn't worth my time and it sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a waste of my time. It was very boring and it made me feel even worse for the actors because they had to spend so much time on the camera. It made me angry that this movie made money and did not make much profit.  The ending is very unsatisfactory. The ending should have been left as is, since there is no good reason to believe that the characters are anything but moronic idiots.  I gave it a 1/10 because it was so boring and poorly directed. The only reason I gave a rating of 10 was because it's an "unbelievable mess". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so awful. The acting is so wooden, the directing is so poorly done and the script is so flat. The movie is about a bunch of people who are having their lives ruined because they were in the wrong place at the wrong time. The problem with this movie is that the characters are so unlikable and unlikeworthy that I couldn't care if they died. The plot is so weak that it makes it almost impossible to believe the movie even exists.  The story is really boring. The action sequences are really weak. I was hoping that the story would have a more substantial effect than it did. I'm sure that there was a storyboard, but I'm so disappointed that it wasn't used.  This isn't even worth mentioning because there is a lot more going on in the movie than I was able to figure out. If you want a movie that's boring and not even worth seeing, don't see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was terrible. It is not funny and the acting was awful. The acting is not believable at all. It was just a complete waste of money and time. The script was also bad. It could have been much better. I saw it at the "Laughing Man" theater and it made me want to throw up. I would have rather watched a horror movie instead of this. The only reason I'm giving this movie 4/10 is because it was the only film I saw in this theater on a Sunday. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was only mildly amused by the "Clueless Cat" story line. It's not even funny to watch because the actor doesn't seem to know what's going on in the movie. In fact, it's not clear that the director and the writer even knew what they were trying to say. The story line doesn't make any sense even when you've got the time to sit down and think about it. If you want a comedy with a plot, go to a comedy club.  The acting is laughable. Some of the acting is so bad I'm tempted to laugh at them. Some are so far removed from the real world that I'm sure it's just some kind of sick joke. Some actors seem to have made their careers on being ridiculously overrated and I'm just surprised they can keep that up for so long. The only redeeming feature of this movie is that there is some good footage of cats.  If you've ever read anything about cats, I would suggest skipping this movie and going straight to the "Kitten-Eating Monster" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that I would expect to see in the '80s but I can't remember one until the mid-90s. I'm guessing that it was a low budget "B" film. It looks like a bunch of guys from the local "B-team" and the director had a big ego and could not find a way to make the movie entertaining. It's very similar to the films made by Michael Bay, but it was never as good. The acting was very wooden and there was no real suspense in the story line. The plot was very predictable and the only "highlight" was a couple of "WTF" lines from the actor. I don't think this was the director's intention but this was a very unimpressive film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete waste of time. It was so bad that it makes you think of everything that could have been done better and this is the first film that comes to my mind when I think about how to make a movie. The story was not only a waste of it's time but it was so poorly written that I felt like I was watching an awful comedy. The acting was just so awful that I didn't even feel like I wanted to make out with any of the actors. The directing was terrible, the cinematography was just plain awful and the direction and editing was so horrible that I almost had to look at the picture in slow motion to make sure I wasn't seeing it through a fog of confusion. This was the worst film I've ever seen. I don't understand how people were so stupid to put it on the screen. It's just plain stupid.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was predictable, but the ending was not. I can't believe they decided to cast such an unknown person as the lead, or they would have made a different ending for the movie. The movie is not funny, it's not funny enough to be funny, and it's so boring and stupid that it's hard to take it seriously. It's so stupid that I could just watch it and be bored, because I could laugh at everything. I mean, what's the point of a movie where the characters say something completely stupid, and then they're all dead?  It's not even funny. It is simply awful. The director made a joke about a woman who was killed by a drunk man, but he was just a drunk and not a murderer. He didn't deserve to die. The whole thing was just stupid.  I can only recommend that you watch the movie and not watch it, because there are better movies out there.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film with a rather disappointing ending. As is the case with so many films where the protagonists are portrayed as being a little too eager to make the world a better place and get rid of the evil that they are so eager to be rid of, this film seems to have been made as a mere excuse to cast some pretty girls and make them wear tight clothes and make some pretty shots. I have seen more than one girl in this film who looked like they had been put through a series of corset-less hot wax treatments. And if that is what it took to make this film, it should be made in France. This film could have been really good, if only it had the proper actors involved. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete waste of my time. I have never seen a movie this bad before. It has very little plot and even less character development.  This is the worst of all the horror movies I've seen. It's like a TV show made up of scenes that happen every three minutes. The movie is about a couple that get lost in the woods and meet a demon that tries to kill them. The demon is really scary and creepy and the movie is so terrible that it makes me want to watch a good horror movie.  I'm glad that this movie exists, because it's just so boring.  If you're not a fan of scary movies, you might as well watch a TV movie instead. If you want to see a bad horror movie, watch the remake of The Exorcist, which is much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title should have read "The Last Thing" but it's still a great movie.   This film has very little plot, and very little direction. I thought this film had potential, but the script was terrible. The cast was terrible as well, the director didn't do anything at all. I would not recommend watching this film unless you want to get a headache. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating is just a bad guess. The movie was an utter waste of time and money. The plot was so stupid, so cliche and so over the top, that it made the viewer feel that the whole thing was just another TV show made by an old guy who likes to put on scary movies. I actually thought that the show was made by a kid in high school who made this as a way to make money and who may not have had much of a clue what the script was supposed to be about. I really thought that it would have been funnier if it was actually made by some older people who weren't just making fun of the kids. I think this is a sad day for TV. If a young person is going to spend money on a movie or TV show, they need to know that it is going in the wrong direction. And even worse, if they spend a lot of money, they should know that the movie or show is probably going to be awful, and the only way to get that feeling is to see it with the original cast and be surprised at how much worse it actually was than it looked in the theaters.  If you like a lot and a lot, you are going to hate this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has so many things wrong. It is full of characters who are so unlikable that you think they are actually characters from an old comedy. It takes itself so seriously that it has almost no humor to begin with. I really hope that this movie does not get released. It just makes no sense. It's too serious. And even worse it has a director who's name is a joke.   The worst part about this movie is that it's about the death of a family member.  That was actually a real tragedy. And the plot was not as funny as I thought it was.  It's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this film when I was 15 years old. I saw it in a video store, it was so terrible I almost forgot to tell my mother about it, I didn't know what to do with it and it made me laugh when I watched it. Now I'm 39 and I can't bring myself to watch this movie any more. It's terrible. The actors are horrible, the story is lame, and there are so many things that are wrong with it. You can't get out of the theater after watching this movie. I'd hate to see anyone else watch it because it makes no sense. It doesn't have a beginning or end, it never does. I wish I could find it in the trash because I want it to be destroyed. I can understand a lot of what was said in the movie, but I can only understand that the director had no idea what he was doing, and the script was so unbelievable that I can see it now and I still can't believe it.  This movie makes me wonder if it was made by the same director that made the first movie. It also makes me sad because the movie doesn't seem to make any sense. If this movie made by a different director came out, I'd probably be more amused than I am with this. I don't know why this movie was made, it's so bad that it makes me want to scream at the screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie as it was shown in a few theaters in the US and Canada, and then when it was released in the UK, I watched it again at home, and was so disappointed that I couldn't watch it again.  It's just so utterly dull, pointless and meaningless, that you'd just assume it was written by a teenager, and therefore the only thing you'd be able to make sense of it is that it's a teenage girl writing a book. The plot is nonsensical, the characters are so unbelievable, that they actually make you think that they're a real teenager. The acting is very, very bad. The script is so weak that you could've just thrown it out and written a bad teen-horror flick without even a script, if you were so inclined. There is no reason to waste your time watching it.  If you want to watch an awful movie: don't watch this movie. Just don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first thing that comes to mind when I think of "The Rocky Horror Picture." "Rocky Horror" is so much more than that movie. It's a film where you can't tell what is what and then, just when you think you've figured it out, they pull you back into the movie. They keep you on the edge of your seat, just for an hour and a half.  "Rock of Ages" is really the only way to describe this movie, since the other two titles are more of a trip. "Rockys" is like a trip to the dentist's office, only without all the blood and guts. There's no mystery to this movie. Nothing happens. No mystery. There are no shocks. No surprises. No mysteries. Nothing is left unexplained.  The only thing that I can say is that there are really two scenes in this movie that are just awful. It was not at all convincing to have a man go through every door and door frame of the house. The other scenes were okay but still not good enough to warrant a 2 out of 10. This is probably the worst Rocky Horror movie I've ever seen. If you are a fan of the original, you will probably like this one, but if you are not a fan then, I would recommend you avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie is a joke. The story is about an old man (played by a man who has gone on to become a movie actor) who has come to live with a young girl (played in this movie by an actress who is not very good looking and has been out of the movie business for a while) who is a drug addict. After having a few drinks he goes on a rampage and kills people and is only stopped by a little boy who happens to be the son of the old man's old lover.  The old man gets a job in a real movie theater where he is the assistant director of a film where he gets drunk and has to be escorted out by his new wife and daughter. The movie is about a very lame and predictable story about a young woman who wants to make a big comeback and wants to play a leading role.  What I found really amusing was the scene where the young woman meets the director's son and starts to flirt with him. I mean, this is a man's daughter. She's only a teenager and he's only an older man. The old woman and the girl have sex and then the old woman kills the girl's father. The young man tries to save the girl from her mother but he is unsuccessful. The ending of the film is quite predictable and has a very bad ending.  I would give this movie an 8 or an 1. I didn't like it, and the movie has the makings of a bad comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, there are so many things wrong with this movie, and it is so hard to figure out what is wrong. I saw this movie with the help of a DVD. It was only made for DVD, and I have never seen it before. It is so bad I was almost afraid to talk about it, but I don't want to embarrass anyone by talking about such a bad film. The plot was too convoluted and the characters so stupid that I couldn't believe I was watching them. If the plot had been better I would have laughed more, but the acting was awful.  Some scenes were good, but not really, and some of the dialogue was so incomprehensible that I was having trouble deciphering the words. The acting was bad enough to make me think it was made by the Japanese. The music was a little bit old and the background music didn't seem to fit the story, but that was the least of the problems. There are so few good films out there, and this is a complete waste of time. It doesn't have any depth, it isn't funny, and there is a whole lot of boring and unbelievable nonsense.  I can't recommend this film, because it is just so bad, and has such a terrible score that it has a negative effect on the whole movie. I would give it a 1.5, because I thought it was good, and the actors were OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of time, and if you like movies that are not original, and not much more, you will love this film. However, if you want something a little more original, a little deeper and more detailed, then I would advise you to stay away.  The acting is terrible, and the plot is so weak. A few scenes have a great beginning and end, but they just can't last for more than about 3 minutes. The plot is very, very basic, and there is no real plot at all, so it just gets dragged out and repeats itself, and it doesn't get any better than that. I wouldn't even recommend this film to a friend. It would probably be better to stick to "The Adventures of Sinbad", which is much better than this film, in my opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this film was made. I'm not a movie critic, but I'm a big fan of the "The Office" series and was looking forward to this film. I was also hoping the film would have a decent ending, and I can only assume the producers wanted a little more time to put in some more twists and turns. However, the plot is extremely predictable and the ending is extremely disappointing. The movie is a complete disaster and doesn't deserve the $8 million it cost. The acting was OK, but not great, and the plot was incredibly predictable. I think the film was written by someone who had never made a movie before. This film has nothing to offer, and if it does have any redeeming qualities, they're really only a few hours worth. If you're looking for a good comedy film, I'd suggest you check out "Mr. Bean" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie twice. The first time I laughed, the second time I was mortified. It's so bad it makes you wonder if there's a script. It starts off slow, but then just goes downhill. There are no scenes worth watching. There's no dialog, the acting is bad and the story is so bad, it's so terrible it's not funny.  One of the worst movies I've ever seen. This should never have been made. Why do people make movies like this? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did not like this movie. The acting was horrible, and I couldn't believe that this movie was even released in Europe. There was no sense of story or setting. I was expecting a movie with a storyline and character development. What I got was a story about a bunch of characters who have no character development whatsoever and then you get a couple of minutes of story where the characters get a bit more personality. And then you're left with the story and then the movie ends.  I'm going to stick with the first one because the first film was much better.  It's not even funny, and you'll have to sit through at least 5 hours of it to get a decent laugh.  The ending is lame, and the movie is so poorly made and poorly directed that you'll just have to let it sit on your hard drive for 2 days to see how the rest of the movie works. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is just an excuse to make a film about a movie: The plot is nothing interesting, the acting is awful, the movie is very slow paced and it just feels like a waste of time.  I give it an average rating of 3/10, and I think it would be better if it were about the movie itself, not just the plot. This film really should have been made in the 1970s, because it is so far behind the times.  This is a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this film was to have a female-led film, but it failed miserably in all areas. In my opinion, there were no redeeming qualities to be found here. It was as bland as the other films of this type.  The actors and actresses were not particularly convincing either. The script was too convoluted for me to care about the plot. I guess if you want to make a "women's film" and you can't get anyone to actually act like a woman, you don't need to worry about writing anything.  And if you are making a film with a female lead and you are not able to get a female director to make the film work, you are at fault for not making the film as a whole.  This film is so boring and the script was so awful that it was almost impossible to follow, but I did manage to find the ending.  There are plenty of women who are better directors than this director, but this film is only a 4/10. If you are a female who wants to be taken seriously as a filmmaker, I would suggest that you do NOT waste your time watching this film. It is just another piece of trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Lose Yourself" is not a bad horror flick, but it is a pretty bad horror movie. It is just plain boring and boring. I mean that.  I mean it just got me bored. I don't mean that it was scary. It wasn't scary. But it wasn't exactly scary either. I think I'm more of a horror fan than a horror movie fan, but I don`t think I've ever seen a horror flick that I've seen that bored me as much as this one did. It was just boring. The only reason I give it a 4 is because it wasn`t as terrible as some of the other B-movies I've watched. I just felt it was more generic and predictable than others. It just had that bland "normal" feel to it. The characters weren't exactly likable either, but they weren't so annoying either.  Overall I give this B-movie a 3.5 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A "B" film, or an over-the-top, badly-edited, poorly-written, and quite possibly the worst film I have ever seen. I was so disgusted, that I thought that the entire movie was the work of some sort of demonic force. If that was the case, why did this film have a poster? Why did this movie have a DVD? Why was it even in a theater? I am not going to lie, I saw it in the "C" section of the theater. And I sat there thinking, "I'm going to be sick of this movie in the next three years. If it's not in the C section, it's going to get the C- section. If the movie is in the B section, I'm going back to the B and just see the movies that are there.  I can only imagine what kind of people would actually watch this film, especially if they're just plain angry. It's not that the movie was bad, it was just awful.  It's obvious that it was not even made to be a movie.  The actors were awful. The direction was awful. And, the movie looked terrible. The only thing that I really liked about it was the fact that it had "F". If it had been an "F" movie, I would have given it a 1/10.  And, if you're looking for a good movie, don't watch this. If you want to see a movie that is not bad, go to "W" (Witch Hunt). If you're a fan of "W", go to the "W". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the early 80's, I worked as a security guard at the mall, where my job was to protect the mall from dangerous criminals. I was very bored and got very bored. One day, I was assigned to guard a "tape-delivery" (a type of delivery van that drives around the mall). One of my co-workers told me about a dangerous and illegal tape-deliver van. One of the passengers on the tape-car, a young girl named Sarah, was going to have her hair ripped off, her face slashed and her clothes shredded. I decided to help Sarah. I put on a disguise and went to her home. I got in her truck and gave her a briefcase full of money. Then, I gave her some "woo-woo" and left. That was the beginning of the end for me. Sarah was in the truck with the tape player. When I went to the tape room, I found Sarah, and I was shot in the chest. I managed to get my gun, and the gun was very loud, and she was killed. I killed her because I thought she had a gun, too. I later found out that she had some sort of a disease that she couldn't control, and that she was about to get killed. So, I killed all the passengers in the taperoom and then I went back to my office. I looked at my file and noticed that Sarah had been killed because I was "caught" for the first time. I went out and got another job. After a few years, I retired and went on vacation. I returned a few days later, and Sarah was still alive. She had been murdered, but I hadn't killed anyone yet. I then killed the rest of the tape players. I made some more money that time, and then retired.  The "taping" was a scam. I saw that they used to be able to tape people, but they stopped doing it. This tape-player was a fraud. I should have known, since they are now making this "tapping" device. I could have been on to them. I think I'm dead. The only thing that saved me from the "tapers" was that they had a tape that was a few weeks old. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst film I have ever seen, not just in the movie genre but in all of my life. The story line is unbelievable, and the acting is so bad it's unbelievable. The only saving grace is that the special effects look amazing and look very realistic. The movie has no suspense at all, and it really isn't scary or scary-ish. It's just very boring and a little bit boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm surprised that anyone with any level of interest in this film has not made a positive review about it. The plot is so incoherent that it makes no sense and the actors are so completely off their rocker that I could never care to look at them again. This is a complete waste of time. There are no characters that I cared about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First time watching this movie I found myself wondering how the movie could be made so poorly. It is not funny or original, just a bunch of people acting in a way that no one would ever act, and it has a really annoying opening. There are too many bad jokes and not enough plot to keep the audience interested.  This movie isn't a bad film by any means. It could have been good if it was not so poorly made. The plot is not believable, and the acting is terrible. There is absolutely nothing to make this movie worth seeing. It's just a bad, unfunny, cheesy movie that the producers thought was funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just not funny at all, or funny at the most basic level. You can tell that it's a low budget, badly edited and poorly written movie. You know, like a TV series about a loser that plays his stupid role and gets a little more than his due recognition.  The plot was very weak, and the only reason I was entertained was because of the character's lack of comedic timing and delivery. I just couldn't get into the whole "comedy" aspect of the movie. There was no way that I could relate to him. It was so poorly written that it really didn't even deserve the credit. It just made you wonder why it was made.  I can't give it a 1/10. I rate it at a 1 out of 10, because it was so utterly unfunny and it left me feeling miserable and depressed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a disappointment for a bad film. There is no plot and no real story. Just a bunch of people with big mouths. This movie has no depth and just a few minutes of fun.  I think that this movie was made to be a spoof of a good movie like "Liar's Last Shot". Unfortunately, this movie is so badly made, it was just plain awful. I guess they thought that it would be funny to make a movie about a bunch people who can't tell jokes and who can only tell jokes that they want to tell. If you want to see a comedy that is funny but not particularly funny, try "Loser's Club". This movie was a waste of time and a waste to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film at the local cinema. It was just not worth my time. I am sure this is the worst film I have ever seen. I don't know why it was released. Maybe they thought it was a cult hit and wanted to capitalize on it? I do believe this is a low budget film that could've been made with a few thousand dollars. It really made me wonder how they made the trailer, because it was horrible.  There were a couple things I liked. One was the opening scene where a guy is lying on the floor trying to get his hands up to his face in order to see the "secret" in his pants. I liked the scene, but they should've made the guy a bit taller so he could get his arms up higher. The rest of the movie was just terrible. The acting was awful, the soundtrack was awful and the direction was awful. I give it a 1/10. I did not recommend this film to anyone, unless you are a big fan of the original "Randy the Redneck". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie and not one in the theaters, not one DVD, not even one DVD with an extra 10 minutes of extra footage. The reason is that it is only available on DVD, and this DVD contains the whole movie in its entirety (with the exception of the "bonus footage"). If this were a video movie, it would have had the same fate as all the other "bonuses" on "Halloween III" DVD, which are simply extended footage of the previous movies. This is a video only, and is not intended to be a video-game. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My initial reaction to the review was, "How is a movie with such a low rating from so many sources - why would anyone watch it?" Then I saw the movie again and was astonished to realize that the film was actually about an older, unattractive woman who had committed suicide.  The fact that this movie could be so poorly rated by so many people should surprise me. I've been seeing and hearing about the movie for the past five years and have yet to see a decent, well-acted movie that actually gets the story of a person, who lived a terrible life, and made a horrible decision. This movie is a waste of time. It has no redeeming features and is an absolute waste of the viewer's time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so so poorly written and so poorly acted that it's almost laughable.  The acting is so terrible, it's just so annoying, and I just can't understand how it's possible to have two guys playing this kind of role.  This is just the worst excuse for a B-Movie ever. It's so predictable, so unbelievable, and so stupid.  I can't believe that anyone gave this movie a decent rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand how someone can spend all of their free time and effort making a movie about a stupid movie about something so stupid.  First off, why are the two main characters (Kellie and Sam) in such close proximity? Why did they even meet? Why are the characters so similar? Why was there no explanation of why the characters are so close to each other? Why were their relationships so short? Why can't we get any idea of what was going on with the characters? Why don't they have their own houses? Why doesn't Sam know anything about his father? How did Sam's father live in his home? Why do the characters even meet with each other in the first place? Why does Sam and Kellie's mother act so stupidly by trying to make Sam jealous? And what about Sam's "dad" and "mommy" and the whole family? Did they all die? Why isn't there any indication that they were ever involved in Sam's life at all?  The characters are extremely shallow and predictable. They don't have much to do and they all seem to hate each other. They have no real chemistry.  I would have preferred a shorter movie that had the characters get their own house. It would have been better for them to have their relationship more realistic and believable. I can't imagine how someone who could spend so much time and money creating a movie would spend all that time and energy creating a film that didn't even come close to what they put in the movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a reason why so many people hate this movie. It's boring. I've seen worse in a movie theater. This one has nothing to do with science. I thought it might have been directed by a man who's had too much of a good movie to not have some originality. But there was nothing original about the plot or the character. There was no reason to care about them. They were the same as the rest of the cast except for the one who made it so.  If you're not a science fan, don't waste your time. I just saw a bunch of old guys who had seen this movie on TV and they didn't like it. I'm surprised they didn' t have a problem with the movie's content. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see why they called this movie a cult classic, but to call it a cult hit is ludicrous. The fact that this movie has been made into a film on its own merits is something else. It's just a very boring movie with a terrible script and actors who don't really have a lot of acting ability. I'm not sure how they managed to fool the public with such a bad film.  The film is completely unoriginal, and a waste of a half hour.  It's a waste as it doesn't really show the film's main problem - the way that the movie is made. The actors aren't really acting - they're just playing the role they were given. This is the reason why the film has a very long, drawn out ending. It has to drag the story along to get the ending. And the ending is completely pointless.  If you want to see a film that makes you feel like you're watching a movie with an inferior script, you can get it on DVD. If you don't want to waste your time on a movie that has a really bad script, don't buy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an embarrassment. The story is so lame and there are so many unnecessary plot devices. It's just boring and not interesting. And it's so obvious that the writer had never read any science fiction before. This movie should be titled "Bored With the Boring" or "Boring with the Obvious".  The movie is just so slow and has so many of these silly ideas that I just want to scream. I mean, why are they even making this movie? The writer could have just thrown in some really cool special effects and not bothered to tell the viewer about them, or made them less obvious by just putting them in the movie.  If you like action and gore, and you have seen this movie before, please don't waste your time on this movie. If you don't like this movie, then don't watch it. If only they would just throw in some better action sequences that would make it interesting.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete waste of my time. It has a great cast, but there is nothing that moves the story along. The only good part is the last half hour where the kids are all crying. This movie does nothing for the kids, it's a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so hoping for a comedy that would turn out to be this movie: it's so bad. Not only does it lack the humour I expected from this kind of thing, but it lacks the character development that a lot of comedies have. I know it was a very low budget film, and it does have a few laughs, but that's not enough to save this piece of crap from being just another one of those movies that nobody likes. And this is just one more example of Hollywood's failure to produce something that is actually funny.  This movie doesn't even deserve a score. I just wanted to rate it 2 out of 10, because this is one of the worst comedies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry if I was offended by the movie. I really don't understand how the movie could be considered as a good movie. The plot is so weak, the characters are so boring and the story line is so unbelievable. The script is so poor, the actors so bad, and the direction and sound are so bad that you don't notice the terrible editing and the awful music.  It just isn't worth watching. The only good thing about this movie is the title and it's catchy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible movie, with all the things that go wrong. From the beginning it was hard to understand the movie, and there were no clues as to why this movie was being made. The movie is so short, the dialogue is so annoying and the story is so unbelievable. It is almost impossible to make out what is going on without knowing the words.   The film itself has been released by a TV station, so I assume the director was not even a student. However, I am guessing that the director is still a student and that the movie was made for free. How can that be, unless it was a job? I would be very surprised if the director even made the movie. The director should not have done a movie that was this bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been an interesting couple of weeks for me. I saw the trailer for it and thought it looked interesting. I wasn't sure I would like it, but I was willing to give it a chance. And I was disappointed.  I found myself in a very long and boring movie. There was not a single character that I didn't care for, and I'm a person who can take a long movie without a single line that I don't like. I don;t know what the plot is about, but it's clear that the director was not very familiar with the subject matter.  This movie is a total waste of your time. I would have been better off watching some sort of "adult" movie that wasn't so heavily weighted in nostalgia.  If you are a big fan of the cult classic "Star Wars" series, you probably won't like this movie. If you have any sense at all, don't waste your time on it. If the director of this movie had known what he was doing, he would have made a much better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping to see this film, and I am sure that it's quite a lot better than the original, but, it was so completely and utterly boring that I felt as if I was watching an old "Drama", and that was probably what the director intended.  I found the film's script very hard to follow, the acting was very bad, and the story was very predictable and extremely predictable. The acting was especially bad when it came to the main female character. The whole film was just very annoying and it was quite hard to watch.  The only good thing I found in this film was that the plot was interesting and there was a little bit of a twist at the end. But, it wasn't very satisfying and didn't feel like the film was trying to give anything away. The direction was really bad.  There is nothing to recommend this film. It's just a waste of your time and your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure why this movie was made but I do know that it was made in a very short time (less than a month). It's probably due to the lack of any script or plot, but the movie is simply too short to be worth it, especially with its horrible soundtrack (not to mention the acting of the lead). The movie is so terrible it's actually funny! I was expecting it to be a real pain to watch, and it was, but it didn't take long to get to that point.  I would have rated this a 1 if it were a comedy and had some plot to work with, but this was just a straight up, horrible horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a bit too long, and the acting is pretty much non existent. The only thing that makes it worth seeing is the soundtrack, and that's a total cop out. I have seen the original version of "The Adventures of Pete and Pete", which is much better than this. The original is just as good, but this one is awful. I will never get to see the sequel, "The Return of Pete" which is probably the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this on a video, and it seemed very odd and out of place. I had never seen the movie before and was very surprised to find it in the video store. I remember the DVD was released in 1998 and I didn't think it would still be out. However, I was extremely disappointed to see the movie on DVD. The acting was very poor, and the movie was just plain awful. The story itself wasn't that bad, but I don't know what the point of it was. The premise was absolutely ridiculous, and didn't really make sense.  The story was very slow and didn' t seem like a movie at all. The plot was so confusing, it made me want to give up on the whole thing and go back to my own TV channel, "The Movie Channel". The plot of the movie wasn't even really in the movie.  Some of the actors were okay, but the rest of the cast was so awful that it made it impossible to watch the movie, especially because the DVD had such a low video quality. There was also a very strange, and possibly illegal, scene where the main character's father was seen in the background. The scene was so obviously edited that it's almost like they made it happen without the character's knowledge.  If you want to see a movie where the story is not that great, this movie isn't it. This movie should never have been released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm pretty sure that it is a sequel to the "Shall We Dance?" movie (I saw it twice). But I guess you can't compare them. The movie was bad in all aspects. The acting was terrible, the script was horrible, and it looked like the movie was made by someone who didn't care about any of the parts they were writing.  The music was pretty OK, though. And the movie had a plot that was boring. You could tell they were trying to get the audience to laugh at everything that happened, and if you laughed, they would try to get you to laugh harder.  In the beginning, the movie seemed to be much better than it turned out to be. But by the end, I didn't like it at all. It was so ridiculous and lame that it's hard to even remember anything else.  It made me think of all the other awful movies that have been made in the past. This was worse than "Shanghai Noon".  I can't recommend it at this point because it's so awful that it hurts my feelings. If you want to see a bad, poorly made movie, go to your local video store and rent "The Little Rascals". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a typical "B-Movie", but it really sucked! This is an awful "B Movie", with awful acting, and even the sound was terrible.  The director had a whole movie to make about how the evil forces were keeping him from having the "superior" car he wanted. He even says in the movie that he had an assistant, who was a really annoying character that did not help at all in his job at all, and he thought that she was "special" because she could help him. So, it turns out that he thought he was special, and the movie just goes downhill from there. The plot was terrible and the only redeeming thing about the movie was the car. It's so bad that it actually had to be rated "R" to be able to get a DVD rating. The only thing that kept the movie from being a complete pile of garbage was the fact that the director wanted to put a "Superman" in it! The "Super-car" was a horrible, horrible movie! The only redeemable thing was the director. The movie had absolutely no character or plot to speak of. The director, who actually wrote the movie, was the worst actor in the entire movie. The actor that acted in the film, was an idiot, and was actually a really nasty character. It was a shame to see such a bad piece of "B" movies, and I can only assume that the people who made the movie were just too stupid to realize how bad the movie really was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie in the theater at the Alamo in New York City on Friday night, but the next morning I was awakened to find the movie on the television. I watched it twice, and both times I didn't like it at all. I kept expecting it to be at least watchable. On Saturday morning, I watched the movie again and it was not. The film is so incredibly unfunny, unfunny (though I did enjoy it at least once) and incredibly unfruitful that it's worth mentioning. It's only worth mentioning because the movie's plot is so stupid that I was actually laughing at it at the time, which is a good sign. The movie has the same plot as the original Twilight Zone (that's an insult to the original), except the plot is about a kid with special powers who wants to kill everybody in his life, except the mother and a bunch of people who are not evil, but just stupid.  It's like the original, only worse.  This is the second movie that has ever made me cry (that was The Last Picture Show, the other one was actually a great movie). But it's not that I'm crying over a bad film. I'm just sad because I was hoping that the film was going to be better. It just wasn't.   And if you're wondering why I'm not posting a positive review about this movie: I didn to. I was just looking for an excuse to hate this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Day the Earth Stood Still" is a complete disaster. It's boring, it's predictable, and it's just plain stupid. It makes absolutely no sense.  The acting is OK, but there is no story, no story line, no motivation, no real emotional connection with the characters, and the script is extremely predictable and not in keeping with the story line or the actors. I think this is a movie made to get ratings, not to tell a story.  This movie is a waste of time and money. If you are a fan of sci-fi or science fiction movies, and you see a movie where the actors are good and the plot is not stupid, then I suggest you skip this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst films I've ever seen. I've seen better ones, and I'm sure this is one that I'll be seeing again later. I can't even figure out how they managed to make this one of their worst films. The plot is weak, the actors are overacting, the script is awful, and the entire movie is so full of plot holes that it's ridiculous. The movie was so slow paced that I didn't even know how long it took to get from A to B! And the end is so badly written and poorly directed that it actually made me want to see the film again just so I could see the credits.  I've never seen a movie this awful, that didn't deserve to be called a bad film.  The only redeeming feature of the movie is the beautiful music. That was worth the "pitch" to watch it. But, as a movie, it is absolutely awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The acting is really terrible and there is no logic in it whatsoever. It is not believable that a mother who has just lost her son, who is a police officer in the middle of the woods, can still communicate with her son. I found it interesting to see how she kept being a police mother to her son when she is now a cop herself. It's all about the revenge thing.  The movie has really weird scenes where the actors are supposed to be in their own scenes and it just makes them look silly. And even the opening scene where the mother is trying to get her son back by killing a local cop is stupid because the mother and the kid are so far away. If you want to see a bad film, this is the movie for you. Don't waste your time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wanted to like this movie. I was expecting a good movie. It's so boring, boring, and awful. The whole story line doesn't make sense.  I mean, it's not like the movie is bad, but it's really bad. This movie is a waste of time and money. It doesn't even hold up when you consider the other movies that are on this list. It isn't even funny, it just doesn't have any punch. I give it 1 out of 10, if you want to see a movie that's fun to watch but is boring, watch this one instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off very promising. There are some nice moments, but they quickly disintegrate. The movie never really develops any of the characters, and the story gets bogged down in a lot of needless back and forth. The acting is OK, but nothing that makes the movie worth watching.  The film also contains some really low budget horror, but unfortunately that's not what keeps me from giving it a 3 out of 10.  It's just a bad excuse to waste a couple of hours. If you're a horror fan, you should probably stick to movies that actually make sense. I don't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Day The World Stopped" is just plain awful. The movie looks like it was made in the 70s or 80s, and has almost nothing to do with the original "The World Stops". In fact, the plot seems to be taken straight from "The Road Warrior", which was an adaptation of "Warrior", which in turn was based on the novel "The Last War".  The movie is just a boring attempt to make a film about how an alien spacecraft landed on Earth in the year 1982. The only redeeming element is the fact that the aliens are really cool and that they were supposed to look like their space ships.  The acting is pretty bad, especially the lead actress, who is barely able to get the role, and the guy who plays the lead alien. They should have cast a real alien and used it instead.  Oh, and there are also some scenes that are just too silly to be believable. The "alien" would've been much funnier if the character actually sounded like a real "alien", and not a computer generated one.  I'm sorry, but I can't recommend "The Days The World Stood Still" for a laugh. The story and acting is so bad, and if you're going to make an alien alien film, you might as well just throw in a computer-generated one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got into the film expecting some sort of serious message or some sort. The thing was a complete train wreck, and it really sucked. I can't remember why the film was made, but I'll give the producers the benefit of the doubt and assume they are making a satirical comedy. I'm not one to watch films to see what is actually meant, but this is pretty lame. I just got through watching a movie about the KKK and I didn't even care about what the KKK had to do with this film. I found this film very disappointing and I just want to say that I don't think it deserves the rating it's got. I really wish that they had made the movie the way it was meant to be, and just left it at a PG. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst horror movies ever made. It has one good aspect, which is that the actors look like they're having fun in the scene. That was the case in the beginning when the movie started. But then it became very boring and almost unreadable. It's as if someone tried to fit in a very large puzzle, only to come up with a piece that looks like it was made with half the pieces and half the space.  The only good thing is that it's really funny, but that's the only positive thing about it. The acting is so bad, that it hurts.   There's no plot, and there's only one real twist in the story. It was not predictable at all, and I'm surprised it even got made. The movie just seems like a bad attempt to make a horror movie with a twist. I just hope they can find a good director and writer for the next one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie when it was released in 1991 and it was a very disappointing experience. It is so unappealing that I cannot imagine anyone wanting to see it. I'm guessing that the producers were trying to emulate "The Godfather" by making a film with some of the same stylized elements. However, unlike the "Godfather" the plot is just so bland and devoid of any real character development that you can't care about the characters at all and you have no reason to watch the movie at all.  The actors were basically just walking around trying to make the audience care about them. The cinematography was extremely dull, the acting was very shallow and the whole thing made me sick to my stomach. The story is boring and nothing happens. It's just an awful mess of a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the only thing that made me laugh in the entire viewing. The acting was so bad, it's almost unbelievable. I can't believe that people who saw this film would consider it to be a good film.  And what is this? A woman who tries to kill a woman.  How is this acceptable? Do people who watch this film really think that it's okay to kill people? And do they even think that women should be allowed to kill? It's asinine.  I mean, the only reason I'm giving it 3 out of 10 is because it was funny. But it wasn't funny in the way that I expected. It was just so unbelievable, that it ruined the entire movie for me. And, as a result, it ruined my viewing of this film. And I'm really sorry that I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has nothing going for it except the name of the title. If it wasn't for the name, I might have liked it.  There is no story whatsoever, it is just a bunch of clips from the original, but the only thing that keeps it from being a total pile of garbage is the actors. I don't mean to pick on the actors, but it's just hard to look at them and think that they're all playing their parts. Some of them are just awful. Some are so bad that you almost wish you could turn them off.  I think that the producers of this film should give the director of "The Adventures of Rocky & Bullwinkle" his due for his original film. This film was just an attempt to cash in on the original and I think it's a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a few things that bothered me. One was the use of a girl who was the same age as the main character. This isn't a huge deal but I just couldn't get into it. She looked too young for the role and she didn't look like she was in her early 20's. Another thing that bothered the heck out of me was that they didn't show the rest of the cast. This could have been avoided by showing some of the supporting cast in the movie. The only thing I can think of is that the director wanted to try something new. I wouldn't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of a small group of young men with no money to support themselves is just awful. The characters are bland, the dialog is uninteresting, and the plot is nothing more than a glorified excuse to do something ridiculous like "talk to your father". The plot, however, is hardly a problem. What's wrong with it is the lack of acting. I've seen better acting in a bad film than I've ever seen in an OK movie. And I'm talking about the worst-looking film I've EVER seen. And the worst part is, that this was supposed to be a comedy.  I wish the director and actors had spent a few hours getting a real laugh out of the cast. It would have been fun. Instead, they spent their precious time in the film going through the motions of having fun with each other.  The only saving grace is the title, "I Am A Man". But if they wanted to stick with the name, they could have used it for any other film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of thing you see on TV that makes people go "huh?!?" and then proceed to click on the link and see the movie on video. But that's exactly what I had to do here, and what I found. So I went through it all again. Now, I know that this movie isn't a bad film. It's a pretty average movie with no real direction or direction. But it is bad and the only thing I can say for it is that it is the worst movie I have ever seen.  I give this movie 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A typical American film with a weak plot, a weak script and an annoying American accent. All these are a poor reflection of this film's true artistic merit. The characters are shallow and the story, which is supposed to be a psychological thriller, is really just a bunch of excuses for the actors to act.   What makes the film interesting is its failure to get out of the boring middle ground between realism and cheap horror. Its characters are a bunch who act for money, and the film seems to treat its actors as if they are too stupid to realize how much of a waste of time it is to have to act this way.  In fact, the film has little to do with any sort of story at all, and seems to take itself far too seriously.  The film seems, to me, like a kind of film-of-the-day sort of thing, and nothing more. There are no twists, no dramatic resolutions, and no sense of tension.  I guess it's a bit like the sort of film that someone made and then never thought through the consequences. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a waste of time and money. It was so poorly acted that it made it difficult to even enjoy the rest of the film. I mean, who was going to buy a DVD of this? I'm no stranger to bad acting, but it's not even a 2 out of 10 on the scale I use to rate movies. It is, however, an example of how bad the special effects are on this movie. Some of the best CGI effects in the movie are from the helicopter shots.  A bad movie in every way. The story was weak, the actors were uninspired and the special-effects were so low budget they looked like the work of a bunch of fifth graders. The only redeeming quality was the music. But if you are going to spend your money on this, at least look for a DVD with a sound track. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of the movie was boring, the second half was extremely repetitive and the ending was predictable and disappointing. This movie is not the worst I've ever seen. It is, however, the worst that I have ever seen in my life. The acting was horrible, the story was completely unbelievable and the plot was completely predictable. This is an insult to horror.  A movie like this should never have been made. The fact that they made this movie shows how low Hollywood has fallen. This should be a lesson to those who would like to become a movie director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The House of Lies" is a poorly made film that, even at it's low budget, could not possibly have been what it was attempting to be. The premise is a typical Disney/Pixar script, and has been used quite successfully for a variety of movies, but here it's just flat out bad. The plot seems like a lot of work was wasted in the script, or it was a bit too much of a mess to be worth watching for the story. I am also a fan of the original "The Dark Knight", but "The Mask" is just as boring, so much so that it's a wonder why the filmmakers would consider this to be a sequel. The story is a complete waste of time, and it's so predictable, it's hard to even be fooled. The acting was OK, but there is no way the actors were in their right mind. They should have stayed away from this.  There is no hope in the world that the director of this film will ever make a good movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst film ever made in my opinion.  This movie has no story line, no plot, no characters, and is just about one-sided. I know the director was trying to make a horror film, but I'm pretty sure it wasn't. I can't imagine why they didn't hire a professional horror director. This is so bad it's scary. The special effects are so crude and horrible that I laughed at the movie.  I wish I could give this a zero rating, because I'm afraid to see what I'd missed in the script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not the first or the second worst movie I have ever seen. In fact, it was the first and the second. It was the second to the first because it was made in the 70s. I'm not sure why this movie was made at all. I think it was a desperate attempt to sell a few movies to the American public.  It was bad because the actors did not have any idea what they were doing and there was no script, no direction, and no story line.  I don't think there is any reason to watch this movie, unless you want to see the actors doing a bad job. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie when it first came out, but I was shocked at the sheer lack of talent and direction on the movie. There was a few things I found interesting, but nothing that really struck a chord with me. It was like watching a low budget, low budget version of the infamous "Killer Bees" movie. The only thing that was missing was a great soundtrack. The movie never got a second movie after its initial release. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an embarrassment of riches, or a collection of half-baked ideas that don't even warrant being given the thumbs up. It's so shallow and so devoid of plot, that even after all these movies it never manages to develop an intriguing story. It just tries to do everything in its own way, and fails at it. The most disappointing part is that they didn't seem to realize that they were just taking all their money, and not using any of it to make something worthwhile.  I can't recommend this movie because it is such a waste of time and money, but I do recommend it to anyone who hates the movies that are based on his favorite characters, because it does give them something to complain about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had been waiting for a movie for the longest time and when it finally came, I was so frustrated and upset that I watched it on the DVD and it didn't hold up to my expectations. I felt as though it was a waste of my time. The movie was very short, it only lasted about an hour and 15 minutes, and there was no story line or direction that made the movie worth watching. I don't recommend the movie for anyone who is under 18 or over 10 years old because it will be a waste to you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was not much point to this film and it was not even worth mentioning in the original review, because the film was so obviously terrible that even the people who made it were laughing at it.  This film, though, is worth mentioning because the cast was a complete waste of money. I mean, I've seen a lot worse than this and I can honestly say that it was the worst film I have ever seen, let alone heard about. It is so utterly horrible that I cannot even fathom how they made it. A cast is made out of nothing but the actors who are given a role. The characters in this film were so lifeless, so stupid and so shallow that I could not even finish the movie. The only reason I kept watching the film is because I wanted to see how the actors would react to it, but they did nothing but laugh, make eye contact with each other and shake their heads.  The only thing I liked was that the director tried to make the movie into something special, but it wasn't. In fact, the whole film is so devoid of creativity that it made me doubt whether he actually has any intention of making another movie.  I think that he made the movie to try and make the cast seem special, and to make them feel special, because he knew that most of the audience would think that they are special for being cast in this movie. If this film was made to make people think that there are certain actors in the world that deserve a special place, then I think the movie would have been even worse.  All in all, the film failed to impress me. If you want a boring piece of trash, watch this movie and laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not worth the effort of watching or rating. It's not funny, not original, not even very well directed. The cast is really quite bland, and the writing is very poor. The acting is terrible, but that's a whole other issue. The special effects are pretty much non existent. I really dislike the fact that there was no mention of the real-life situation in this film. It seems that this movie was made so that the people who made it would make a profit of it. This isn't a movie. It isn't even a bad film. I gave it a 2/10, but it's a really, really bad movie. I would avoid watching it unless you want to see an overrated film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It looks like a really poor, low budget, non-sequel to the movie.  The plot, for example, is a bit convoluted. Why did a man in a suit fly around and shoot people, when he had already killed a guy earlier? It makes no sense to me.  All of the actors are terrible, except for the lady who plays the boss. This woman has some talent but that talent does not extend to directing and she's no better than an actress playing a supporting role.   The rest of the cast is so bad, it makes me think that they did the movie for a bunch of rich guys.  This movie has nothing to do with any real world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a great idea, but it's not. A great idea is great because it is original and original ideas are hard to come by, especially when you are dealing with so much crap. If the concept is that you are going to show the entire world through the eyes of a man, and a man with an extremely limited sense of humor, then great. But, if you are not going to do that, then just don't do it. The movie has absolutely no redeeming value. There's nothing else worth watching other than the awful script, and the horrible directing. I give it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really awful film, where the only thing that kept it from being the complete waste of time was the fact that the director and the actors (a couple of who were really good) were actually doing a bit of acting. It's hard to know what was going on in the minds of these guys when they made this movie. It doesn't even feel like they wanted to. This is just one giant mess, that can't even be considered a work of art. And that's saying something. If you really want to get a good laugh, go see a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is the usual, but the story is predictable. This movie is like a horror movie that gets you through a half-hour. The characters are bland, the story line doesn't make sense and the ending is completely unsatisfying.  There is a bit of humor, but that's it. The actors don't seem to know how to make themselves laugh, which is why the movie is so awful. The director could've made a better movie, but he's probably a complete beginner and can't get past the first cut.  In short, this is a waste of time. Don't waste your time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the review of this movie and was really disappointed. First of all it seems to be made out of all the same recycled jokes and scenes from the previous movies. The whole thing was really predictable and not that original. The action scenes were a bit of a letdown and the story wasn't that good either.  I also think the idea of a woman being so hot that she kills her lover is a bit weird and just too weird. I can't understand why it was made. The acting was really bad and the cinematography wasn't very good. It seemed to have a lot of special effects and I'm not sure if they actually looked real or not. I just didn't like it at all. I found it to be an utter failure of a film and I am not surprised that it failed. I think that you need to go to the original movies and enjoy them there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very odd movie that seems to have been made to entertain the director (who is an artist, not a writer) and perhaps some of his friends. The story is predictable and the characters are stereotypical, to say the least. The movie is so boring that I did not care to watch it at all. In the beginning the story was interesting but after about 30 minutes or so it was so dull that I thought I was watching the first half of an episode of "The Simpsons".  My advice would be to avoid this movie. It is like the director saw a movie where a man (Theodore Roosevelt) is so stupid that he becomes a drunk and a thief. He steals the money from a bank vault, but is stopped by the local police (Mr. Simpson, played by Don Knotts). They ask Mr. Roosevelt if he has done anything illegal in his life. He replies that he was a schoolteacher and that is what he does. The police then arrest him. In his police car he meets Mr. Simpson who is played by Paul Giamatti, who is not in this movie either. The only way the movie could have been better would have been if the story had been about a woman who was a police officer (Mrs. Simpson) and Mr. Giamatt was playing a thief named Richard.  The movie's ending, where a police car is seen driving away with Mr. Nixon's money, is a real bummer. I don't understand why they made the movie so short and the ending so anticlimactic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bad idea.  The only good thing is the opening scene of "Kiss and Cry". The rest of the movie is just a bunch of stupid and clichd scenes. There are too many bad jokes to count and the acting is not particularly good either. There is a good one in the movie when the evil mastermind has his henchman steal the key to the city. The henchmen are trying to get their hands on it so they can release a deadly poison gas in the city but the villain keeps trying to escape. It just isn't worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was in the second grade when this movie was released and I don't know why I'm wasting time watching this. It's boring, there's no story line and the acting is horrible. It was so bad that I could barely sit through it without having to take breaks and I didn't even realize what I was watching. It would have been better if they had just made a straight, novel type of movie that could have been more interesting. It made the characters sound so flat and ridiculous that it was hard to take in. I just don't understand why they would waste their time on this when they could have made a better movie. It should have been a joke and a joke is what this movie is. It doesn't even try to be a comedy at all, it's just a bunch of people talking and doing the same stupid things they do in the movies they make. It isn't even funny if you're into that sort of thing.  And then there's the story. The plot has nothing to do with the characters and nothing to develop or develop with. I really didn't understand what they were trying to do in this movie, if they were even trying to make a movie. I'm not sure if they even knew what they wanted to do, or if they made it all up on the spot.  In the end, it was just a waste of time. If you're looking for something that is going to make you laugh, I wouldn't waste your time on watching this movie. If I was looking for a movie to watch with my sister or even with my friends, I would have spent money and time on something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just as bad as the previous one. It has no point. It just goes on forever. The only thing that I liked was the "Trouble With The Tapes" song in the beginning. It was a nice song to listen to. But after that song there was no song for the rest of the movie. I think that it is the same thing with the "A Good Time" video. The song "A Long Way" was good, but the video was terrible. This movie should have just ended and I would have been able to enjoy it. But that is not the way it was done. I don't think the director was a good director.  It was just not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so slow, and I was watching it with my wife. It felt like we were watching a movie that was done for a very short time period and was trying to fill up the time. I mean, how was it that the movie could only get through 15 minutes? Even when they do cut a little of the movie, it still felt rushed and slow. The plot was slow and the acting was not very good. The story is a very lame, almost like the writer was bored. The only good parts were the characters and the music. The movie seemed to be made to be more of a promotional thing, but they made it seem like the movie was being done in conjunction with a television show, and it didn't really make sense at all. If you don't mind watching movies that are done in a short period of time, this might be your movie. But if you're going to watch something that's supposed to be done with a short amount of time (like 10 minutes) and you get bored, just move on to something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating for this movie is 1/10, not worth watching. The only reason why I gave it a 1 is because it's a short film, which is the only way I can watch this film. I can't think of anything to say other than that it's terrible, and it's awful to see so much effort spent trying to make this film into something it isn't. The acting is terrible. It's hard to say anything negative about the directing, but it's not worth the time or effort to watch it.  If you want to see something that looks like it's worth watching, check out "Bastards of Bastards" by Tom Wolfe, it's probably better than this film and is a better way to see this movie, but the best way to watch this movie would be to wait for it to end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think I'm alone in being disappointed in this film. I have seen the same movie for ten times in my life, and it just never gets better. It is just awful. You have no idea how boring it is, what the story is about, or what happened to the main character. I think it was probably the only reason the movie made an impression on me, that I saw it.  I'm sorry if this review makes you feel depressed. Please don't watch it if you have low self esteem or you think you're too good for the movie.  It's not really worth seeing it. It's just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have not seen this film in a long time but I remember it from my childhood. This film was so bad, so boring, so uninspired, that it is almost laughable that anyone cared to see it at all.  I can only conclude that this film was the product of a director who had no idea how to make a film work.  What is there to be said about this film? It is nothing but a sad, boring, uninspiring piece of work. If I had not watched it, I would never have been able to come up with an opinion on this movie. There is nothing about this that is remotely interesting or even entertaining.  And finally, what was this film about? I can't say. I think that this movie was supposed to be about the "dark side" of the occult, but it seemed to be a waste of time. I found this film so boring and so shallow, that I would have been better off with just watching my favourite show and reading some Dark Shadows instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an awful mess.  This was the worst film I have ever seen. I have watched many movies over the years and some of them were pretty good. This is the worst one I have seen. The plot was so stupid that it was hard to believe that people had made it. I was laughing throughout the entire film. I think that there was one scene that actually moved the plot forward, but it was just so predictable that I was completely bored by it. This movie has so much plot and it just falls apart in the middle of the action. I don't understand how they made it this way. There is no chemistry between the actors, there is no believable drama. This was just a really bad movie. It was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes and I was so disgusted with the fact that it was just an ordinary "drama", that I actually laughed and then cried for a bit.  This is what you get when you take a mediocre story, and you throw in a mediocre script, and then put the whole thing on top of a mediocre cast and a mediocre acting. You get an average movie, not a good movie. And that's just the way it is.  It was just so utterly, unbelievably awful. The plot was completely pointless, and the acting was so bad, that I just laughed it off. The script was so devoid of any real interest, that it made me want to throw up. The acting was just horrendous. And to top it all off, the "actors" in this film are absolutely no match for the characters they're playing.  So what the hell is going on here? I think it is probably a low budget film-making company, who is trying to capitalize on a bad film, and making no money at it.  But to me, it just seemed like it was really, really, REALLY, really awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is just so boring that I can't understand how it got made. There are so many problems with it. It's so slow and boring and the script seems to be completely unreadable. I don't even care if the script is too hard to understand. I just want to see the characters do something. But the actors in this movie are just so stupid that it makes me wonder if the actors were even actors.  It's a total waste of time. I would like to see more good action movies, not this pile of crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has very little in common with other movies about teenagers. It's really just a bunch of teenagers playing a video game and acting really, really dumb. The story is about a guy who is addicted to video games and who thinks that he has found love. There's a lot of character development for the main character (which is a negative), but not much for the rest of the cast members. And there's really only one redeeming quality that was worth mentioning. A good, believable villain. I mean, if you want to see a good villain, you might want to watch the original Evil Dead. If you want something else, I guess it would be more interesting to watch The Evil Dead remake instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie from start to finish without even stopping to think what was going on. I have never seen a movie that was so devoid of story, action, or even humor. In fact, it felt as if the whole movie was a script that had been written without ever having the courage to write a real story. There were so many plot holes and character holes, you could make up your own character. It seemed to me that the writer simply had no clue as to what a story should be and the script had been rewritten so many times that it was just as meaningless to him as the movie itself. It was as if he was writing a book with a blank slate and simply decided to rewrite the whole thing. I felt as though I was watching an old television show. I had no interest in the characters or the story line. I just wanted to see what kind of trash it would become. I mean, you're supposed to make a movie out of this sort of crap, right? So, I guess I just had to put it out of my mind and enjoy the stupid sequel to that other movie I watched in school. This movie was worse than that one. The only saving grace was the special effects. The CGI was way too realistic to be believable.  I gave it a 4 out of 10, but even then I thought that it sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating is 3/10. The plot is an insult to every one who has ever watched a movie with the word "Star" in the title. The acting is wooden, the story is predictable, the dialog is so bad, that it would have been amusing if it weren't so utterly predictable.  I was not the only one who thought the film was awful. I was very, very embarrassed for my mother who had the temerity to watch this film with me when she thought it was a positive review. I can't believe anyone who gave this film a positive rating had actually seen it. The entire cast was so inept that I couldn't tell if they had ever seen any of the other films in their lives. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I am a huge fan of the original Ghostbusters. I love the cast, love the script, and love the humor. This film isn't even close to that, it's not even funny. I thought it would be funny if it were.  But it isn't. It's just annoying and irritating. The cast is annoying and the jokes aren't funny. The director has some good ideas, but they're all taken to extremes.  So yeah, this is an okay film, just not very funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so excited to see the trailer for this, but after seeing the first 15 minutes, I just didn't care. The only redeeming factor was the fact that the director was supposed to be an award winning filmmaker. This movie is so dull, I wouldn't even know if it was supposed of a director with a bit more flair. The acting was weak and the story seemed to be completely out of place. The ending is so incredibly lame and stupid, it doesn't even deserve to be called a comedy. It should be called the worst film of all time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an attempt to be humorous, they added a bit of violence, but what's more disturbing is the fact that the director actually made the film with a 3D camera, and in order to make the film look "real", the film had to be edited so that everything was filmed with 3D equipment.  It was a big mistake, and the whole thing makes me want to go back to my youth and watch something more like a 3-D cartoon. It's a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little too much. The plot, characters, and even the plot are awful. It has nothing to do with the story. The only thing that was entertaining was when the evil alien queen and her minions are being chased by a group of humans, and the human queen is acting the hero.  Don't expect a decent movie out of a movie: a really boring "movie for the kids".  If you are a kid and want to see an action flick with the title "Bend Over Beezer" and you're a female, then you might be in luck.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm very shocked by how this movie is a comedy. This is the first time I ever felt disappointed with a movie I watched. I mean, who would ever expect such a thing? This movie has a lot of the typical comedy elements of a comedy, but it is so badly made and not funny at all. The movie is actually worse than the first three films of this series. This movie should not have been made, and I wish that the director was fired and the script was rewritten. I have no idea why they made this movie, or why they decided to keep the plot so simple and boring. If they had made a good movie, they would have made it about something like this:  A married couple (who don't know each other) are driving to the airport to meet a new lover, when suddenly the husband gets a headache and starts vomiting. The wife goes to the doctor who sees the husband's condition. The doctor decides that the husband will need to have a catheter placed in his colon in order to have the catheter removed in the next couple of hours. The husband goes back to the wife's house to take the catplug out, and while he is at it, he finds out that his wife is cheating on him. The next morning, the husband meets the wife at the airport and the two of them go out to eat, only to be confronted by an ugly old woman who tells them that her husband's catheter was removed.  The husband and the old woman get into a car, and the husband drives away, leaving the old lady and the other passenger in the car. The old woman gets out of the car, grabs the husband, and drives away. The two of the old women then proceed to walk back to their house, where the husband leaves the old fashioned house keys in the driveway and walks back into the house, leaving them there. After they get out of their car, they leave the house and head for the airport. On the way, they get to the runway, where they are confronted by the old guy who leaves his keys in their driveway. The guy then grabs the old ladies and starts walking them away from the airport so that they don't get out and go to the terminal. The woman then gets back in her car and drives off the runway. The man then jumps in his car and starts driving away from his own house.  I don't understand how anyone could have made this stupid movie. There was no logic
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film had to have been made before it's release because of all the positive reviews of it. However, it's only a few minutes long, which means it could have been even worse. It's as if the director has forgotten his own rules of horror and has completely lost his control.  The story itself is not interesting, but the actors are not good either. All the performances are so flat that they are practically indistinguishable from each other. They seem to be talking about some sort of event in their lives and in every case, it turns out to be completely pointless. If they did make a horror film, they would have to focus more on the actual horror scenes and less on the people acting in them.  It's so bad that I had to wait for the DVD of it to come out to see if it was as bad as everyone thinks. It wasn't, but still not a good movie. I wish I hadn't watched it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to say that I have been seeing this movie from the beginning, but the first time I saw it was when it was on HBO, when it aired. However, this movie is worse than what I saw when it appeared on Showtime. This movie is not even a "real movie" in any sense of the word. It is a waste of your time. It has no redeeming qualities, and the director (Roland Emmerich) is not really capable of creating an entertaining movie. It was just a waste.  I really wish that the original Star Trek movies were released on DVD. If you can't understand why this movie was made and why it has been such a disappointment, don't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Shoot the moon: The Last Shot" is a mediocre, incoherent piece of trash. I thought the ending was very predictable and was the last line of dialog I ever heard. The acting was laughable. If you see this movie, you may not like it because it's so badly made, but it is entertaining for the most part, so if you do like this movie then ignore the fact that it's terrible.  The only thing I can recommend is to watch it in a theater because the sound quality was so bad that it was almost impossible to hear what the other actors were saying. Also, it was in the same town as the original "Moonbeam" but was filmed in Canada. This was the only movie I saw with a large cast in Canada, which is why I doubt that they will be able to film the original in Canada anytime soon.  If you're a fan of the original, watch it instead of watching "Shoots the Moon: The First Shot." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has the worst ending of any film I've seen. I think the only reason this movie was released in theaters was because it was a big hit on the horror/comedy genre. But it was such a waste of time and money to me, I could have done without it. I'm not sure how they made it so boring. I can only assume that they filmed the film with a camcorder and used it as a way to hide the lack of direction. Maybe they used the camera for the effects because they had a poor budget for the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, it's a movie called 'A Tale of Two Sisters' that's really only about a couple of sisters who don't know what's going on. So why does it take three movies for us to learn the whole story?  The story line isn't even interesting, the acting is bad and the only good part of the movie is the first 30 seconds. The film ends in a typical Hollywood ending with the sister getting killed and the brothers get married.  This is the same movie the movie critics were raving about when they praised 'The Phantom' and 'Lone Survivor' and I really think it would have been better if it were just 'A Daughter Gives Her Father A Son'. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie's premise is interesting, but the story is so predictable and it's all so boring and predictable that I could see the movie's concept as a clever way to tell an intriguing story about an extremely stupid person and not have to have all the facts and details be explained to us.  It's like an adult version of "Halloween 2." Except that there's only one corpse, which was shot and killed in the first movie, and the "hero" is a guy who's been playing video games and has been smoking and drinking and having sex and sleeping and playing video game and reading books and drinking. And you never get to know why this guy is so stupid and has gone so completely insane that he is trying to kill his wife and girlfriend and his daughter, who is the only person he cares about in the world. It's just like a kid's "Batman Returns" except that Batman is dead and the story centers on his family. But there are no clues, no clues. Just a bunch of people acting stupid, and not in a good way.  The first movie's plot was so much better than this one, because the premise was so farfetched and so unbelievable that the movie could have been a really funny movie. And then it was just so boring.  I'm sorry, but I just couldn't find the humor in this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the reviews and watched the trailer and thought I was going to enjoy this, but I was disappointed. The movie has a lot of plot holes and too many characters. The director tries to do a bit of everything but doesn't do enough. There are too many of them and it becomes a bit too long. I can't even tell you why I didn't like it. It was just too boring. I saw some people saying that the movie was really well done and that it was a good movie for people who liked this sort of thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was so slow paced and so boring. It really showed how not a lot of effort went into making it. It was all very rushed and it was just a mess. The acting was so horrible, and the dialog was so awful. The ending was so unbelievable.  This is the reason I gave it a 1/10, but I think that 1 out of 10 is still too high. The director should have known better. The movie had no story, and only a small amount of dialog. I really wish this movie was made with the same effort, as it was made to be a "fun movie". The story would have made it look much better, and would have shown how much effort the writer put into making the movie.  The ending is not believable at all. It just left me wondering if the movie was meant to be an homage to "I Shot Andy Warhol". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had no idea what was going on in this movie. I found the title and the name of the movie very confusing and the script very vague. I could not find the DVD's on the internet. I had to look it up on line and find out the exact titles. I got the DVD of the film and was disappointed. The acting was so bad and the movie did not make sense at all. The cinematography was extremely poor. The story was completely unbelievable. I think that they should have been allowed to do what they wanted with this movie and just make a video version of it. There was no story, no story at all and the actors did not even look at the camera.  It was so boring. The ending was the worst. I really wanted to know what was happening, but the ending was not even a cliffhanger. It was just a cliff and then it went back to the beginning of the same story. If the ending were anything at all interesting or funny, I would have laughed my ass off. I gave it 2 stars. The movie was so horrible I almost threw it away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The characters are completely ridiculous and the movie is a waste of time.  The director had made another film which was better. This film is nothing more than a copy-cat of another bad movie which is titled "The Killing of Jesus". It is a sad day for all movie fans.  If you like to laugh, go to another movie. If you want to know the real meaning of life, go and watch the Bible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty bad movie. The script was so bad that it didn't even make sense. It's just the same old stuff. You know, from the old Disney movies. The whole thing is so unbelievable that I thought I was seeing things. There was no humor in the movie. It was just a bunch of people sitting in a theater talking and acting. You can't make up this stuff.  The only positive thing I can say about this movie is that it did have some funny moments. It did have a few good moments though. I didn't like it at all. I thought it was just another Disney movie. I don't know if it was ever meant to be an original film or if it's just an attempt to capitalize on the Disney name. It does have a great cast though.   The best thing I could say about the movie is how pretty much everyone involved died in the accident. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I've heard this film mentioned more than any other, but I've only seen it once. I didn't understand the plot at all. I'm a realist, and it seemed like the director and his team were out to ruin the movie for no reason. This isn't a movie I would recommend to anyone.  The acting was terrible. The director was the only one who knew the script, and he seemed so desperate to create the best looking movie he could. The only reason the movie is rated as a 2 is because it was the best attempt at a horror movie I've ever seen. I just think that's the only reason they didn't get a 1.  There are better movies out there. This is one of the worst horror flicks I've seen in a long time. I wish I could give it a 1 or 2 instead of a 1/10. I don't understand how someone can make a movie like this without it being so awful. The movie is over an hour long and I can only guess the average viewing time was maybe 3 hours. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very poorly done and has no redeeming value. I have seen other people say that this movie is not like the "Indiana Jones" movies but I think that it's much worse. The movie is boring, there are too many plot holes, there is not enough action, the movie is too long, there isn't much humor or any other positive message. The "Indiana" movies are a great source of inspiration for the movie "A Scanner Darkly", the movies are so good because they show the characters' reactions to certain situations, they show them behaving as adults and have a few great moments.  The movie was so bad I would be surprised if it was even worth watching, the dialog was horrible, the story was not very interesting, the special effects were bad and the ending was a big disappointment. This movie just made me angry at how much money was wasted on it and it should have been a 10 out of 10.  If you want to see a bad "IndianaJones" movie then go to "Indy 4", it's a better movie, but if you want a movie to make you laugh, then don't waste your time. This is not even a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is a complete waste of time. The script and the acting are pretty good, but the acting is very poor. I've seen worse movies than this one, but I've never seen a film this bad. There is a scene where the main character's father kills himself with an axe, then cuts his son's body into pieces and then puts the pieces into the fireplace - that's all there. The movie is just too slow to take in all of the ridiculous details and not all of them are true. It is also quite funny that the main characters are portrayed as a bunch of buffoons. It would have been a better idea to make them all look like a bunch out of the 70s.  If you like cheesy 70s flicks, you can find them online - but this movie is too stupid to be worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line about the murder of the American ambassador is really annoying and pointless, there is no logic to it, no real resolution.  The only redeeming factor was the actress and her acting in the movie. The rest of the acting was awful.  I think the director was on drugs and probably didn't even have the balls to cut a good movie, if you have to cut to death then don't go overboard.  If you are interested in a movie to watch then don your best to avoid this movie, it is a disgrace to the genre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, the movie was a joke that I laughed to death, but I guess that's OK. I was expecting the best. I don't know what was so funny about it. There was nothing interesting to say about it, so I just watched the trailers and laughed. It's just a joke to me. And I would have laughed to hell if I were a person who was supposed to be in the movie.  The movie is about a guy who is in love with a girl, but he doesn't want to get married. So he sleeps with his girlfriend, and then they get married, and he keeps sleeping with her. It turns out that he slept with his wife before he slept around his girlfriend.  There are no other plot twists. It just seems like it's the plot for an average film.  But this is not an average movie. It has some serious flaws. It is about an average actor playing an average character. It seems to have no redeeming qualities other than the fact that it was made to look so bad. It doesn't make me want to vomit, it just makes me want vomit.  And, as I said before, I would like to see the movie more, but the fact remains that I can't see the other reviews saying that the movie is "good". If anyone has the film, please let me know. I'd love to see what kind of film it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pity, I was expecting the best. I was excited by the fact that a director was back with a remake of a well-known sci-fi movie. What could have been the best ever! But then I found out that the film was made on the old Paramount Video, and that it wasn't made in the United States at all, but in Canada.  This is a waste of money for anyone who would like to see it.  It looks like it was made in Canada, and it sounds like it's from the 1980s. This movie is about the same as the previous remake, but it's way more boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie follows a girl and her friend on a train ride to see the new movie. The movie has very little story, and I'm not sure what they were doing with it. I think they were trying to show a little girl and a little boy (both of which are only about 5) dancing to the same song and doing similar things. It is really strange that a girl who has a boyfriend and a guy who wants to marry her is dancing to some old song on a rail line in the middle of the night. The boy is supposed to be having a really big party, and the girl is supposed be in the car with him.  It is just a waste of time, and it's not even worth a 10 out of 10, but there are at least 10 people who think it was pretty good. I gave it a 1/10 because I really liked the idea of the girl being in the movie. But the movie was pretty bad, and for an animated movie it is pretty bad. I give the movie a 1 out of ten because the story could have been done better. I just hope that this is not a thing to do if you are an animator. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a complete disaster. It was horrible, and nothing I would ever recommend to anyone. I was a bit shocked that the movie was only 2 hours long, but to be honest, I couldn't care less for this movie.  The acting was awful, the plot was so bad, and I felt that they could have done better. It really made me want to turn off the TV, because I felt like I was watching the movie with my eyes. The movie should have been 1 hour and 20 minutes long. That is how long it took to make this movie! This is the worst film I have ever seen. I am shocked that this movie made it past the "screening" stage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the review by Michael Caine on his blog, and it sounded like the movie was a total flop.  But I was wrong. In reality it was not. It was a complete disaster. It has the worst acting I have ever seen in my life. The plot is a complete joke. The movie could have been made into a horror flick if the director was a little more clever. But he was so stupid he couldn't have made the movie into a comedy. He should have left his mark on the screen as he was such a bad director. I could have watched the movie without the sound. The soundtrack was awful. The acting was bad. The direction was awful, and the acting was terrible in general. This movie should not be released. There is no way to make a bad film better than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been meaning to review this movie for a while.  This movie is so awful that it hurts. The acting is awful, the story line is really bad. I had a hard time with the "what is the purpose of this movie?" thing. The story line isn't a plot. The movie has no logic to it. It is a story line that could have been put together in any number of ways, and this movie is a disgrace to that. This movie should be a lesson to anyone who tries to do a movie like this. This is the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a guy named George who has a bad relationship with his stepmother and has the idea to sell the house he lives in and take it off the market. However, things get a bit out of control and the whole movie takes itself too seriously. The movie begins to go downhill from there and it's actually rather hard to follow. The story is not really original and there are several occasions where it seemed like the movie was about something else. I really did not enjoy this movie and I gave it a 2/10.  I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to watch a movie about a man who is in a bad way of his relationship with the stepmother, but don't expect anything to be very interesting. This movie isn't worth your time at all. It's basically just a bunch of guys having a lot of fun. If you want something better, check out the excellent film "The Room" (which, like this movie, was released in 2008 and is now being re-released by Fox Home Entertainment). The Room is much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what happens when a filmmaker's ego gets the better of him.  I don't know if anyone else saw this film before it came out or not, but it was posted on IMDb and made it into the "worse" category for some reason.  The problem is that it was a "comedy" film. That means that you know it's supposed to be a comedy but you just don't want to see it. The problem with comedies is that they are supposed to make you laugh and that usually isn't the case in "comics".  In this case, the director tries to tell a funny story and the audience can't find any humor.  That's why I gave it a 1/10, because the script was so badly written and the actors so uninteresting that it just made me want to rip the DVD and throw it in the trash can. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie a dozen times and it's all the same movie over and over again.  This is not an original horror film. There are similar films like "Nightmare" by William Castle and "The Dead Girl" by Kevin Costner. This movie isn't even scary. It's just an excuse to show off Kevin Costners muscles and to show a good-looking girl playing a girl with the name of "Ella".  I saw this movie in a theater. The seats were so far apart I could see the seats next to each other. I was sitting on the left side and my boyfriend was sitting in the center.  The movie doesn't work. The camera is way too slow and it is impossible to find the camera in the dark. The movie was filmed on a video camera. That's all you need to know about this movie.   The only reason to see this movie was to see a great movie with Kevin Costnery. This is the same as every other movie with a bad girl. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a horror fan, this movie is not for you.  If, on the other hand, you are into "slasher" movies, then by all means, you will love this movie.  In the first half of the movie, the story revolves around an amorphous entity that appears and disappears. After a certain point, the entity enters a dark room and begins to kill people. The rest of the plot is a bit much. In the end, you can tell that this movie was made by someone who doesn't really care for horror. The characters are shallow and uninteresting. The director was clearly a student of the original "slashers" of the 80's. If you want to see a real slasher film, look somewhere else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the release of the "real" "Wonka" (aka "The Life of Pi") I was curious to see what the "Wino" film would be like. I was surprised to find out that it wasn't even remotely similar. The movie looks like it could have been made for a low budget production. It's as if the "original" was made to make the money back.  The story is predictable, there are too many continuity errors and the characters are too one-dimensional. The acting is wooden and there are no characters worth caring about.  I can only assume that it would have been more interesting to make a film that looked more like a science fiction adventure rather than a wacky, one-off comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the hype and all that hype, the first trailer for "The Killing Season" was released. This is one of the worst movies ever made. If the trailer wasn't so bad it could have been good, but it's just not that entertaining. The acting was bad, the plot is stupid, and the movie never ends.  The trailer is very short and does not show much of the movie, it only covers about half of the film, and that is all you need to know about the movie.   The only good thing about this movie is that it looks great on DVD, so people who want to watch the film on DVD can do so. But to see this movie in a theater is so bad you'll wish that you were dead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never watched any of the movies shown on this site before, so I was surprised to see how badly this one turned out. The acting was pretty bad, but the acting was the only thing that kept me from giving the movie a 1. It's pretty bad. The story was so dull that I just didn't care to see the rest of the film. The only thing I really liked about the film was the cheesy "Terrifyingly Evil" ending. The film made me want to go and read some of the other films shown on here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so far from what it's supposed to be. The movie has no story whatsoever, and it's a blatant rip off of one of the worst horror movies ever made, "Beneath the Darkness". This movie could have been a great comedy if they had a good script. This movie lacks the humor, direction, and even the acting talent that this movie was supposed to have. The film is full of holes. The first act of the movie is a horrible comedy of the stupid. It's supposed get a laugh, but it really didn't. I think they made it too much to be believable. If they had to make a comedy they would have just made a comedy. The rest of the acting is a joke, and I really hate comedy. I'm sorry but there was nothing funny about this movie. If you want to see a comedy, you'll have to look elsewhere. This is a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was awful. I can't believe the cast was involved in this mess. The cast were supposed to be stars but they could have just made a joke out of it. There are too many mistakes to be just a joke.  It's just plain awful. It's not even funny, it's not scary, it just made me feel sad. I could see where people were coming from when they made this movie but they couldn't get it right. There was no character development, no tension, no emotion. I don't know if they even knew where they were going with this movie. The writing was bad.  If you are watching a bad film that isn't even funny and you aren't a horror movie fan, watch this movie: it's just horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was so badly acted, and so badly directed, that it was just plain awful.  And even worse, I found myself actually rooting for the villain! But I'm not alone in that. Most of the cast and crew members of the film have such an atrocious reputations that it would be nearly impossible for them to do anything other than write a negative film review about it. I found it particularly difficult to review this film because of the actors' lack of acting chops, but that's hardly surprising. This film was a waste of everyone's time and it should have never been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read this review in the book section of a local bookshop, and I can't believe how far this film was from being the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen.  I can only assume the producers were simply bored with the idea of a bunch of friends driving around in their own car and getting into trouble. If you have any hope of a good movie, don't watch this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete waste of time. It is very poorly paced, it has little to no suspense or action, and is very slow to get going.  This film is very short, only about 20 minutes. I can't imagine how anyone could get through it.  The acting was terrible, especially when it came to the two main characters (the two men are named William and Michael), I don't think they could have made it much more than 1 or 2 episodes of a TV show. I did like the other character played by Peter Gains (Michael). I just felt like the script was rushed, and the plot was way too convoluted to keep going. I'm giving it a 1/10, because I know it was made to be a low budget film, but I dont think it would have worked. It was a total waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know I'm not supposed to give it to him but I thought it was interesting to see what people would say about it. This is not even remotely a horror film. It has nothing in it except for a few scenes that are very, very silly.  There was no story or anything. All it had was a few people and a bad sound track. There were no scares or anything at all. The acting was terrible. The cinematography was terrible (the whole film looks like a very low budget film that has been turned into a low budget horror film). The special effects were terrible (even the blood looked fake). The script was extremely stupid. It was obvious that the writers and director were not very good, and that there was no real story behind the movie. The story was supposed to be a story about the killer who kills a group of people and is going after a school, but that was never mentioned once in the whole movie! It is a complete waste of time. It would have been nice to see a horror movie that actually scares people, but this movie made me feel like I was watching the video game. I would have rather seen the game's intro video instead of this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I've found the worst movie of all time. I've seen movies that I'm not sure if I really liked or hated, and this is by far the worst. I would not recommend it to anyone. I can't imagine anyone wanting to see this movie, because I think it would be awful. The movie is slow and uninteresting, and I don't know how anyone can stand watching this thing. I wish it were made into a movie, but I'm afraid I won't get the chance.  The script is awful. It doesn't make sense, it doesn't move the plot along at all, and it just plain sucks. The director tries to give the audience an idea of what they are watching, but it just comes off as an attempt to give an "entertaining" movie.  It is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's not even the worst I've watched, it's just terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, if you're reading this review from a movie site I didn't actually watch it, you're doing it wrong. I watched it on my phone on the "Tube" so it was kind of like a movie I'd never actually seen, but it was just a few hours away from being released. So when I finally got it and watched it, I wasn't even remotely able to suspend my disbelief to the point where I could accept the premise.  Anyway, the movie is not just bad, it's downright awful. In the beginning, there is so much of the "old" "trailer" that I felt sorry for the actors and was completely unable to take in what was happening because I was totally lost. The movie is completely flat, boring, and stupid. The acting was OK but nothing special. The plot is completely ridiculous, but you'll accept it because you're just too lazy to care about anything else.  In the end, I gave it 2/10 because the story was just so poorly done, and it was really hard to believe anything was going on in this film. But then, I was so bored that I was just sitting there watching it to get a few minutes of screen time.   I just wish I could've taken out the whole thing and watched the movie on DVD so I could give it a 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Worst movie: ever" is a movie about a group of teenagers, in a group that is supposed to be a tight-knit group, but who end up running away from each other, and the world around them.  It is supposed that the "clans" are like a family, but they don't really seem like families to me. In fact, they are like groups of strangers, and they just don't act like families. They don't even get together for dinner like you would expect a family to do.  There is a lot of action and no story line, which really makes this movie look like a Disney movie with all the action. It also seems like they did not really hire a director to do this movie. It looks like they hired some of the kids that made the movie and the movie just looks like it was done by the kids.  I would have to say that I am surprised that the film was rated R, since I really thought it would be a PG-13 movie.  The only good thing about the movie was the songs, which was actually really boring. I thought the song "Love You More" was really catchy, and I would like to see that song played at a funeral. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off with a good-looking man (played by Robert Culp) talking to a lady in the backseat. The lady looks bored and wants to be moved to the front seat, but Culp is too polite to move her. She is very nice and then the guy in the front row (played, in this movie, by the guy with the hat) asks the lady to move back to her seat. She does, and he then proceeds to tell her that she can't sit there unless she has a good reason to. She asks him for an explanation, but he never gives one. It's a movie where there are very few scenes that are not boring, like the guy driving the car, the guy who's with the lady, the woman who talks to the guy, the lady with the black hair, the girl who talks with the guy (in the movie, her boyfriend), the lady who talks, the man who talks (again, in the movie) about his friend who just got a new job, the police officers, the nurse who talks...all are completely pointless. And if the movie were a "good movie" this would have been one of the most important and entertaining movies I've ever seen. It isn't.   As I mentioned, the movie has no reason to exist.  I'm sure there are other interesting movies out there, but this is one of those movies that just don't make sense, and I'm not sure if it has a real purpose. It would have made much more sense if Culp and the lady in front of him were talking about how he looks, or if she was talking about her hair, or about her clothes, or...well, I don't know. It doesn't make much sense, it's just one long, boring, pointless scene after another.  The film is about 1/10 of what a real movie should be, and it's definitely not worth seeing. It really isn't funny, it really isn a lot worse than I can say. And even the movie that I rated 8 out of 10 was funnier than this one, so I'm pretty sure I made the wrong choice.  So I'll give this a 4 out of ten, I guess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is basically a bunch of guys who do nothing but sit around watching movies, and make a movie about movies. This is a very poor movie for a first feature.  The acting is terrible, the plot is boring, and the film looks like it was filmed in the late 70s when I think they had just enough money to get by on and no real plan for making a good movie. It is also one of the slowest movies I've seen.  It is so bad that I have to wonder if the film was made in order to get the money that they needed to make this film, or if it was made just for the money it would have cost. The film looks so amateurish and so unprofessional that I think it had to have been made to raise the production costs. It makes a very weak and uninteresting first feature, and this isn't a good first feature to spend your money on.  I have never really enjoyed the "Dirty" movies. However, I must give them credit for one thing: the original "D" is actually the better film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a bad joke. The acting is bad, the story is awful, the cinematography is awful and the effects are awful. The characters are bland and there is no story or character development. The director tries to make the movie "cool" but fails miserably. The story is not worth telling, the actors are not good, and the direction is horrible.  In addition, the movie lacks humor.  The ending is weak, there is too much continuity and there are too many plot holes. All in all, it is a waste of time. I can see why the director made this movie, it just wasn't that good.  I just hope you never see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible mess of a movie. The acting is so bad and the script is so poor it's a wonder why they even bothered to make the movie. There are no real character development or plot twists or anything at all. Just a bunch of stupid people who just do not care about anything and just repeat their lines like they are the stars of the movie and nobody cares about them. The only redeeming part of this movie is the soundtrack. The songs are terrible and the movie was overrated. This is a movie that deserves a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bad time to be in the movies business, with a bad script, a boring script, and an irritating story line. The characters are just a few steps away from becoming a parody of themselves, so I wouldn't want to be the one who made the movie. The plot, despite the acting, is really lame, and the plot twists that were so obvious and obvious in the first film seem to be missing here. The music is awful, the special effects are lame, the plot is too slow and too predictable, and I found myself wondering if I was watching a movie or watching a TV show.  The only good thing about this movie is that it contains the word "Witch", which was a bit of a surprise considering it's a horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a very good movie, and I was very disappointed. The movie was not that good. I can't really describe the movie, so I will try. It was just about as bad as the last 2 episodes of the "True Blood" series. I think the reason is that the movie was written by a studio executive, not the director. The actors did not do a very great job. In fact, there were times where I could not tell what character was who. The acting was really bad. I found it really hard to believe the actors even got paid for it. If I were to compare this movie to something like "True Life", the movie would probably be better.  I think they could have made a better movie with a better story. I do not understand why a studio would waste money making a movie with this title. I just think that it was just a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an extremely amateurish, over-rated, and over-hyped film. A bad film with no heart or meaning. The plot is a complete waste of time and not believable. The cast is so completely ridiculous that it's embarrassing to watch, and the only reason I gave this film a 2 out of 10 is because I could see it being enjoyed by the adults in the audience. I can't say anything negative about this film because it's so poorly made. It's a waste of your time and is so incredibly irritating and irritating that it really is unbelievable. This is not an interesting film at all. The actors are so over-the-top and stupid that it was so obvious that they had no clue what they were talking about that they couldn't even bother making an effort to act convincingly. I'm so sick of this movie that I don't think I'll ever see another. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was interesting, if you want to see the relationship between the two characters, then look elsewhere, but this film was so shallow and boring that it made me laugh every time I saw it. The director could have done better with the script, as it was far too much like a bad teen movie to really get a lot of laughs out of it. I did laugh at one scene, when the characters were discussing how they were going to get the money to rent a movie theater, but that was it. Even the story itself was just awful. I have seen far better films that were much better than this one.  I recommend avoiding it. It was a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really disappointed by the ending of this movie. It seemed to be the beginning of a series of "What if" scenarios. It is sad because the characters did not do anything particularly interesting in the first part of the movie, but the second part of it, which was the worst part of this film, was the part that made me lose my patience for the entire movie.  The actors were not very good and did not seem to have any motivation to do a bad acting. The plot was predictable, and the ending was not good either. The only good part was the music. It was annoying and did nothing for me.   I really hope this movie is just a publicity stunt for a new movie that is not even finished yet. I would have liked it to have been a good, interesting movie, with some originality and a nice twist, but it was just a really bad movie. I gave it 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A mediocre, incoherent mess. The movie was so badly paced and incoherent, that it really reminded me of the movie I watched with my friends at the movie theatre when I was 8. I could have done without the stupidly corny, unnecessary "Hitchcock's" name in the title.  The movie is about a "bastard" (I know, I'm sorry) who is being hunted by his ex-girlfriend and her lover who, in the movie, are trying to kill him. The girl is really mean and abusive towards the guy, but the guy is really into the girl. The only reason he kills the girl is because he likes her. The whole movie has no redeeming feature for the viewers.  Oh well, at least I don't have to see this film anymore, because it is getting better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm no movie critic, but if I'm going to rate this movie, I'm willing to make an honest assessment of the quality of the movie. First off, the acting is horrible. Even worse is the direction, which is a total disappointment. The story is also completely predictable and devoid of any suspense whatsoever. The characters are completely uninteresting. I'm sure the writer did not put much thought into them, and they were probably written as a way to create drama between two characters (played by very similar actors) in the movie, rather than as characters themselves. It would have been much better if the characters were written well, as a whole. This movie is a disaster. It's not even worth a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the trailer and it looked great. I saw it on TV and it was so much better than the trailer. But, it wasn't. I watched it twice and both times it was just a mess. The acting was awful and the script was so far from believable. I thought it was the worst movie I've ever seen. I can't believe the people who made it.  This movie was so bad that I couldn't even understand the characters' lines, I thought the script writer had lost his mind. The actors didn't even try to act. I just didn't understand what was going on. It's not even a comedy. It looks like a very cheap porno.  I'm so sick of all the people that think this movie was great. It wasn't, it was a total waste of time. I would rate this movie at 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had no plot whatsoever, no real direction, and even the special effects were not very good. It just seemed to drag on and on. I couldn't tell what was happening in the movie, and I got bored watching it. The music was also bad, with the most annoying song in the world being "Rise of the Phoenix", and that really annoyed me.  I really don't understand how anyone could give a 10/10 to this movie. It was completely pointless, boring, and the acting was completely terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen many horror movies in my time, but this is the worst one I've ever seen. The acting was very, very weak and the premise was very ridiculous. I have seen a few films in the genre that have been pretty good, but it's pretty rare to see one that makes absolutely no sense.  The only thing I like about it was that it was made in the 1970's. That makes it all the more depressing.  It's a shame that this is even released in a theater, since that's where the audience would have been.  I can't recommend it to anyone. I would avoid it completely. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main issue with this movie is that it takes place in a movie theatre in the middle of the day, and the movie was about a movie that just happened to be showing on the screen. That's why the story is so predictable. It was supposed to be set in a real cinema and the characters would be actors, but since the movie takes place on a movie screen they are inanimate objects and there is no chance for them to act, and no chance to develop the story at all, unless they are using CGI (which is not possible in this movie at all). The only way the movie could be interesting would be if the actors were human, but this would be incredibly hard to do. The actors in this film are actually actors who were in the same movie theatre as the movie itself, which makes this movie really, really boring. The plot, as a whole, was nothing but a huge waste of time and I gave it 2/10 (the only reason I gave this movie 2 out of 10). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really want to like this movie, but after a few minutes of watching it I got sick of it. The movie's story was really predictable and boring. It had no suspense at all, and the acting was terrible. The cinematography was extremely poor and made no sense at all. The only reason I gave this movie a 2 rating was because of the cool special effects.  The movie wasn't that great. If you like this kind of movie then it might be okay. However if you don't like it, don't waste your time watching it. You will only be left with the feeling that you wasted your time and that it sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had never been a big fan of the horror genre, but was intrigued by the concept of a haunted house movie, and this was the perfect opportunity to see it. Unfortunately, I didn't know anything about the history of the house. What I did know was that the house had been abandoned by the original owner, and had been left to rot for a long time. The story takes place in the late 1800's, and the house is haunted by spirits.  The problem with this is that the pacing is so slow that it feels like you are watching a film with a script that has been sitting on the shelf since it was completed. I know this because the opening credits sequence is the most out of place I've ever seen in a movie. The music, acting, and editing all feel like they've been done by someone who didn't have a clue how to make movies, and has no clue how people actually talk and act. I'm sorry, but it's just a bad film.   I recommend avoiding this film, unless you have a good sense of humour and can ignore the fact that the lead actor and director had an acting stint in the 1990's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made in an effort to make a money movie, and it just doesn't work. The acting is so bad, the story line is so contrived, the script so devoid of story, that it makes the movie even less watchable.  There was never a real plot to this movie, the characters were never given much to do in the story and the movie just went on and on and never got any real momentum to keep it going. It made up for the lack of a real story line by having the characters wear their favorite movie props from the previous movie.  I've never seen a movie where the actors and actresses are so inept that they could not recognize that they were being filmed and that the film was a video movie. There was no character development in the movie at all, only the characters had to have their own plot lines to keep the movie moving. It was so bad that I had to turn it off after watching 10 minutes of it.  The actors should have taken the opportunity to improve their acting skills and come up with a better script, but instead, they went out and spent money making a terrible movie that just doesn. It wasn't worth watching.  It was a waste of money and a waste the film-making talent of the actors. I would give it 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not the best at movies, but I can tell you this: this film is a complete waste of your time. I'm surprised there are people who watched it. I mean, who saw this film? What happened to the original? What's the point of this? I'm really disappointed. I thought the original would be better, but it just made things worse. It's so un-interesting, I can't even remember it. The story is a disaster. It starts off okay and ends in a horrible mess. There's nothing to do but sit in the dark. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line is nothing but pointless. It is not a story line but an excuse to show how the film is shot and edited. The director of the film and its producers made the film look like it was filmed in the backseat of a car, the film looks like it has been shot in one spot for 2 hours. This is a very cheap film that I would not recommend unless you are looking for a laugh at the expense of your friends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen, let alone made. The acting was laughable. The dialogue was boring and the plot was completely pointless. The worst part was the way the story was told. It made no sense, there was absolutely no logic to the plot, the characters were unbelievable, and the story could have been a lot better if it had not been set in the 1930's. I'm not even sure if the actors were even alive when this movie was made. This is a shame because the movie was supposed to be about an unknown man who was a boxer in his teens and had a bad relationship with his father, who killed himself after losing a boxing match. The movie tries to explain this, but the movie doesn't give the movie any credibility and the movie ends up just being a bad "documentary".   The movie is just too unbelievable to watch, it's just unbelievable. There is absolutely no reason to watch this movie. It's not a good movie to see at a bad time and I think it's the worst horror movie ever made. It should have been made as a documentary instead of a "horror movie". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure if this is a genuine review, or just a movie made for the sake of having a quick viewing time in the middle of the day. This is definitely not a film for people who enjoy the thrill of the chase, but instead is more suited for those who don't care about the suspense of the characters and don't want to pay to see it.  It is also very unlikely to win any awards.  The film is so poorly made, it is almost impossible to sit through. This movie just isn't good. I think it could have been a comedy, but the lack of a punch line was so lacking that the punch line just went over. The acting is also so bad, that you could just as easily call it a movie without the actors. The actors are so under-talented that they just couldn't make it into this film.  A poor excuse for a film. The chase sequences are just so boring, that it is not even funny. The action scenes are very boring, with the only real action sequence being the chase of the killer. This film is about the chase and the chase is all about the actors, the script, and the editing. The movie is a waste of time, and a waste in the eyes of the public. The film itself could have gone in the trash can. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of money, and you are paying to see it in theaters. It is just plain stupid.  In the beginning, I was interested in seeing how it would play out. I thought that this movie would be better if it were in English. However, when the movie started to go downhill, I found out that this is a bad adaptation of a bad comic.  The story was not very good. The dialogue was very irritating, and it made no sense at all. The plot is absolutely stupid. If you are interested in watching a good film, then this movie is not for you.  I found the ending to be unbelievable. I could not understand what happened. I just thought that there must have been some sort of conspiracy or something that made this movie so stupid. I wish I could just write the movie off and not waste my time. I am glad that I only got to see this movie once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how it happened, but this movie is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The characters are dull and there is no direction. It's just an awful mix of scenes and characters. The music is not catchy and the acting is just awful. There are scenes where there is only one character in the scene, and it's all about the same person talking for a long time. You get the feeling that they're making this movie because they can get away with it, and that it was a joke. The ending is absolutely horrible and makes no sense.  There is no way to see this movie without being completely bored. It has nothing to do with the movie. You'll end up just watching the screen with the subtitles.  It's not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If there was ever a chance to like this movie, I would have loved it. I found it extremely boring, and I'm not even a fan of horror movies. This movie is so bad, I actually turned off the video so that I could watch it again, and watch it in the dark. I am disappointed that I was able to see it twice on DVD, only to find that the DVD was scratched and the video had a horrible video quality. I don't recommend watching this movie at all. The movie is about as entertaining as a bad episode of South Park. It was so bad that it was actually hilarious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My review: I don't think I can justify the low score. I have to admit that I didn't have a chance to watch the entire movie. So, I watched the trailer, the first half of the movie, and the second half of this movie, just to see what the hell was happening. I had to sit through the whole thing and even then, I was just not impressed with the story.  The action is predictable and uninteresting. I don' think that any movie with so little plot is ever going to be enjoyable. This movie does not have the story and action that I would expect. There is no story, no fight scenes, no characters to care about. The whole movie is just a waste of time. There are so many problems with the acting, and it just comes off as forced.  My rating-8/10. I was hoping that I was going to like the movie. I thought I would be a fan of a low budget action film with a few twists. I'm really not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a strange and sad way, the last two hours of this film have been a sort of apology for the previous hour and a half of the movie. There was a lot of good ideas here and an awful lot of bad ideas. This is the movie that was supposed to be an homage to the classic sci-fi horror film "The Thing", but it turned into an extremely unfunny, slapstick horror spoof. I'd recommend you watch the original if you're interested in the movie, but avoid this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just as bad as the "Ghostbusters" movies. I'm sorry to say that this movie didn't do anything for me. I don't understand how they can be so stupid. They should have never made the movie. I didn't understand anything. I would have thought that it would have been funnier if the girls would have acted more like real girls, instead of the way they act. The only thing I did like was the ending.  It's an unmitigated disaster. The movie is so badly written and directed that you really feel like you're watching an eight-year-old kid's film. You feel like they don't even care about their characters and why would they? The ending is so utterly unsatisfying that you can't even imagine how it could have been a hit film. The way they had the movie made was so out of control that it makes you wonder if they knew what they were doing.  If you're a fan of "Ghostbros", you'll love this movie, but don't expect it to be good. It's not a comedy. It isn't a horror flick. It has absolutely nothing to do with the movies and is completely pointless. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a fan of John Carpenter films, but I found this one to be just a disappointment. The acting is awful, the story is boring, and the direction is laughable. I can't believe that people saw it. It's just not worth watching.  It also contains the worst scene I've ever seen in a film: a man falls through the ceiling and into a pool of blood.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than a boring, generic and poorly directed comedy. It has a dull script and boring characters. It's also boring because it uses a lot of clichd and lame jokes. I mean, why even have a joke when we can just have a scene that says "Hey, I'm the guy in the movie. I'm a jerk. How do you do?" This movie would have made much more sense if the filmmakers had taken out the "guy" and "the movie" and put in "the jerk". I don't know why the director didn't just put in a big red "JACKS!" and a big green "HE'S A JERK!". This is just a lame excuse to make a dumb comedy. I wish there was more of an actual story in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie from a guy who was going through the stages of adolescence and early adulthood and wanted to see the girl he liked and who was in love with him. He would watch the girl from the beginning and would fantasize about her, imagining that she was his girlfriend or boyfriend. However, he didn't get to see her. He's only a teenager, but he thinks that he knows everything about her. She's just another teenage girl who thinks that she's in love. And she's just the girl that he likes, so why is he so angry with her?  So, he gets a girlfriend (which is a chick-flick at first, but then becomes a boring story-line) and she ends up leaving him. In the process, she becomes more and more obsessed with him, which is even worse. She dumps him and starts to act like a bitch and tries to ruin his life, because, in her mind, he's still the girl she fell in love, even though she never actually met him. And they both break up after that, but the whole movie ends up being an exercise in making the viewer feel like the characters are both losers. The ending is not only a bad story-arc, but also a complete waste of time. The whole movie makes no sense, it's not funny, and there's no reason why the two main characters would be so in love that they couldn't get together in real life.  If you are not a kid and you have a bit of taste, watch this movie. But I don't recommend it, especially if you are a kid. It's a waste of your time and you'll probably get bored and annoyed with the whole thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so boring, I can't believe they made it. Why is the main character a teenager and why are the other characters so old? Why is it a romantic comedy? Why did they make the girl so old and why was she there? Why was the main girl a teacher in the early 90's? I'm not sure what they did to make the plot work, but it's really bad. The movie was not funny and didn't have any romance. The girl and the main guy were both very boring. I thought the movie had a script that was poorly written.  It is really hard to get past the plot. The way they made the movie is the only thing that is good. The girls were boring and not funny. The acting was terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a classic example of a "B-movie" that can never escape from it's self-absorption and mediocrity. It's a very, very bad, bad movie. It is, without question, the worst of all the "B" movies made since the days of the "D-movie". The acting is awful, the special effects are awful, and the plot is not even coherent. This movie is so bad, it could not possibly have had a plot, because it is so awful. I thought it was an idea for a new series of "B Movie" and I would like to see it if it came back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is just another reason why Hollywood has become a joke in the movies world, they are all the same, all the actors are the same and the plot is the same. It has no plot, no dialog, no action, no nothing but it's just another Hollywood film to be trashy and make a lot of money. It's a little bit funny, but the whole film is very bad.   What's worse is the fact that the film only has one trailer, and only has a 1 rating on IMDb. It only has 5 stars, which is a very low rating. So, what a shame that this film was not at least a 4, 5 or 6. It deserves a 1/10, 2/10 or 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst "Star Trek" movie ever made. The acting is terrible. The plot is lame. And the special effects are just plain awful. I have never seen a movie that was so completely wasted and pointless.  Oh well, I guess there are a few out there that think it's worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was actually really surprised that the director of this movie was not actually a filmmaker, but a film critic. The movie is really just a bunch of actors and actresses acting like a bunch people.  The acting was so bad, I had to sit through the entire film to get through it. I really wanted to stop the movie and go see the movie again, but I couldn't.  I had trouble remembering what they were supposed to say.  This movie just made me sad to see the actors in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I'm going to take you out of the movie theater. The rest of the audience is going to laugh at me for this. Just be quiet."  I think they were supposed to have some sort of "bond" between the actors and the film. And it was very strange that the whole movie was like "I'll be quiet so you can enjoy it." It's like they couldn't think of anything better to do than write a bad script.  I can't imagine anyone enjoying this film. I was expecting something better. I think the writer, Chris Morgan, should be fired for this terrible waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a very biased person and I'm surprised that this movie was made. I really want to like it but I am disappointed by this. It was not a fun watch and I will never see the movie again.  I think that the director made a bad job of the movie, it was awful, nothing that I could relate to and it made me wonder how he made the movie.  This movie was very sad and I am really disappointed that I had to see it.  The acting was very bad. I would like to know if this is a joke, or if this movie is actually made for people who like to see movies where people die or get killed, but that is a big difference between a movie like this and a movie that is actually a movie. The only reason that I am giving this movie a 2 is because it was very short and there was no other way to watch it. This movie made me want to cry and it was so stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was interesting for the fact that it is based on a novel by the legendary Richard Condon. I liked the fact the film was based on the novel, but it was really disappointing because of the fact it was completely and utterly stupid. The film was so slow paced and boring, and the dialogue so ridiculous that I just laughed my ass off the screen when the movie ended. This film is a complete waste of time. If you want to see a slow-paced, boring, predictable, and totally unnecessary thriller film about a man who was so unlucky that he died in an elevator accident, this movie is a great choice. However, if you want a decent movie, I would recommend a different movie: "Escape from Alcatraz". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure why this movie was released. I suppose because they thought that it would sell well, but it has been released several times before with far better reviews. I would assume that it was released to make money because they needed to make a profit off of it. The acting was really bad, and I found it boring to watch the movie. This movie was basically a reenactment of a documentary, so it did not make any sense whatsoever. It had a few good bits, such as the ending, but the rest of the movie was pretty boring and was not worth watching. I had no interest in the movie other than to find out how much they had to pay to make it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was just another episode in the same predictable series of movies that are so common nowadays. They all involve characters who can't get their act together, and the result is predictable and often unsatisfying. I'm not sure how much of this movie's content was inspired by real life, but I'll assume it was a big part. This movie doesn't even have a decent script to begin with. The movie was so predictable that I kept waiting for a "real-time" sequence in which something interesting happens. The closest we got was when they went to the movie theater. I felt cheated.  The movie is only one-third of the way through the movie, and I'm only halfway through it. I think it's just going to end in the credits. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst "Drama", I have seen. It is about a man who tries to escape his past by joining a new club and goes to another club. The only reason that he does not seem to get the club to kill him is that he is a girl. I mean, come on. He is the guy who likes girls and loves them. And, what's more, he is in love with one of them. He can't stay in the other club because he is the owner and the manager.  The girl is not good in the movie at all. She is a whore, and the movie doesn't help that much because of her looks. The movie ends with her getting a new job as a stripper and ending in a bar fight where the stripper is killed and the woman is beaten up.  So, if you want to see a movie that has a girl who likes boys, and who is a bitch, that would be good.  I gave it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a very poor attempt at adapting the book. There are no characters and nothing is explored. It's just a lot of bad acting and a bunch of terrible plot devices that were designed to make the audience care. I was not even able to finish the movie due to my inability to stay engaged.  The characters all seem very unlikable and I did not care for any of them, save for the main character. That said, I don't recommend this film. It isn't really worth the time of anyone who has not read the book, and who wants to see a really bad film, which is the case for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A group of guys with one weird trick decide to rob a bank and take out a bunch of cops who are too busy trying to stop them. They're too stupid to pull it off.  I like a few of the actors, especially Michael Ironside and David Boreanaz, but when the film was released in 2002 I felt it to be a waste of money. It was terrible. It made me feel like the film wasn't worth my time, so I watched it again. It didn't even match the original in the slightest. It's just bad. It is so bad I think it deserves a 2/10. It isn't even worth my rating because I didn't like it at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an interesting story but has no redeeming qualities, or even interest. The story is an hour and a half of a man, who, in the story, goes insane, and is then chased by the police, and the story of the two boys who played by his side, is utterly boring. The acting was very poor, and in some scenes you could clearly see the actors were not in character, or at all. The plot is completely unbelievable and the writing is terrible. The movie is so utterly awful that it actually makes me angry. The film was released in a few countries around the world, including the UK, so it should have had a wider release. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this movie and it is so incredibly awful, I can't believe how a person who wants to watch this could even consider doing so.  What's even worse is that there is absolutely no plot or direction.  The whole movie is so boring and uninteresting. The acting is pretty much the same throughout, there are just two scenes where the actor does anything that was remotely believable. I can understand why they decided to have this film because there was a film that was so much better. The movie was called "Tales of a Vampire". The movie had a really cool story line and a cool vampire story line that the movie actually did, but the film was a disaster.  So I guess I have to give this movie 2 stars out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought I had seen it all. I was wrong. This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The characters were all ridiculous and the plot was completely useless. The ending could have been much better. I give it an 8 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a brief moment in the movie when I thought it would be a funny movie to see them playing tennis and have the camera stay on them as they played their games. It would be funny if the whole thing was not so poorly acted and directed. In the movie, the character that most interests me is the one who has been given a bad nickname "Killer".  In the beginning, it looks like a comedy, but after the third act it gets very predictable and not very interesting.  The whole movie should have been done in two parts, that way it would have been funnier.  I give it a 3/10. It is a waste of time and you will most likely never see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry for the poor reviews, but this film is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  As an avid movie buff, I found it interesting and interesting enough to watch the trailers, but unfortunately, I was too distracted by the trailers. This is one the worst of the bunch. I am disappointed I missed out on this gem of a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very, very bad. In the first scene the hero of the movie tries to kill the other guys. He is unsuccessful, but then the guy in the black mask (the villain) appears and kills all the guys. This guy kills 4 guys, and then he goes to the hospital to get a blood transfusion. All 4 guys are then dead. The movie ends when the villain is killed by a SWAT cop.  The movie is about 8 minutes long. There is no end at the end. The whole movie is a very boring and slow movie. I can only recommend the first 2 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst horror movies ever made. The acting is awful, the story is a complete mess, and the plot is predictable and unconvincing. It's so boring, it's so ridiculous, and it's just plain stupid. You'd think that a film that stars Robert De Niro and Michael Caine (both famous for their roles in films like "Shining in the Darkness") would be at least decent, but this is just a joke.   One thing that I liked was the way that the camera cuts in and out of a scene when something is happening on the screen. You get a nice close-up of a person in the foreground and you get a full shot of them when something in the background changes. This is the only time I've seen a movie where it cuts in without the viewer having seen what's happening in the distance, and I've watched hundreds of films that don't do that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this movie says it all. It is nothing but a series of flashbacks to the original movie with absolutely no point or purpose to it.  The only thing that made the movie interesting was the characters' personalities, but they weren't worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an utter waste of my time. The only reason I'm watching this is because I'm addicted to the movie series "Breaking Bad". This movie isn't even worth watching for its plot. The story is absolutely pointless. The whole movie is about one character who was shot by a bad guy. He's the one who was in the way of the bad guy's plan. He has a chance to save the world, but he doesn't. The movie ends after that. It's just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the midst of a major election year, this film was actually a waste of time. It made no sense, there was no real story, the acting was poor, and it had absolutely no impact whatsoever. The film's title alone is a testament to the filmmakers' lack of direction and direction. I think that they should have called it 'I'm A Little Bit Stupid' instead of 'My Son Is Dead' which is the way it is called in the movie.  It has a few scenes worth of content, but there was absolutely no character development or storyline, no reason to believe the characters were anything more than cardboard cut-out cardboard characters. The story line was predictable, and the ending was predictable. It was a waste. I don't know if I could ever recommend this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this one, and it makes me sad to say so. I know, it's not really a big problem, because the other movies on the list are better. I'm not sure how this film can be considered a cult classic, because it's just so...so...so. The plot has nothing to do with anything, and there's no point to it at all, besides it's very obvious that it's supposed to be a thriller. I guess it was just a good idea to try and make a scary movie.  It looks like it's actually a collection of two-reel shorts, and that is not a good thing, because two-thirds of the movie is so poorly directed, that it just makes the whole thing worse. I really can't see how this could be considered to be one of the "cult classics", because it doesn't even deserve it. It's just an attempt at making a horror movie, which is nothing but a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible, awful, embarrassing attempt at making a "Star Trek" movie. If I were to compare it to a typical "Star Wars" movie, it would be an embarrassment. There is nothing that even remotely comes close. Nothing from the original series is left; there is not even a mention of Khan (Babylon 5's Leonard Nimoy) in the entire movie, the story is so incoherent that you cannot know what's happening; it has one of the worst opening scenes I've ever seen.  Oh, and the script is so terribly written that it makes the original TV series look like a masterpiece.  The script is such that you can tell from the opening scene that something bad is about to happen. The film seems to be running out of ideas and trying to shoehorn in things that have already been done by other movies. You can almost see the producers trying to emulate the original "Star wars" script, but failing miserably. This is the worst attempt at a Star Trek movie I've seen in a long time. If you like "Trek" movies, go for it, but do not waste your time on this movie. It's a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never really liked the series. I just don't know if I've been looking in the wrong direction. The only thing I've seen so far that made me think "I'd like to see more of these characters" was the pilot. It was a fun movie, but it just didn't seem like it could have been more than that. The rest of the cast seemed to have absolutely no personality at all. I really wanted to like them, but all they did was try to make it seem like a really cool and exciting adventure, even though it was a really boring movie. I got tired of the story line after three episodes, and they started doing the same thing again. They even went into the whole "the evil aliens want to take over Earth" thing after the third episode, but after that it didn't get that much better. I mean, it's a lot of fun, but you don't get to see all the cool stuff that they do on the show.  The only good thing was that they showed a little bit of their old work on the old Animaniacs TV show. Unfortunately, the Animaniac stuff was really bad, and the story in general was very predictable. I can't believe that the show would still be around after it has gotten this bad. The animation was pretty bad, but they tried to make up for it by having some cool effects. I'm not sure how many Animaniads are around, but I'm pretty sure that they're all extinct.  I guess I'm giving this one 1/10. I didn't see anything I enjoyed about it, and I'm just a little annoyed that it got so bad. It just seemed like it didnt have a purpose. It didn't make me want to watch it more, and it didnt make me feel any kind of emotional attachment to it. It's like a bad rip-off of "A Nightmare on Elm Street". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the absolute worst I have ever seen. It has the worst dialog I have EVER heard in my life.  What's worse is that the story is supposed to be about a man and his family, and then it completely goes off the rails in the last 5 minutes, and we are left to wonder what happened in that last 5 min. Then, finally, there's the "I know you're watching a bad film" bit at the end.  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen, ever. The story was terrible, and the acting was terrible. If I'm ever watching a film that has this much stupid dialogue, I'm going to throw it out the window, because it's going to make me sick. This is a movie made for children who are under the impression that they can't make mistakes, and they will be taken care of by adults. This movie has absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever. It is NOT worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible film. This movie was released in Japan and Europe in 1989. It has very few scenes and there are few dialogues. It is not a fun movie and I could see myself going through it in a few hours. The characters are very shallow and the plot is not so well thought out. I think that this movie should be made into a TV show. It was made for Japanese viewers to look at and they were not really able to appreciate the movie.  It was very hard to understand what was happening in the movie and how it should have been made. This was a waste of money for Japanese companies. This is an extremely poor movie and should not be released to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so, so bad.  It's so bad I can't even write a positive review about it. It's bad. You can watch it, just watch it. And I'm not talking about the first five minutes or so of it. That was pretty funny. I thought the rest of it sucked. The acting, in general, was so bad that I actually started to laugh. It was so ridiculous that it's hard to even call it a comedy, and it is, but it was so, SO stupid and so,SO pointless and so so,so boring that I just didn't know what to do with myself. The whole thing is so bad, that it doesn't make sense. And that's the worst thing about it! I mean, it's not even funny. It has to be so bad to make you laugh. I don't even know how to say it! It has TO be so awful to make me laugh! This movie sucked. And so, it doesn was really, really, so,  I don' t know what I'm going to do about this.   I'm really sad for the actors. I feel like I should be writing negative reviews about movies, but I just don't. The movie was just awful! It just seemed like they were trying to be funny, but just couldn't make it happen.  And I know that the script, if you read the whole thing, was very, very awful. The ending was just so, just so horrible! It was SO, SO sad! And so stupid! I didn't even want to read the script!  I've never laughed so hard in my life. I mean. I literally laughed like I was in tears. It felt so, like, so...I don't know, I don t even know!  Just...just, so stupid.  I mean...it was so...so, so awful.  But, then, I guess, the thing is...it wasn't really a comedy!  It wasn't funny at all! It wasn' t funny at the time.  Well, if I'm gonna be honest with you. I think it sucked! But I don't really think it was funny at any time. You just have to look at the story and try and make a funny comment on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a complete waste of time and I can't believe they let this one make it past the editing process. I've seen a few movies that looked worse, but I've never seen anything like this. It was absolutely horrible, with absolutely no action scenes at all, and the acting was as terrible as you can get. The story seemed to have some vague resemblance to "The Road to Hell", which I thought was pretty good, but it just didn't have the humor, and it was just plain awful. I found it all rather upsetting. It's a shame that "The Last House on the Left" made it past editing and got released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total disappointment. There are some good parts and a few funny moments, but everything else is terrible. The director tries to be funny and interesting by having the main character try to commit suicide. But he's too drunk to even know how to jump, and even if he had jumped, the ground would be far too shallow to survive. All in all, this movie is very predictable, and the script is a complete disaster. A bad movie for the lowest of the low. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is an average B-Movie about a guy who is trapped in the woods and has to make a deal with the devil. Unfortunately the acting is awful. A lot of the cast are just plain useless, with the exception of the one female lead, and the guy who plays the devil, but even he has nothing to do. The story was awful, and a very boring one. The acting, even by the female lead was awful. There were some decent scenes, but they were just very dull. It's just bad, and it makes me wonder if this was even made to make money. If you have to watch it, don't, just don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few weeks ago, I posted my thoughts on this film, which was the worst film I've ever seen. I guess it's true that I was watching it with a few friends at a friend's house and I didn't quite get it. I've seen several of them before, but this one was the most unbelievable of all. It was just...well, not in a good way. And it wasn't even particularly bad. I mean, it had some really cool scenes, but it was a bit too long for it to have been very entertaining. The action scenes were alright, but not good. I know it was supposed to be a high-school graduation film, but there was a lot of stuff that was completely pointless. And the acting was so bad, it just sort of...hurt. There were moments when the actors seemed like they were having a bad day.  A couple of the scenes were particularly bad, as well. There was one scene where one character was so angry that the other character was talking, and it just sounded like they had a really hard time. But they did have some good moments in the movie.  The special effects were okay. They were interesting, but they didn't really make a difference in the film, and they weren't used much at all. The music was OK, but I don't think I ever liked it.  There were some other issues with this film. I'm sure there were problems with the editing and the special effects, and I don,t think the acting affected that, either. But the worst thing about this film was that it was just awful. It wasn't funny at all, and there was absolutely no point in watching it. And I really,really,really hate the idea that people are going to spend money on a film that is completely awful.  If you want to see a film from the late 80's that you can't afford to waste your money on, I recommend you stick to something that's not made from clay. It's just not a fun movie to watch, and in the end, it really isn't a film worth talking about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is one thing that really bothered me when I watched this movie. It is the fact that the main character is a girl and that she is only 16 years old. I'm not sure how old the actor is, but it doesn't seem to bother him in the slightest. He was in a TV series in the 70's called "The Adventures of Dr. Carla" which is about a teenager girl who becomes a medical doctor. This movie is not only awful, it is downright embarrassing. It's just a bad waste of time.  The only good part of this film is that it features the famous "Worst Teen Movie Ever" theme song. It could have been so much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wanted to like this movie but I just could not get into it. The acting was terrible. The story line was very weak. I had the most trouble sitting through this movie. The actors were just not in the right places.  Overall I would not recommend this movie to anyone. It is definitely not a good movie for the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a fun ride to a bad horror movie: Do NOT watch this. Do NOT bother. The only way this could have been better would have been if the director had gotten better. It's just as bad, if not worse than "Scream" was. This is the kind of movie that you see in the movies section of the video store. They just make the worst movies and hope that nobody notices.  The first half of this movie is actually pretty decent.  Then it just goes downhill. And the final scene is even worse than the beginning.  I just don't know how to feel about this. It looks like a bunch of people sat around a table and made a really bad horror film. I can only imagine the movie was supposed to be more than just an hour and thirty minutes of slashery. But it really isn't. It just looks like an hour of "horror" movies, made by a bunch people who just hate horror movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no plot to be had here, but if there is one thing that you can say about this movie, it's that the cast is not even remotely likable. The actors, while well-meaning, are simply not up to the standard they should be for their roles. One example of this is how the actors react when the movie gets to be about 1/3 of the way through, with the film having barely gone into slow motion or any other slow motion at all. This is particularly strange because this movie was made for kids, so it could have been a fun, kid-friendly movie.  There are other problems with the movie, however, including a very amateurish sound mix, a slow-moving story, and a very poor direction. I wish that the original director had been given the opportunity to recut this film, as his work is a good one. I also don't like the idea that the kids are all talking to each other, or that they're making up their own "rules" and doing so in a rather hammy manner.  If you want to see a movie where the kids talk like they are, go to the original "Escape From the Labyrinth". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that they would have made this movie and why they would want to make this movie at all. There are so many problems with this movie. One, the acting was terrible, it was so uninteresting and not believable. One of the actors was really annoying and the other actors were completely annoying and stupid. The script was terrible and so was the dialog and there were way too many plot holes and inconsistencies to even notice them.  It is very annoying and boring to see how the two main actors act and make up for their lack of acting skills.  One of them says that the movie is just a comedy of sorts. This is so ridiculous and it makes no sense. The characters were very predictable and one had to think a lot to figure out what was going on. I am sorry that they made this horrible movie, but it was just so terrible and pointless.  I'm just saying that I am sick of movies like this. I can just go watch a good movie without seeing this crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a sad film.  The plot is a total mess. In one scene it is clearly stated that the murderer is in the woods and the victim is sleeping in the backseat. But then, when it is revealed that the victim's wife has left the house, the wife has to go back to the woods. She has been killed, the killer is caught, but not before the wife is raped by the killer and murdered. The victim's killer is finally apprehended and then killed by the cops.  Why was this movie made? What's with the black guy? Why? The killer, who killed the wife and raped her was not caught until the end of the film. Why? Why did this film go ahead? Why would you put a black guy in the story? How did they know? What was that black guy doing? Wasn't he supposed to be in the forest? I don't understand. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In all honesty I'm amazed that so many people have liked it. It's one of the worst movies I've seen. It just feels like it's been done by someone who has never made a movie before, and it's just not very funny.  It's just about as funny as the old "How The U Got Its Name" series. The dialogue is flat, there are no funny lines and the movie just isn't very good to look at. I don't know why anyone would want to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a movie where the characters talk a lot about their own lives and their past. I did not expect a movie like this.  A lot of the characters in this movie seemed to have been made up as they were and then thrown in the pool of the movie. One character in particular, who was in a wheelchair, was completely useless in the movie, and I found myself questioning the writer. The movie's plot was not very interesting, and the actors did not really get anything to do.  The movie is not that much better than a bad joke. It is very low budget, and it looks like a movie made by someone who wants to get away with a cheap movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was in on the first draft, and even though I'm a fan of the films I've seen, I found this one a disappointment. The acting was bad and the plot was not interesting, although I did like the idea of a group of people coming together to solve a problem. I also was disappointed with the ending, but I suppose I'm just a sucker for dramatic endings.  The idea behind the movie was interesting, but it seemed to be a step backward in the film-making department. There was nothing to keep me interested, nothing that made me feel any real emotion at the end. The ending of the movie left me with nothing. I had no clue as to what happened, who was responsible, or if there was a sequel. I just didn't care.  If you are a fan, then go out and enjoy the movie, but don't expect anything beyond an hour of pure boredom. This is one movie that I would not recommend to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Balls Out" is the first in a trilogy of films, entitled "Bones out". The original is the best and it's about a guy in a cage, who gets a heart attack while trapped in his own home. This film, however, is awful. It has very little plot and doesn't have a plot at all. The movie has no real story, and it has no story at all! It has one or two plot elements that could have been interesting. There is one scene where a dog (voiced by the actor who plays the dog's owner) kills another dog. It's really weird to see a dog kill another dog, because he is a dog! Why was this scene in the movie? Why was it included? Why did they have to kill the dog? It just doesn't make sense.  There are other scenes that are just awful. I can't believe that anyone would think that this was a good movie. The worst thing about the movie was the way it ended. The whole movie was ruined by this stupid ending. If they had kept the ending, the movie would have been okay. The only reason why this movie is terrible was because the writer wanted to write a positive review about it. But, he didn't. He just put it all in there, and then it ended up with a bunch of bad jokes, and a terrible ending! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really expecting a bit more from this movie, but all the actors in this one were so incredibly flat. It's like it's trying to be a little more than that but fails miserably at it.  The acting was so bad and the direction was so weak that it's not even funny. And it just made me really sad and it's hard to watch it because I really don't like these kind of movies, because they're so boring and not believable. I just want to know the end result of the plot, what happened to the girl, and what's going to happen to the guy. I think the movie is not going to be good, because the actors are so flat.  If you can watch it, watch it and enjoy it only because the characters are so predictable, that's all.  I would say that the movie was better if it wasn't so boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete disaster of a movie: the acting, the acting in general, the directing, the editing, the costumes, the cinematography, the sets, the music... it's all there to fail. It's a complete embarrassment of a film. It makes absolutely no sense. It has a very poor plot. The movie is so far from being a film that a director of a competent, independent production company could make it. This is an example of a low budget film where the budget is too low to pay a decent film crew.  And to think that the producers were making this film just for fun is really disturbing. The only reason the film has been made is because the director and the producer of the film wanted to do it and got funding. This movie could have been better. It could have just been a complete failure.  The script is so poorly written that the script needs to be read.  In this case, the director has clearly put his name on it, but he has not read the script. That makes me sad, because the script was so bad it could have gone on to be a classic Hollywood script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this film at the cinema in South Wales. I watched it twice and was not impressed at all. It was a shame, as it is a very odd film, and I thought it might be a good idea to watch it again on DVD. The story was very basic and did not have any real story in it. The music was pretty good, however, but the sound quality was horrible. It also looks as if it was filmed in the early 1980s, as there were a lot of old cars around. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the book and it was so amazing, I wanted to do it all over again.  Unfortunately, this movie wasn't anywhere near as good. In fact, it wasn't even that bad, I just had no idea what was going on, and didn't care about the plot very much.  I didn't know that the movie would end up being so long and confusing. I didnt get the feeling of what the characters were thinking, and they were so stupid and unbelievable. I really don't understand why this movie was made in the first place. I don't have much hope that this movie will get any kind of attention from anyone. It isn't that great, but it is worth watching if you're bored and want to see how bad the actors can get.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to give the writer credit for making this movie but it does not matter because I just don't want to waste time writing this review. It was so badly written, I didn't care if I read it, I just wanted to scream. The story itself was not interesting enough to keep me interested. The plot was predictable, and even the characters had nothing to do with the plot or anything else, but they were so annoying that I couldn't help but feel sorry for them. This is a movie that should be called 'Strayed in the Dark'. The acting was bad and the plot is not even that good. The best I can say is that the movie was not made by this director, but by the director's assistant. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know if I can rate this as a bad film because it was so bad. It was so uninspired, and it was just too damn long for a half hour or less. It made me want to see if the director could do any better. Unfortunately, I think that he was doing it just for the money, because that was all that was offered to him. I don`t think the director was able to write anything better, because he seemed to be trying to create a character, but he couldn`t. If he had written a better script, it probably would have been better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not normally a horror film buff, but this movie made me feel really nauseated and gross. I don't normally watch horror films because I'm a huge fan of gore, but I'm guessing that this movie probably didn't sell too well in theaters. Maybe they're making a sequel and they'll get the original fans back.  There's no suspense, there's no violence, and there's barely any gore. It just feels like a poorly made horror movie. If you want to see a cheap horror flick with lots of gore and a lot of blood, go buy a copy of "The Exorcist". I'm not really sure what they were thinking making this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After a good review of this movie, I'm writing this review because I can't stop watching it over and over again. The plot is shallow, the actors are terrible, and the script is utterly incoherent. Even the music is awful, and I wish that I could take it all back.  The director seems to have forgotten that he has a movie. The actors aren't even in character in the movie. I know they're actors, and that's why I watch them, but this movie was a waste of my time.  If you can't find it on DVD, you're in for a bad trip. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at the local cinema (as in the one that the movie is named after), and I can tell you it is a poor imitation of the old film, and even worse than the original. The story is about a woman who is trying to raise her son. She's been raising him in a very old fashioned, patriarchal, family setting, and has to decide whether to get rid of her husband (he's old) and raise the child alone (he won't let her get to live alone) or live with him. The old fashioned thing is that she can't have sex until she's married, and she can only have sex after she's gotten her husband's permission first. But then she decides she's going to be a lesbian, and decides to keep her marriage a secret. The film was so bad that I couldn't stop laughing when it was over. It's so badly made that it's really unbelievable that anyone could have ever thought it was actually good. The actors did not seem to understand the story, the direction was so off and it looked so awful that I didn't feel like watching it again. I thought it would have been better if the actors had just been given a script, but instead it was just slapped together. I guess the producers had to make money off the idea of a "real" lesbian film, because they knew that most people would not see this as a real lesbian film. I don't know if I'll ever see anything better, but I'll never see another film like this one again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought I would like this movie. I was hoping for a decent action film. I have seen the previous two action films that came out of this town (Robbie Miller's 'I'm A Good Guy' and 'The Longest Yard' starring Jeff Daniels) and was very disappointed with both of them. 'I'll be back in 6 months' sounded like a good idea. I found myself actually laughing at the movie.  This movie is very, very weak. There is no chemistry between the two lead actors, they are a waste of time and the story is really not that good. I wish I could give this movie zero stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I went to see this film at the Paramount Theatre on Sunday, December 3rd, 2013 and I must admit that I was extremely disappointed with it. I thought the story line sounded a bit too corny, and that the actors weren't acting their best. The only thing I liked about this film was that it had the original score from "Fist of the North Star". I thought that the movie looked like it was filmed in an unedited form and I wasn't impressed with the way the film was edited. I was also concerned that the film would have to run over 2 hours because it was in a preview section of the theatre.  I also wanted to talk about the lack of a killer fight scene. The characters weren't very likable. I'm sorry to say that I really dislike fighting in movies. I don't understand how these actors got this part. I can understand why they did it if they were doing a film about fighting, but it seems that the script wasn't written to accommodate a fight scene like this. If you don't like fighting, don't go see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is so bad and the acting is so pathetic that it's not funny. There are so many plot holes that the movie would have been laughed off if it was just another "comedy" flick. It's just an extremely bad script, awful acting, and a very disappointing movie. I really feel like it was made for a TV series, and the only way to make the movie work is to be stupid.  It's not the worst thing ever, but it's a complete embarrassment. I can only hope that whoever was responsible for writing the script had not thought it through very thoroughly. It could have been so much better if they had stuck to the script and let the actors and director have a little more control. The movie could have ended in a totally different way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the initial hype, I wasn't expecting much from this.  I wasn`t even looking forward to the movie, but I was surprised to find it so disappointing. It`s just the opposite of the original, the original is actually a very well made movie, so what happened here? Why did this movie get such a bad reception? The main reason is because it is a remake of the movie `The Devil`s Advocate` which is a classic case of mistaken identity, because the original movie was made in the 1980`s, when the audience was more mature, they would have known that the story was not meant to be serious.  The original movie is a dark and controversial film, which was based on the book `The Devils Advocate` by G.K. Chesterton.  A man named Jack (Baldwin) is hired by the local council to defend a local pastor who has been accused of rape. His goal is to prove that the accusations are false and the pastor is innocent. This is the only way he can get a lawyer`s fee. He has to use his legal knowledge and skills to find out what really happened, which is where the movie starts. Unfortunately, the movie is full of ridiculous inconsistencies. For example, there is no indication that the local police had been in the church, nor did they arrest the pastor for the rape. In fact, there are no police officers present during the actual events. All the police have a uniform, which makes no sense.  Furthermore, there was never any evidence of rape, nor any sexual violence. The movie contains a lot of scenes of sexual violence, but the director and the actors never make any comment on the nature of the sexual violence and the character of the rapist.   It also has a poor script. It lacks a coherent storyline and it doesn't make any sense. For instance, there's no explanation why the local councillor`s wife and the victim`s father are in the same church. And why are the two women in the first scene of the film separated? Also, why are they both in the second scene? Why does Jack keep going back to the church? How does he get to the police station?  It`d also be interesting to see how the actors act as if they were actors, not real people. One of the actors was the best in the original and his performance was amazing. However, he kept doing the same thing every time the movie started.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only say this after seeing a trailer for this film which claims that it is "The most original and unique film ever made about a time when America was in turmoil, with the people in the streets, and a government that was in control of a large portion of the population, the world was changing." This film has a very strange plot that's very far removed from anything I've seen in the past ten years. I cannot explain the reasoning behind the plot of this film other than it looks like the director was having a mental breakdown, and this film is a total waste of your time. This film is extremely weak, and it would be better off with a different director.  The acting in this film leaves a lot to be desired. The best actor was probably Eddie Izzard, but that was hardly enough to save the film. The acting was so bad that I would have taken off an "F" rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a movie buff, but I watched this movie with the hopes that it might have been the first of the "Shawn Michaels/Bill O'Reilly" series. I was so disappointed, that I couldn't get the movie out of my head for the rest of the night.  The acting was horrible, and the plot was weak, but the movie was good enough to be a waste of time. I thought the story was a little too predictable, especially the ending. However, the special effects were OK, and although the movie looks terrible in the DVD/Blu-ray, I was still able to enjoy it.  It was probably the worst movie I've ever seen, and I can't say it's good because it's bad. I'll just say it has ruined my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had some interesting ideas, but unfortunately, the whole thing was a pile of recycled stock footage, with no real story to speak of. I was expecting more from a film with this premise, but the lack of direction, and the awful acting and direction makes this a very forgettable movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was so full of hype that it really didn't make any sense at all to me. The idea was to make a film about a group of men who are stuck in the basement of a hotel in the woods of Alaska, and who are trying to get their act together and get out of the woods.  It was supposed to be an "epic true-life tale of survival" in the vein of "The Shining". Unfortunately, the film is more of a cheesy horror movie. The acting was horrible, and the story seemed to be made up as the director wanted it to be.  The plot was so bad that you can hardly tell if the film was made to promote a movie or if it was actually a horror movie made to look like one. There was absolutely no way for the viewer to know that the two men were the real-life characters in the film and that they were actually trying to make it out of a basement. The actors did try to make their characters more believable by having them have a few moments of action scenes, but even then, they didn't work out too well. There were times when the acting was so badly done that it made the film worse than an average horror movie (a few examples being the final shots of the film where one of the characters looks directly at the camera with the camera shaking like it was in slow motion). I was so sick of it all that I actually stopped watching after only two or three minutes. It was just a nightmare.  I wish the director had at least kept the footage of the hotel room. The footage could have been used to make the story more believable, but it would have added to the film more. The way they used it, it was all about how they were in the hotel with their families and the "true-life" story would be shown through that. It's really sad to watch a movie that's supposed to look realistic and actually isn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After reading the negative reviews, I decided to watch this film. It turned out to be a really disappointing experience. The acting was absolutely atrocious, the story was not worth even mentioning, and I couldn't make out what the point of the whole thing was. It's a shame that this film was even made.  I did like the soundtrack and the opening title sequence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie had very poor script, poor direction and sound, and worst, worst line-of-sight to the camera. The acting was at least good enough for an old-school B-movie, but not in this case. The characters are one-dimensional, the story line doesn't make any sense, and most of the action scenes have no interest whatsoever. The cinematography is not very good either, but I suppose that's to be expected of a B-film.  The acting is bad, but the sound is not. Some people may find the acting more tolerable than the acting itself, and for that I am sorry. But, for a B movie, the acting is not good enough to justify watching this movie, even for a few minutes. The script is a complete joke, the direction is bad (especially in the beginning of the movie), and the sound doesn't even improve the film's story line, so the story-line itself is meaningless.  This movie was supposed to be a fun B-filmmaking experience. But in this day and age, when B-movies are made so cheaply, and with so little care for quality, this movie could have been made better. And when I watch this movie as an adult, I can't help but wish that the writer of the script had done better.  If you want to enjoy a B film, then go see a good B-picture. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the interest of having a full review of a bad film I'm gonna try to describe it as best I can. This is the first thing that comes to mind when I hear the word "drama." It's like a play made by two drunk guys who are so drunk that they think it's a play. But it isn't.  The story is very predictable and the actors are awful. And the dialog is so bad that it's actually a bit depressing. It's the most shallow and predictable script I've ever read. I know a lot of people who think I'm an idiot, but even I can't help but laugh at the idea of a guy who looks like he's going to be one of the greats in the world and a girl who looks exactly like she is about to be an adult. And then there's the music. That's all it is. The music is so awful that I can hardly understand what's being said, but the girl on the soundtrack sings a song that is so boring that I wish I were deaf. There are two songs in the entire movie that I'm pretty sure weren't made by the same person. And that is a very bad movie. If you want a movie to have a good plot, don't watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total disappointment. I saw the trailers and I was expecting a comedy flick. But, I'm an adult and I can't take the film seriously. I can only give this movie a 1/10 rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't have the patience to explain the incoherence of the story, but it is so obvious that you just don't get it. I watched it and found it boring and unbelievable. It is really not worth watching to find out what happened in the previous part of the movie. It's not like you could be surprised by the ending. The story line is too weak to make any sense at all. You just feel like it was done for a joke, because there is no humor in it.  The characters were not even remotely believable. One thing I really hate about this movie is that you are supposed to care about them. But you really don't care about the characters. I was really confused. It was so obvious I didn't care. If you want to see a comedy, go to a movie like The Big Sleep. That's better.  It is not worth seeing. The first time I saw it I actually thought it was an episode of the Twilight Zone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is just one big, stupid joke that was not even funny, let alone funny, but I can't help but laugh every time I see it. The plot is so unbelievable that the only thing that can make it funny is the way they make the film.  They need to spend more time in editing and that's the only reason why I can see the film so bad. The dialog is so awkward that I'm guessing it was filmed in a bad, cramped location. It looks like a sketch show, with the dialogue, not the acting, which would have been a lot more entertaining if the movie had any personality.  It's not funny because it's not even that funny. The acting is OK, but not that great either. The actors are so obviously bored that they just do nothing. The script is so predictable and the plot so stupid that I could not even watch it with a straight face.  I think it's the worst film I've ever seen, especially the worst comedy of the year. It's just a big, empty waste of time. I can only recommend that you don't spend any money on it, because it will only make you miserable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this video of a man being raped by another man because I saw the title of the movie: "Loving a Good Man".  I didn't know what the title was until I saw it on IMDb and I am a fan of the "The Slut Shamer" series of movies. I was disappointed in how this movie turned out.  I felt the entire time that this was just another episode of "The Unslut".  The cast, crew, and production had no idea what the movie was really about. They didn't care that the movie wasn't a comedy at all. They were just trying to get a rise out of the viewer by making the sex scenes more graphic. The acting was horrible. The story was nothing but filler. And then there was the ending. The ending didn't make sense, and it was the worst ending I have ever seen in a movie.  If you are looking for a movie where the male lead has to have sex with the female lead in the final scene, I suggest you look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was in the theater last night and I thought the show was interesting and funny, but this show was just flat awful. I thought it was a waste of my time, but I guess it wasn't a waste. It is a good idea to spend a few hours on the Internet to see what other people think about these movies. This one was a disaster. If you don't mind the music in this movie, you can skip the whole show. If that's what you like, watch the music video instead.  I watched this movie in the early hours of the morning on a whim and didn't know what the heck I was watching. I guess I am a sucker for cheesy movies with an excessive amount of pop music.  The show was over by the time I had finished the first hour and 45 minutes. I would have spent an hour and a half watching the movie, but that would have taken too long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand how anyone could find this movie funny. This was like a slow motion Rocky Horror Picture with a few laughs. It was horrible. The acting was awful. I think it was about as good as Rocky Horror. I know there are fans out there who enjoy this kind of movie. I just don't like it. The plot is terrible. The only thing that worked was the songs. I don' t know why people like them. This movie was about a girl who had a strange relationship with her father and some people in her family thought that it was her father's fault. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Return of the Jedi" is the worst film I have ever seen. Not only does it have the same plot as the previous "Star Wars", it also has a story about a Jedi knight who dies after being shot and his spirit is taken by the evil Dark Lord, Darth Vader. In the story, the evil Darth Vader becomes the Knight of the Order. He has a "friend" who is a Jedi Knight named Obi Wan Kenobi who is trained in the ways of the Force, but is unable to control his powers. As the story progresses, this friend turns out to be a Jedi who is not allowed to use the Force at all, so he is sent to fight Vader. However, when the evil Vader finds out that his friend is a Sith, he decides to teach this Jedi to the ways he is supposed to.  The movie is very long and contains a lot of cheesy and silly scenes. The movie has one of the worst soundtracks I have heard in a movie, but at the same time, it has one the worst and most annoying sound effects I have seen in a long time. I have a hard time deciding how to rate this movie because I just can't stand the story and the acting. The only thing I can give it a 2.5 out of 10, which is a low rating, is the fact that it is a really long movie. But the movie is so badly acted that I can't rate it at all.   The only positive thing about this movie is that it was actually released in the U.S. and is available on video. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film and the director is a fan of a certain football player and it had a bad acting. And, this is the worst movie I've ever seen. I've seen so many bad movies but this is by far the worst. I was expecting a film with better acting. I thought the movie was about the bad things you do to yourself in your sleep. I saw all the people in the movie and it was the only time I've really felt sorry for the people who made it. I want to say, you should avoid this film if you want to have a good movie night, just avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was actually hoping for a decent horror movie this weekend, so I gave this movie a go.  But I can't recommend this movie. The acting is really awful, the plot is a total waste of time, and the effects are poor.  I didn't care for the movie at all, but I will say that it was good enough to earn an 'F' on my movie score. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the disappointing ending of the first movie, I was really hoping to see this movie again. The second movie was a complete disappointment. I have seen the first three movies, and enjoyed them immensely. I wanted to like this movie, but the ending was not what I had been expecting. I felt like I was watching a movie that had been written before, and had been made to fit in the movie. The acting was just plain awful.  I am sorry that I didn't see the second movie, and that I spent the rest of the day looking forward to it, and watching it over and over again. I was just disappointed that I wasted two hours of my life on watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is basically a story about two girls, a very bad script, and a bad performance from its main character, a girl named Jessica.  The girl in question, Jessica, has had the best of intentions throughout the entire movie. She wants to become a teacher, she wants to help kids, and she wants her friends to think of her as a positive person. Unfortunately, Jessica becomes a little mean, and that's just how the movie goes. Jessica becomes angry when she finds out that her boyfriend, Jake, had cheated on her. This is the first time that Jessica has ever cheated on anyone.  But then, the movie ends, and the story is left in the movie. The movie gets pretty predictable. The girls meet again and Jessica becomes upset because she thinks that Jake cheated on Jessica. She tells Jake that she is going to get a restraining order against him. Jake then gets a restraining Order, and Jessica gets a divorce.  So, it's pretty hard to believe that Jessica cheated on Jake. However, the idea that Jessica and Jake had sex was never presented in the film. The only way it could have been presented would have been in the form of a love triangle. The script did not even bother to hint at this. It's pretty obvious that the movie has a whole lot of issues.  As far as the script goes, the script is very predictable. It is also rather stupid. It was obvious that somebody wrote the script that way. The acting was OK, but the direction and editing were pretty terrible. There is a few interesting things about the movie, but nothing too exciting. It should have been at least a 1/10.  I don't recommend watching this movie. It isn't funny, the acting is very poor, and it's just plain boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is something very disconcerting about the fact that this film has been given a rating of "8" by the American Cinema Society of the Film Noir section. I know that this section exists but the film never made it to the list, and then when I checked the other film that has been in the same category, this one, I noticed that it had been given an "8".  I've seen better films and movies from the 1920s and 1930s, but this film just isn't even up to par. It just is not even a film to be watched at all.  The acting is atrocious and the plot doesn't even make sense.   I can understand that people might see this film and think it's funny but to think that the people who made this film were thinking that it was funny to make it into an 8 is absolutely ridiculous. The film is just a huge waste of time and it should not have been released at all, because it is just an insult to the members of the American Cinematograph Society. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. It's the worst, worst, and worst ever. It is so slow, so boring, so devoid of ideas, and so devoid from any plot or character development that it's almost impossible to even remember what the movie is about. I cannot believe that someone could waste the time watching this.  The plot is completely meaningless. The characters are so lifeless that they are basically just walking around with their backs to the camera and making faces. And the dialogue is so annoying that you have to actually sit down to watch it.  All of the actors look the same and act the same. It has no originality at all. This is a movie that was made by the director of "Troll 2" and that is the movie that I wish was never made.   The only good thing about this movie is that it is really hard to hate it. But the movie should be avoided at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really bad movie. It is so boring, it's really not funny.  It does have one redeeming feature, though, and that is the fact that it was directed by Tom Cruise. If you've seen him in "Magnolia", you know what you're getting.  I am not sure what kind of guy he is, but I don't think he's a movie star. His performance is pretty bland and a bit ridiculous.  Tom Cruise is the type of guy who will make a movie and just hope no one notices it. It's a shame he did this movie, but he's probably the worst director in recent memory. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a very, very low budget. In the first hour we get to see a few minutes of the beginning of the movie, in the second hour the whole movie is filmed in one shot and we never see it again. The characters never seem to have any purpose or motivation, the plot is so bad it's unbelievable. I mean, there's a scene in the beginning where a guy is running through the woods and he's about to kill some people and one guy gets up and says "Oh my god! We're gonna die!" and then he goes and stabs the other guy! How does that happen?!?! And then he stabs his brother! This movie is so low budget that they had to go to a special effect shop and buy the biggest truck to use in the movie. I don't even care if you look at the trailer, you can tell it was filmed in two days and edited together to make the movie look like it was made in less than six months. The actors are so bad and the dialogue is so awful that I was shocked to see them act in the scenes. If you're interested in seeing a movie that has a plot and interesting characters and you can enjoy the fact that the movie is really short and you're willing to endure some cheesy editing, then this is the movie for you. If not, just skip it and spend your money elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to seeing the sequel to this, but the acting was so horrible that I didn't want to see the sequel. It was really a shame that a film so low budget and so uninteresting was made for the sole purpose of selling a few DVD cassettes. The movie doesn't really have any story line to speak of. The story of the sequel was just the same as the first one, and even the characters were very predictable. The characters were so bland, it's difficult to tell who is being played by whom. The cast was bad and it was so boring that I couldn't care less what was going on. The film is so dull that I don't know what happened to the characters. The plot is too slow to get into and the plot holes were so big that I had to leave the room to avoid looking at the wall.  The whole movie is just boring and unnecessary.  It just isn't worth watching. The script is awful and the acting is awful.  This movie isn't interesting enough to have been made for any money.  If you want to waste your money on this movie, go ahead, but don't expect much. It's not worth watching for a single moment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing like the movie from the '60's when the film was so great. This film is so boring. I can't believe that it's even a comedy, because there is no humor. The acting is so bad and the plot is so dull. I've never been entertained by a movie like this one.  I have seen other movies where they were funny and this movie is the worst one I've seen.  The worst thing about this movie are the special effects. The way they made it was so boring and the look of the characters was so bad. It looked like an M-rated version of the "Saturday Night Fever".  There are so many scenes where you get no reaction. They had to have been in the dark because they didn't know what the movie was supposed to be. And then there was the time when they were shooting the blood.  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. You will hate it because you will never laugh at this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an uninteresting story with no real plot. The only thing that made this story interesting was the fact that there was a guy who would be in the middle of it and who would see his own death coming.  I mean really what happened to that guy? The only person in the whole movie that was interesting was that guy. He was the only one that was even remotely interesting. I can't believe that he would get killed off. I mean that's just not in his character. The rest of the movie was just meh. And the fact the guy in the movie dies at the end is just not a realistic thing. That is not something that a guy would do.  If you want to see something that is not like all the other movies in the genre. go see a really bad movie. Don't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few months ago I was asked if I had seen "The Devil's Advocate", and I replied "no", but since then I have seen it several times. I am shocked to see how badly it holds up today, especially the way it was presented. It was an embarrassment to watch it and I did not understand it at all.  The main character was a bit unbelievable. She seemed very bored and there was no reason for her to act in such a way.  It was not clear at all how to interpret what she was saying or what she wanted to achieve. I found the movie very boring and I would not recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I'm not a real horror fan, but this was a HORROR flick from the '80s, and I've seen this kind of thing way more often in the last decade or so. Second, I can't think of one other horror movie from the same time period that was as utterly predictable and boring as this one.  And third, I had the same reaction to it as I did to other movies from the era, namely "The Evil Dead" and "The Amityville Horror". This movie was so predictable, so predictable that I was afraid of the film when it first started, thinking it might be a sequel to "Evil Dead".  But no, it was nothing of the kind. This movie is nothing but a generic horror film, and that's why it failed to deliver anything memorable.  I did like the fact that it was directed by John Carpenter, and the fact it featured a female protagonist. But I didn't care about this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was sooooo bad it made me feel bad for the actors, the director and the producer. The acting was so bad, it made you wonder if this movie was made with the intention of making people laugh or making them cry. The story was so predictable that you could see this movie coming up again and again as the title suggests. It was the worst movie I've ever seen, I mean this is worse than the "The Last Movie". The movie is so, so bad that I can't really think how it could have been made.  The movie itself had no real plot or meaning, and it made no sense. I mean it had some plot elements, but I just didn't care. You can go ahead and say "It was just a comedy", but there's no way that movie could have ever been made without the help of the director or the producer, and they should have just said that.  If you want to see a movie where the actors were good, watch "The Adventures of Rocky & Bullwinkle", which is a much better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the best way to describe this movie is "Tina Fey's comedy is really awful". I was surprised that Tina Fey had a role in this film, and it turned out to be a bad idea. It is not a comedy at all.  Tina Fey's character, "Dorothy", is a very boring character who does not have much of an ego or sense of humor. She constantly makes mistakes in her "life". There are too many scenes where she is talking to a man and he is acting like a fool, and she is just talking back to him and telling him what she thinks. She has no sense of fun or personality. It was just a waste of time for me. The only thing I liked about this movie was the "babysitter" character played by Chris Gethard. It wasn't very funny, but I thought it was funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so, so bad. It's so, SO, SO SO, so so, much worse than the "Naked Cowboy" that I can't believe anyone ever thought this would be a good movie.  It's basically an attempt at a porno, and if that's what you want, I'll accept it. I don't have the patience to sit through the whole thing.  I can say, though, that if you're going to make a porn, you should be making a movie that makes sense and has at least three minutes of a good scene in it. And in this case, the whole film seems to have three minutes and forty-five seconds. I didn't even get to the end.   If you want to see naked people, then I suggest you go see "Nude Cowboy". If you're looking for a good, decent, well-directed, entertaining movie: I suggest "Nudist Cowboy". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My initial reaction to this movie was that it was a bit too far down the path of mediocrity. But I was also surprised to find that the movie was actually a sequel to "Sideways". So I assumed that this movie would be a little more amusing than "Saw", and that it would be just as predictable. And so I was hoping for some funny stuff, but the movie didn't deliver. There was a lot of unnecessary repetition and the script was incredibly dull. The plot didn't make sense, and the acting was terrible. The movie is definitely not worth watching if you don't like the original films, but if you like the series, you'll probably be bored and disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a real shame that this show is so bad, it just doesn't deserve to be on TV. It has the worst acting I've ever seen on TV, the worst plot and most ridiculous dialogue I've seen on television. I'm not sure what the point of this show was, and I'm going to be watching it again soon and I won't know what the plot was. The show is probably the only reason I was ever in the United States in the first place, because it made me feel like I was living there.  I would like to point out the one good thing about this show, the music! The music in the show is awful.   Oh and, there's some more crap on the DVD... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just as bad as the first film and in the same league as the third film, except for the fact that they were made by the same studio, which explains why it's much more enjoyable to see them on video. The story itself is very weak, as is the acting and even the writing.  A sequel is just a waste of time. I can only give it 3/10, the lowest score possible. It's not even worth watching, but you could just enjoy it for the sake of someone else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the early 80's there was a real buzz in Hollywood about a new breed of film. These were'realistic' pictures, where the actors were not only the stars but also the directors, the sets were real (even the toilets were made up) and the music was, well, actually, music. Unfortunately, this trend did not last and most of the movies that we consider'realist' movies ended up with a terrible ending. The most recent example of this is the 'The Crow', which ended with the main character being eaten alive by a vulture. I've always thought that it would have been a great movie if it ended with a killer bird.  The fact that the movie was so badly done, it's not even worth bothering trying to watch it again.  If you want to see a realist movie, see "The Elephant Man" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes for this movie when I saw the synopsis and I was not disappointed. However, it did not meet my expectations. The story was predictable, it was poorly written, the story was not believable, the ending was ridiculous, and it didn't make sense.   I gave this movie 2 out of 10 because I thought that it would have been a good movie, but it was just awful. If you want to see a movie that is predictable and has a ridiculous ending, watch this movie. It will be a disappointment for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was alright, I guess. I can't say anything negative about it, it just seemed to drag. It's just too boring. I guess you can't expect much from a TV show on the History channel.  But I did like the music, and that was mostly due to the fact that they did the "Romeo & Juliet" theme song in Italian.  It's a waste of time, and the acting is just awful. I wouldn't be surprised if it were a Disney show.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the name of Allah, the most beautiful of all the bounties, I hereby challenge all those who are not Muslims to watch this film and come to a conclusion, for the sake of all those that will suffer in the future, that the film is not a Muslim film.  The plot is boring, the plot is predictable and the plot does not even have any semblance to being a Muslim.  This film is the epitome of the "movies" that you see in your favorite theatres and the only thing that makes this film a worthy candidate for the "dreaded" tag is the presence of a few actors that are, in fact, Muslims. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was the worst movie I've ever seen. It was awful. The acting was terrible, the plot was completely incoherent, the characters didn't make any sense, there was no direction, and most of the actors were so awful I thought they were actors playing their own characters.  I mean, there's a great story here, but the actors (all but the one female lead) weren't good enough to sell it.  Also, I didn't like the way the movie ended. I mean the end wasn't a happy ending, but a really disappointing ending for the movie. I wish I could've liked it better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film, and its producer, are so completely devoid of any real emotion that it is easy to disregard the film as just a glorified porno. The film lacks even the smallest trace of originality or talent. This is not to say that the film was a waste of time or anything, but this is not a good way to watch pornography.  If the film could have contained one redeeming quality, it would have been the "Bikini Bar" sequence. That was something that I actually liked about the film--a woman in a bikini being totally exposed in a sauna--but that sequence is nowhere near the best parts of the film.  Overall, it is a terrible waste of your time--and I am not being mean about the title--but you shouldn't waste your time on this film. If you want a porno film with a decent cast, some originality and some emotion, look at a John Holmes or a Fred DeWitt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really don't know how to react when a movie like this is made. But I guess I will just give it a chance. This movie is about a man (played by the actor known as the 'Mr. G' in the movie) who, after the death of his daughter (played here by a person named 'Nellie'), decides to live in the woods with his son, his sister, his niece, and his nephews. His son, the younger brother of the nephews, is a bit off, and he wants to become a hunter.  The rest of the family is pretty much gone by now, but they do visit regularly and are very nice to him. The movie does not make a lot of sense. First, the kid's father is not the father of the child's son. The father had been a farmer, but then he was a farmer again and the family went to the mountains. After they killed their own father, they decided to go back to the old farm and start a new life there. They don't really know what's going on, but it is not shown in the beginning. After the grandfather's death, the old man's son and the son's cousin become the real owners of the farm, and the movie starts off with the father's death. So the movie is really about the dad's father dying and the old family is still alive.  However, we never see any of the people in the family's old house. We are not shown the old house, only the old neighbors' houses. It's not even clear if the house was really there or just a real house in the forest. We only know that it was real. The rest are pretty much dead and we just see their corpses on the way to the funeral house. They all are in their old clothes and it is a little too late to have a proper funeral.  And so, after their deaths, the family stays in the old old house that was left there by the grandfather. It is only mentioned that the house has been there for 30 years and has been used by the deceased people to store their dead bodies. There is no mention of how they have lived there for years. We do know that the family has died and the whole family goes back to their old house because the grandfather does not want to stay there anymore. The grandfather's family lives in the house for 30 more years.  Then, when the grandfather dies, he is buried in
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film about an apparently harmless trip to a remote mountain peak, this has no real plot and the acting is painfully weak. And that's despite being the only decent film in the "Hippo-Hater" trilogy (I would like to add that the film itself is not as terrible as it looks.) However, it has some of the most annoying moments of any film I've ever seen. The film is so ridiculously predictable that it's almost laughable. For example, a character is in love with a hippo and they fall in love.  This movie is a very, very bad idea for what it's supposed to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of the movie was interesting, but the execution was completely inept. The movie is a complete mess of plot holes, bad acting, bad jokes and a horrible story about a bunch of characters that were all completely uninteresting to anyone who would even attempt to enjoy them.  A good movie requires the viewer to pay attention to what is happening and to not jump to conclusions. A bad movie forces the viewer's attention to where it was going to be anyway, and that just ruins the movie. The script is awful, the actors have no talent, and the story is so bad that it would probably take a person with very little patience to sit through it. It's just plain boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not one for movies with no plot or story, but this one really just felt like a long and unnecessary and confusing ride. Even though there were some funny moments, there wasn't much to the story. I did like the music, but not as much as the visuals. There were no effects to speak of, and the acting was at worst mediocre. The ending left me wondering what exactly happened. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My impression of this film was "a waste of time". The acting was absolutely horrendous. No character development, no story. I was shocked when the film was over. The acting in general was horrendous. The actors were so one dimensional that I felt like I was watching a bad cartoon. The story itself was awful, with a very shallow ending.  It was not funny or engaging. The writing was a bit dull, but not bad. It was just plain bad. The special effects were terrible. The effects and lighting were so low budget that it looked like the actors had a very difficult time filming scenes. The cinematography was awful. The camera movements were so slow that they gave me the impression that they were not even trying to be cinematically effective. The film was a complete waste of everyone's time and money.  If you are a fan of old sci-fi, you might like this, but you will most likely not enjoy it.  This film is a total waste of money and time. It is a shame that we waste our time on this kind of film. I do not recommend this film to anyone who has no interest in science fiction. If you like this kind, just enjoy it on the rare occasion when the script and direction do not completely lack in quality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was made to attract people to the movie and make it to be "cool" or whatever. The plot was completely stupid and it was very predictable and boring. I mean there was nothing interesting to say about it, the movie was so predictable and so boring.  A lot of people think it was good. It was only a 3/10. It had the biggest problem being the sound effects. It sounded so terrible that I actually thought that they made the sound effect from a movie that was about a person in the movie. It's a waste of money and time. I would give it 1/10 if I could. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know if it was just me or the show was terrible but I had to turn it off and watched it again and again. There were so many scenes I couldn't follow the plot. And the movie didn't make any sense. I kept watching the show and trying to figure out what was happening and what was going to happen. I don`t understand why they even bothered making this movie. If I were a normal person I would think they would have made the movie a little better and cut down on the acting. And if they wanted to make a movie about a small town, I would expect them to make it into an adult film. The whole thing was like watching a middle school movie. It was just boring and I felt like I was watching a bunch of idiots talking to each other on the screen.  There were times when they didn't even mention the movie and it seemed like it was completely irrelevant to the story. That was just not a movie I would have wanted to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the story very difficult to understand, the movie was very boring and I felt it was just too much work to understand what was happening, the plot was really convoluted, the characters were too stupid to be believable, the acting was terrible, the storyline was really confusing. The actors in the movie didn't seem to be able to act at all, they were so overacting, and the story was too confusing to understand. I did not like this movie at all. It was just so boring, I couldn't understand what the movie is about and I was completely bored. I really wish they would've made this movie into a series or an animated series instead of just a short film.  The music was OK but the soundtrack was really bad. The sound track was not that good, it sounded like a CD was playing over the sound of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so poorly made that it's impossible to tell what's actually happening without the film playing backwards. The story is just too long and boring. The acting is terrible, the special effects are not believable, and the cinematography is so ugly and uninteresting that it might as well be called "The Last Supper." The film is simply a bunch of old people talking to a young man.  The director had a lot of ideas, and perhaps some of them could have been interesting. I just didn't care to see them, and it's a shame to have spent so much time watching this mess of a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really the worst movie I've seen. There are no surprises, no plot twists, nothing to keep us interested.  It is the story of a man who goes on a rampage and murders a group of people who were not his victims. It is so weak that it's funny at times, but at other times it is so sad and horrible that I have no idea why anyone would want to see this. The story is a total waste of time. The movie is a joke and I would advise anyone not to waste their time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film on DVD and watched it the next day, and after I finished watching it I couldn't wait to read the negative review. I don't even know what to say to it. It's not funny, it's not exciting, it doesn't have a plot, it is just boring. It is a waste of time for anybody who isn't interested in it, unless they really enjoy watching the film for no reason. If you are going to do this, at least read the "review" section at the beginning and maybe skip the entire "special thanks" section. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like gore, you probably won't like this movie. It's a comedy but there's no funny moments. The characters are so bland that it makes you wonder what they're doing in the first place. The plot is so flat and predictable that you'd think it was a straight to DVD movie, but then it gets worse and worse. I can only give it 2 out of 10. It made me laugh once, and I was very sad to see it get worse and the only thing I laughed at was the title song, which is a pretty lame tune by Elle King. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie looks like it was made in an hour or two by some unknown college kids, but the footage looks amateurish. It lacks a sense of scale. It has too many amateur actors (including a few that aren't even that good) to create an interesting and believable story. And it's so obviously poorly directed and written that it comes across as a desperate attempt at a teen movie.  There are no good moments in this movie. The dialogue, however, is decent and the acting is below average (at best).  The plot is a complete disaster. The characters are shallow and unlikable. The story is flat and pointless. This movie is so terrible that it should be rated a 1 out of 10. It's a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has absolutely nothing to do with the game and in fact, the game itself does not even come up once during this film.  There is no real story line for the film, there is just one really bad plotline involving the "unholy trinity" that we all know so well. The rest of the cast is so terrible, that you may as well be watching a movie that was made in 30 minutes, instead of one that took over two hours to make. And the only good part about this movie is the fact that you get to see a really awful movie about a really, really bad game, which I would never watch anyway. The plot has absolutely no redeeming qualities and the story line does not have any semblance of logic or logic at all. The story line about the "Unholy Trinity" has some semblance of truth, but the rest of it is so far out of place, that the whole film feels completely unbelievable. The whole film seems like it was made by an 8 year old, and was not even put together in one go, but was created as it were in an attempt to create a story line. The game is so poorly written, and so poorly made, that it is actually a bad game that will just make you wonder why they made a movie about it, if you are so lucky as to have actually seen it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I've seen this movie three times now, but I think it was the first time when I saw it.  It is absolutely terrible. I am sure I could find something better than this. I was actually annoyed at first, but then I saw how the movie is going to make people buy the movie. I don't even want to buy the DVD. The only good thing is that it's made by Warner Bros. They don't do this kind of garbage, but they will buy it. I would like to say that I've heard the story of this movie, but the movie wasn't that good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw the title of this film I thought it was the worst film ever made. It was only later on that I noticed that this movie was only 1 hour and 10 minutes long. That was a huge surprise. The acting was terrible. The movie was filled with awkward and boring scenes and there was no real action or fight scenes. The story is terrible, the characters were poorly drawn and the plot was just plain lame. I really don't know how anyone could have the courage to sit through this film. There is a chance you might see it, but the chances are really low. This movie was just awful. It's probably the worst movie ever made, if you want to see something really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very predictable and extremely predictable movie. It's like the original, except without the original. In fact, it's worse.  First off, it was made in 1993, when it was more likely to be considered a masterpiece. In the original it was, and even in this remake it's not as bad as the original was. In this one, it could have been a masterpiece if it weren't for the terrible acting and story line. The story line in the remake is very predictable, and that's the only reason I give this movie 4/10.  The whole movie was really boring, and the script had a very cliche feel to it.  It's really unfortunate that a remake is being made of this terrible movie. I would have avoided it if it wasn't such a terrible remake. It is an insult to the original and the fans.   I guess that the director is a huge fan of the original movie. This is the first remake that has not been made with the same goal in mind.  This is not an original, it isn't even a good remake. The original was so much better than this one. I really hope the director of this movie has a heart of gold. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First time watching a movie: I watched this movie because I wanted to see if the director knew how to film and edited. But no, he didn't. He didn't even know how to make a movie. He made a trailer of it and let it go.  I saw it once in the trailer, and then again after watching the trailer. But after watching it again, I found it more confusing and boring than anything else.  It was like a TV pilot with terrible dialog and terrible acting. The acting was terrible. The directing was horrible. I just wanted to go back to the trailer and see if they could do any better. But that was never going to happen.  This movie has nothing to do with movies. It's just a waste of time.  The only reason I watched it again was because I saw the trailer again and I wanted more of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand how anyone can enjoy this movie. There are many jokes that have nothing to do with the story. And then there are the characters. There's the evil doctor, who is a little scary. But he's so out of character, I can't figure out why.  And then it gets worse. The plot is ridiculous. It's so stupid. The characters act so stupid that it's not funny. And there's no direction. And the ending was stupid. It felt like I was watching a video game. And it wasn't that bad, but I can tell it's far from a fun movie.  It's also a waste of money. The movie has no real action, and no real comedy. The only thing this movie has going for it is that it has a few people who are so desperate for money that they'll make any movie that will pay them.  I give it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the opening credits, we were led to believe the film was about a young woman who is attacked by a man who wants to know the secrets of the house of the woman he is stalking. After a brief opening montage of the girl, we saw that the man was actually a male who had killed his wife and two sons and kept them captive. As the woman was held captive by the male, we see the man's hands tied behind his back and his eyes locked on a photo of the dead woman and her family. After that we saw a lot of people talking in the movie and what we saw was never mentioned again.  I gave it 3/10 because of all the problems, the acting and the plot. I was hoping the film would have at least 2 or 3 decent scenes in it. I really feel bad for all the actors and actresses. It is an absolute waste of time, effort and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has so much potential to be one of the worst movies ever, and it is not even worth mentioning in a negative manner. But, I'm just a little disappointed because the plot is pretty bad and I was expecting something else. The acting was also really bad. I'm not a big fan of the original (I think it's pretty decent), but I think this one really missed the mark. There was a really big gap between the story and the acting. If you are a fan of anything at all, you probably won't like this movie, but I'm giving it a 1/10. If this is your first time seeing a bad horror movie, I advise you to stay away. If it is your second or third time seeing this movie...well, you have to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like the idea of the show, but this movie is very predictable and not worth watching. The only positive point is the opening song, which is great, but there are some very bad parts throughout. I think it is one of the worst movies ever made. I really want to like this show, and just wish it was better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a bad idea to make a movie with the name "The Dukes of Hazzard". It is obvious that the director never had any respect for the original "Hazzard", the characters, or the idea of the TV series.  The original was a fun adventure with the characters of a bunch of kids, with lots of action and a lot of laughs. "The Duke of Hazards" is a poor imitation of that original, except for the fact that it features the main character and the plot of the original. The action sequences are poor, and the jokes are laughable.   If you like to laugh at the idea that someone would go around beating up people and throwing bombs at cars, you will not find a better movie for you to see.  I give this movie a rating of 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of people sitting around a table trying to get the perfect movie: This movie was pretty mediocre.  This movie had so many plot holes, and so many things that I'm pretty sure you couldn't even get away with making it up. One of the problems was that there was no way to connect anything. The movie would end with people looking at each other and saying "I know what I'm doing, this isn't supposed to end..." Then it would start again with the next person, and you would watch these people trying to make it to the end of the movie and fail miserably. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has no redeeming qualities. It's a shame as there are a couple of decent characters, but the plot is nothing to write home about and the acting is so painfully flat and dull. I really dislike these films for what they're supposed to be. It appears they just have no idea what they are doing. I would have liked the film to have been a bit more original. This film is a complete waste of time and I'm sick of watching this crap.  I would recommend not watching this film as it's a total waste of your time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie, and it was not enjoyable. I had to keep watching the trailer to keep myself from laughing. This is not a good movie at all, especially for an 8/10 rating. It's a comedy and there is no humor to be found in the script or the acting. I was so angry and frustrated at the end that I almost broke the movie. I didn't know what the movie was supposed to be about, and I kept going to the end and waiting for the joke to be delivered. It never came. I felt like I was watching the movie with the audience.  The movie was full of cheesy jokes, and the acting was terrible.  This movie has nothing to offer, save for some fun at the beginning. This movie is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is absolutely horrendous. I'm not sure why this film was made in the early 1980's. The actors and camera crew didn't do a good job at making the film look good.  The dialogue is boring, and it's too long. It's not funny at all. The film is really bad. The acting is not good either. It takes a long time to get the story to progress.  Some of the characters are not that well written. I would have been better off with something else.  I'm very disappointed to have spent my money on this film. The director of this film should be ashamed of himself. It was really a waste of money.  This movie is nothing but a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of the action scenes and some of the character development just doesn't make sense.  The movie isn't bad, just a disappointment. It's a total disappointment that the producers would waste a few minutes of screen time to make the film look better.  For a director with such a reputation, I'm surprised that this was even made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is so bad. The story, in itself, is completely pointless. The script is completely unfunny. The acting is horrible. It looks like a low budget video made of a poorly edited tape. I've seen it twice now. It's just so boring. The only good thing about this movie is that it has a really cute dog! I'm not sure how I could have missed that. This film is so awful that I don't know what to say about it. I'm giving it 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is an absolute mess. I thought the film was interesting, but it's just not enough to make it worthwhile.  The film is really boring and very predictable. There are some funny bits, but the film is too slow and doesn't really move anywhere. It could've been a lot better. The ending is just silly. I just don't understand how they could come up with such a lame, predictable, and pointless film.  I give it a 1/10. I'm sure some people will love this film, but I think it's a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is very bad. The story doesn't make sense. The action scenes are just plain boring. The characters are poorly developed. I didn't care for any of the actors or actresses in this movie.  The story is just so predictable and unbelievable that I could have written a negative movie review about it. If you are a fan of Michael Bay movies you will not enjoy this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm surprised to see such a review from a person who actually enjoys these movies. I found this movie to be a complete waste of time and money. It had nothing to do with the series and was just an attempt at a 'horror' movie. There was no suspense, no scares, no action, and the acting was so amateurish that it's hard to believe that this was anything but a quick and poorly directed job. I really thought that there would have been something more to the plot if the writers had stuck to the series, but even though I don't know if there was any.  I can only assume that the producers had a lot to do before this movie came out and decided to go with the most common storyline of the series - one woman kills another and she kills herself.  Even the most devoted horror fans will be disappointed by this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that this movie was a waste of time and should have been left in the dark ages, as this movie does not even have any semblance of story, characters, and plot, the only thing it has is a plot and the fact that it was made in the 80's, the period of most low budget, low-budget movies. The only thing that makes this movie even remotely entertaining is the music and the acting, but both of these things are totally out of place. I mean, you get the idea.  I also really dislike the use of cell phones and the way they are used, especially the way that the phones are used in this movie, but that aside, I think it's a really stupid movie.  Oh, and the soundtrack sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't really know why people are watching this garbage and if I did, I would be in complete disbelief. The script is completely unbelievable. The acting is so bad that you would think the director had a brain the size of the planet and could see the actors acting through their eyes and not through their brains. I know that it is impossible for people to actually get over a bad script, but this was a bad attempt. I think the writer, Michael McKean, is either not as smart as his name suggests or the script was written so badly that even the worst of the actors can still make a decent movie.  The plot is extremely stupid. You see a lot of people get killed, but I don''t understand how the killer is even able to kill so many people without them getting up and coming after him. He has no idea what he is doing and there is no reason to believe he is not a psychopath. I would like to say the script is so ridiculous, that the movie could be considered a comedy, but that would be stretching the definition of the word. I can understand the feeling that people get when they are watching an awful movie like this, but for once, give a person the chance to see a movie that is actually bad and you won''t regret it.  If you want to see some of the most awful movies ever made, go out and buy the "Shall We Forget" DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a terrible acting, terrible script, awful directing and just plain boring.  It is not a good horror movie because it lacks a plot. If you are looking for a horror movie that is really scary, this is not the movie for you. This movie just is not scary.  You have a chance of seeing the film in a theatre if you want to see a movie that scares, but you have to pay for it. If it is a home video, it will probably be worth more than a few dollars, but unless you are a collector, you will probably get your money back.  The only thing good about this movie is that it has a very odd title. "Rapture" sounds like a movie title, but the movie itself is about a man who has gone insane and becomes a serial killer. If that is what you want, go for it, but be warned, this movie will be about a thousand times more boring.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing "The Man With the Blue Eye" and "The Devil's Son," I was convinced that the director was insane. This film is a complete waste of time. There are no monsters, no monsters' parents, no real action, and the film is actually rather boring. The best part is when the characters are talking on a street corner.  I thought this was an attempt at a horror film, but failed miserably. If you want to see monsters, you can watch "The Cabin in the Woods" or "Hell House." Both of these films have far better monsters and are far more entertaining than this film. The characters are too stupid to be believable. And the film's finale is just stupid. There is no suspense or excitement, the ending is predictable, and even the characters' motivations are not really clear. The movie could have been made with better directing and script. The film is just boring, and a waste of your time.  It really is not worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had just finished watching this horrible film, and the title was an interesting choice, and that the story is based on a book, I found it very difficult to imagine a movie based on the novel, let alone a film adaptation of the book.  The story starts out very promising, but when it's over, I simply couldn't believe how it ended. I found the main character and the main storyline quite predictable, and as a result I found myself in the position of feeling very sorry for the director. He's not even a great director, but he made a film that would have been a lot better had he not spent a whole year of time on it.  This is a film with absolutely no story and barely any idea to begin with, it just tries to be all things to all people, and it really doesn't make a lot of sense at all. The acting is just horrendous, the story seems to have been written by someone who knows nothing about the book, and I really can't believe the fact that this movie has a rating of "R" because it's a total disaster.  If I had to give it an "A" then I would give it a D, but I don't think the film would have got anywhere near the "A-" rating. I just don't see any reason to watch this film at all, and even if I did, it would just be a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea was really interesting and interesting, but the execution was so bad that the whole movie felt like a waste of time.  And the fact that it was a movie where the main character is actually a psychopath who goes insane because of his insane, twisted mind made me even more angry at the director. The movie was about the murder of a couple of people and a weird and creepy woman who is somehow related to the main killer. The only thing I can say is that the movie is interesting in its concept and the killer, but it doesn't work at all.  The movie just has a very cheesy feel to it. There was some sort of a plot in the movie, but I'm not sure what exactly it was. The killer was supposed to kill the couple of his victims because he didn't want to kill his father, the director said that the killer didn't like his father's mother. It just seems like the killer's obsession is that he wants to kill everything. The story is so far from being worth a movie, the story is about a serial killer and a serial murderer. There is no logic or logic in the story. The killers are so uninteresting and the movie should be about the killer and not the victims.  A 10/10 would be a bit more interesting. I would give this movie a 2 out of 10, but a 10/20 would be even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the film: 1) A couple of guys, who are really big fans of football, decides to visit a movie theatre and rent the movie: The Big Lebowski, for their amusement. But after watching the movie, one of the guys gets very drunk and starts to argue with the other guy about the movie. And after some time, the guy starts to fight with his girlfriend, because the guy doesn't like her and the girl wants to see the movie again, and the guy just doesn't want to see her anymore. The guy then throws the movie into the dumpster. And the movie is thrown into the garbage. And when the guy throws it into the trash, the garbage truck is in the truck, and it starts to roll and the movie falls over. And there is no way to stop the movie because the truck is full of garbage and there are tons of rats and bugs. After the movie ends, the movie starts to play again, but it starts with no music and no sound, but after the guy gets drunk again, it starts playing again, in the same way, and plays like it was at the beginning. The movie ends when the movie stops playing, because there are so many rats and the garbage has to be moved. But when the guys come back to the cinema and watch the movie on the DVD, they just didn't know what to do, because they were so drunk and drunk, and because they couldn't stop watching the DVD and watching the garbage again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made for the sole purpose of making a few bucks. It's not a bad flick by any means, but the only thing that made it worth watching was the fact that the story was so ridiculous. For a movie with an hour and forty-five minutes of running time, the story had almost no depth whatsoever. The whole thing just felt rushed and made no sense. I thought the director did a good job of keeping the plot moving, but it just felt like the story just ran out of steam. The film seemed like it was trying to do a bunch of different things at once and all of it fell flat. If you want a movie that makes you laugh at the ridiculousness of it, I guess that's your movie. I would advise against watching it, but if you do decide to watch it, try to ignore the fact you're watching a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just finished watching this film and I'm really sad about it. It's so poorly acted and filmed that I'm almost tempted to stop watching and watch it again. I mean, how can an actor, even if it's one of the best actors in the world, have such an amateurish performance in a film? It's like when you watch a really bad movie and you can't help but feel sorry for the person who made it. This film is so amateurish, so unprofessional, and so uninspired that it makes a bad impression on me. I guess if you've never seen a movie before and you don't care about a good movie, I guess you might enjoy this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can honestly say that I never found myself more than halfway through this movie before it started to bore me. It is truly a shame that a movie that is supposed to be a comedy, should have so little in common with the original Star Wars films. Even the name of the movie sounds so innocent that I cannot imagine why it could not be funny.  I just found it difficult to suspend disbelief. In my opinion, the original trilogy was just plain funny. This is not. I found myself laughing a couple of times during the movie. It was just that the script was so uninteresting. The acting was, at best, not good. It seemed that they could have gotten more out of the script, if they had been allowed to write. They could have done a couple more funny scenes and made the movie a little more enjoyable. But, instead, they wasted time writing out a bunch of lame jokes that were not funny at all. The only saving grace was that the music was good. But even then, it did not help at all because it was so repetitive and so uninspired.  The movie was so boring, I felt that I was watching the original films, not the movie they made for the movie theatre.  It should have been called "Wasted Time and Bad Music". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, at least it tried to be entertaining. But unfortunately the acting was not good. And the humor was not that funny. The only thing that was funny was the fact that the people were being killed off.  If I had to rate it, it would have to be one or ten. And if it were only the acting that was so bad I would have given it a one.  And if the humor wasn't so funny, it might have been worth a try. But it isn't funny and the acting wasn't bad, so I'm giving it a zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I want to say that I'm a very big fan of the show "Arrested Development". I don't know what happened to it, but it was one of my favorite shows in the past 10 years. That show, however, has gotten progressively worse and worse over the years, to the point where I'm wondering if I've gotten a brain tumor. Now, I don''t know if this is just a coincidence, or if this show is actually an old man's dream. This is a really bad show, which I can't believe anyone was even considering to make a movie about it. The cast is absolutely awful, and the movie looks terrible. The opening scene is ridiculous. And the ending... well, it's the worst movie I've ever seen.  I've never been a fan of anything that's been made after "Arrow". This movie is so completely awful that I couldn't even see the credits. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought that this film was a lot better than it actually was. It looked amazing on the big screen, but when you watch it on the tiny screen it looks like it was made for kids. There were so many plot holes and holes I couldn't believe that the director had made this movie. The first thing that I noticed when watching this film on the small screen was the music. It sounded like someone had taken a bunch of guitars and played them in a way that was not normal. The music was so bad that I would normally listen to it on my CD player, but I wouldn't even bother to try it on a video. I also found the characters' voices to be annoying, especially the main character.  I wish that I could say that I liked this film, because it looked so good on the screen, except for the ending. The ending was just awful. I mean, it was really bad. I actually saw it on DVD when it was available, but it wasn't even worth watching. The actors weren't even in character. The last half hour was basically a giant cliffhanger.  The worst thing about this film is that it was filmed in 3 different countries, and the movie is a lot shorter than the one that I saw in Australia. The movie was filmed so slow that I thought it had been done on a giant video recorder and then edited to look like a DVD.   I can't believe anyone would actually give this movie 4 out of 10. If you're watching it, don't. You'll waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off slow, but gets worse and worse as it goes on. The script is predictable, and the plot is predictable too. The movie could have been a fun ride, but instead the plot line keeps getting derailed, and no one ever seems to find the end. It gets so bad that the movie actually ends up feeling like a waste of time. There's no story arc at all, and nothing really connects the characters together.  Even when the story line does connect, it's not the best way to do it. This movie was supposed to be a comedy, and this film falls short of that promise.  I gave it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of a "slum" movie has always intrigued me. It is just an excuse for poor writing. What I want to say is, I want a movie with the best story line, but one that actually manages to be boring and has to be seen in 2 minutes or less. This film just doesn't do that.  The best story in this film was about a girl who was a prostitute and used her powers for evil. She had to find her way home to her father. I think that's more believable. It's also not much more exciting. The movie is a bit dull, but if you want to see a "bad" movie, just stay away from this one.  I give it a 4 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie looks like a poorly made parody of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" with a few additions. The script is weak and the acting is below par for the standards of the era. The actors, in particular, are laughable. There is not much to be said about "The Last Picture Show", but if you are looking for something to watch, don't waste your time watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely horrible.  The script was awful, the story was horrible, and the acting was horrible. Even though the movie is not bad, it should have been an 8.  A couple of the actors are quite good, but the rest of them are really terrible. The reason why I gave this movie a 1 rating is because the movie was worth watching. However, it was so horrible that it made me feel like I had wasted 10 hours of my life.  I guess if you want to see a movie with a really bad script and horrible acting, this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was terrible, and the actors were completely ineffective. I just thought the movie sucked because the actors didn't seem to have any idea what they were doing. I was hoping the script would have some decent story, but that wasn't the case.  The movie was slow and boring.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just awful. It's very hard to believe that it was actually a real film, that the director had actually made a movie. I am not a film buff and don't understand how this guy got into the industry. I mean, he has to be able to create films. If he cannot, then it's a good sign.  The whole thing was a waste of time, and I can't understand what they thought they were doing. You see all these cool things happening, and then suddenly the guy decides to make a movie about a bunch of people.  Maybe if they had gone a different direction, it could have been a better movie. Maybe.  If they were going to do a real movie, they could have done it as a one act play. This is a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was no plot, no stakes, and only two or three characters that made sense. I was looking for something more than a bunch of random people being chased by a bad villain, but the movie simply made no sense. It wasn't even a chase movie!  The only reason the movie was worth watching was because of the actors' performances. The two female characters were so bad and boring that I actually thought the whole thing was a comedy! I'm really sorry if you watched this movie, but I can't recommend it unless you're a comedy fan. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't get past this film. I can only say that I really wish I had watched it before it came out. I know the show is based on the book, so it was supposed to be the most exciting show. But, the writers of this film just ruined the book by taking all the fun out of it. It's just not fun to watch when you're reading a book. There are plenty of fun moments, but it's just plain boring. I thought it was just too long. I didn't understand how the writers were thinking that they could make it funny. It was just an awkward mess of a film that was too long to understand what was going on.  I also can't understand why the writers made all the characters so fat and ugly. The actors were not good at acting. I don't know if they used real actors or actors with some makeup on. It just seemed like the actors were playing themselves.  Overall, the film is just a waste of time. It does not deserve to be in a movie theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a typical low budget "drama", filled with boring dialog and no plot. It was an idea to use the real-life story of a young man who gets killed, but there was no story behind the whole movie.  This is a pity because there was a good script in the first movie. But it was lost in the editing.  The actors did not even try to act the way the story called for.  So, if you want to see a real-looking movie - don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an unfortunate waste of time. I give it 2 out of 10. The acting was terrible and I was expecting more from the writers. The story was predictable. The only thing I can praise was the visuals. It looked like the whole thing was made out of paper mache. I really thought the idea of this movie was awesome until I saw the credits and realized it was just a glorified promo for a bad remake of "The Last Ride". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie that has no plot, no characters, and nothing but some poorly shot and edited footage from the 1980's, it's just a lot of footage of old movies. This was a cheap way to sell a movie but I guess it worked.  I was not too sure what I was watching, this is just a bunch of old films. It was fun to see old movies but I just think the only good movie I've ever seen is when you see old movie clips in a movie theater. I wish they had cut out the sound and video that came from the DVD.   I just don't understand how anyone could have made this film. This movie should have been called "The American Dream of Old Movies". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is very low in quality. It is so low that I think I could be in the movie with the crew members and they would be saying, "Wow, I really made a lot of money making this film". I can only assume the film was made in a cheap hotel room and it was so low budget, it had no budget. That is the reason I am not rating this film a "2/10".   This is a horrible film that should not be on any movie rating scale. It should not have been made, it should have been at least 10/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed in the lack of any of the characters to grow or develop throughout the movie. It's so hard to care for any character. It seems like the writers forgot the movie was about a small family that needs to keep it together for the sake of their kids. That's all I have to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the first two films in this trilogy (The Phantom, Part 1 and Part 2) I was quite pleased to finally get to see the finale of the trilogy. I thought it would be a really neat little film to end this trilogy.  Unfortunately, the ending was not nearly as cool as I thought. This film is really a disappointment. I did like the idea of the whole series. I do not understand how anyone can see this movie and not be convinced that it is terrible. I don't know if it was a fluke or if this is the only film that was ever made for a bad idea.  I don' t think the makers of this movie realize that they have made a huge mistake and should be fired immediately. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a major disappointment. You really can't blame them for that. A movie made by a studio in Korea that is not really known for producing movies is usually a good idea, but this one falls way below expectations. In a bad way. It has nothing to do with Korea, except for the title of the movie.  There is not a single good scene in this movie. The actors are completely useless and the plot is extremely confusing. It would be a good movie if it was directed by a well-known director. Unfortunately, it is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a waste of time. The only thing that I liked was the fact that it was filmed in the "real" world. In this world, all of the characters seemed to have very limited interactions with other people.  I had to watch the entire movie twice just to get through it.  The movie is not funny, it is not scary, it's just plain boring.  This is not a bad film, but it is a bad excuse to watch a bad horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame that the movie has to be considered one of the worst movies of the year. It's not really that bad; it just has very low quality visuals and a very low budget. The acting is okay but it's all about the story, not the visuals. There are some funny scenes in it, but in general the movie isn't that good.  The only thing that saved the movie was the fact that the plot is very weak, so it's almost a joke at times.  I really hope that some of the guys at Disney and Marvel Studios will give it a chance. I've never seen anything so bad that they had to give it away for free. I can't believe that they were willing to give away such a movie for free! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a really bad premise. You know what a movie with a really stupid premise is? It's a movie about a guy who is trying to get a woman pregnant so that he can have a child. The woman is a prostitute and the dude wants her to sleep with him. He can't sleep with anyone else because he's too cheap to pay her.  In this movie the lady gets pregnant because the guy doesn't pay her enough. She is the bad guy. The dude is the good guy. In this case, the guy is the real bad guy and the lady is the best guy. This movie is just stupid. There's no plot to speak of. The only thing that keeps this movie together is the "pregame" scene where the lady meets the dude and she's having sex with him, then the dude goes on to the bad movie and that's where the movie is supposed to be.  I just think that the director is a bad director because he didn't really care about making a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a waste of money. A movie about a guy who wants to be a vampire, but isn't, and a girl who's a vampire who wants him to be one. How could it get worse? There's only one thing worse than this, and that's when a girl turns into a vampire.  It's not a movie, it's a series of events that happen in the movies.  The plot is weak, the acting is terrible, and the movie ends in a bad ending. The only thing that's good about this is the special effects. But even then, I'd rather see a horror movie that has a more competent, competent director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A big hit at the end of the 1980s with some of the best supporting cast ever, "Shrek" is a movie about a bunch of dwarves, a dragon, and a knight. It's got a great title and a decent cast, but a major problem is the story.  The first 30 minutes are pretty good. The dragon is funny, but he's a lot less interesting than the rest of the cast. I was hoping for something more along the lines of "The Lion King", "The Sword in the Stone", or "The Hound of the Baskervilles". And, unfortunately, that's not the case here. This film is about a few dwarves who don't like each other, but one of them is secretly a knight who wants to marry the princess, who he secretly stole. But then, he falls in love with her, and then, the plot gets worse and worse... and the movie never recovers from it.  This is the worst Disney movie ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is not good, it just takes forever to get going and when you do it's only a little bit entertaining. The acting is not as bad as the rest of the movies but it's not good either.  It looks and feels like it was made for a short time on the small budget. I just can't understand how they made this movie. I mean it looks so much better than the other movies on the same level, but that's not the problem. The problem is that it is an un-funny, boring and stupid movie. It's not even funny in the slightest. I could care less about the characters, their lives and what happens to them. They just don't get the attention that the actors give to the plot, their scenes or the character development. They are so uninteresting and not worth watching.  There is only one scene that could be good but it wasn't, but it was worth mentioning. It was the final scene where the hero is about to rescue the girl from the bad guy who has been killing his own daughter. This little scene was the most disappointing of the movie. The whole movie is just too boring to even watch.  The end is probably the best scene in the whole movie, but there is no reason to continue watching it.  I don't recommend this movie at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't think of a worse excuse for a movie: a man with no morals (Barrett), a woman (Sandra), and no plot (Papier-Lagrange). I can hardly think of anything worse. If this was a comedy, I would have laughed harder.  The acting is a little uneven, but mostly it's just a big waste of time. I don't understand the character and his motives. There is no character motivation at all. I think there's a plot, but the only reason I know is because the character doesn't talk much.  And it's a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen.  In the first episode, the villain's name was "Manny", and he stole a movie that he had seen before, "The Invisible Man". In the second episode, he was the "Man in the Mask", and his name was given to the villain by the audience. I can't believe that you can watch that episode without knowing that the villain is supposed to be a character from the previous episode. How did they think they were gonna pull that off?   The acting was terrible. No idea why they didn't cast an actress or a person who looked like the character better.  The story is the worst in the history of any TV show, and that is saying something.  Please don't waste your time on this show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen.  This movie tries to make us believe that the world is so crazy and wild that even some of the characters are in love with each other. But in real life, not one single person is in love. It just so happens that a few people are in relationships with each person.  The movie also contains a scene where the main character is raped and murdered.  It is truly disgusting.  I did not like the characters in this movie at all. I think that the main characters are stupid. They should not have been in the movie in the first place. It was simply a waste of time.  If you want to see a movie that is not too bad, see this movie. Otherwise, please don't waste your time watching this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was actually quite interesting, but the story seemed quite rushed and a bit ridiculous to me. I thought it could have been much better if they had made the movie longer and the story more believable. However, the ending was really unsatisfying, and I felt that the film lacked a lot of the drama and tension that the movie should have. I just didn't understand how the movie was made or how the characters were acting. The cinematography was also very amateurish.  Overall, this movie was very disappointing. I gave it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that the reason why this movie was made was to promote a new movie about the Holocaust. However, the movie is just so bad, and so devoid of any real content. The acting is so awful, and the plot is so unbelievable, that it's just plain boring. And, I must admit, the ending was a bit sad, but nothing special. I really thought that this movie would have been much better with the actors in the studio instead of the directors.  The story is just too unbelievable to be believable. The movie is so shallow and has so many inconsistencies that it really is just a waste of money. And even though it has the actors, it really needs to be released on DVD, and not to be shown on cable.  I gave it 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at a theater in Chicago, and thought it was hilarious. However, the only thing I found was a very low score, and even that was too low to justify watching this film. It's one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The acting was terrible, the script was terrible and the story was stupid. I would have liked to see the whole thing on DVD, but I'm afraid it won't get made.   I'm not a horror movie freak, but if you're looking for a low budget horror flick, I wouldn't recommend this movie. It had nothing to offer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why it got a positive review in the UK. I guess the fact that it's a children's film doesn't really affect the fact. It was just boring and nothing I'd watch again. It's just not the way you'd expect a childrens film to be. You get an old man sitting in the corner, trying to scare the audience. The rest of the cast was completely unmemorable. There were three characters that didn't do anything or get anything right. And then, at the end, the only character who did anything or got anything right was the old man, and he wasn't even scary. He's just a sad old man who keeps saying the same old lines over and over again. The only thing that's frightening was the fact I got sick of seeing the old lady repeatedly yelling at the old guy for no reason. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some movies out there that you want to watch and some movies that you just have to watch. This movie was not one of those. The acting was laughable, the storyline was shallow and the directing was nothing to be impressed by.  The only redeeming factor was that I really liked the character of Mr. Bigelow. I know that he isn't as good as the other actors, but I don't think that's the main reason why this movie was so awful. I really didn't care for the script, or the acting in general.  I don' believe that this movie has any sort of redeeming value. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like watching a movie about a car crash in slow motion, except the cars are never in the same place and the crash never ends, except when you watch it on a slow TV or a DVD. The crash scenes in this movie are too slow to really feel like they're taking place, and the script and direction are too confusing and not as polished.  I can't believe this movie was ever made. I give this movie 2/10. I would never want to see this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty pathetic effort to try and recreate the success of a great movie. What the hell is the point? How is it going to make us feel like heroes? The plot is so bland and lame, the acting is so bad and the music is so obnoxious, that I can't even watch it. I can only recommend that you not watch it unless you want to be entertained by a bunch of idiots. This movie isn't a classic, it's a comedy, but it doesn't even deserve that.  It would have been so much better if the actors had actually put their names to their movies and acted them, but unfortunately for them, they were only trying to sell their own products. It is obvious that the producers did not have any interest in what they were doing, which is a shame because they could have made a great film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand how someone could make this movie so utterly, utterly, hopelessly, and stupidly awful. I don`t understand how a film like this was ever made.  I mean, there is absolutely no reason to take this movie seriously, to the point where you actually have to read the subtitles to understand the plot. I think the only reason this film even exists is because people made it because they felt like they could get away with it. People are too stupid to care about movies that are stupid.  If you want to get a taste of how stupid movies can get, just watch this. It will probably be your only movie ever. I just don`tl think people should know the real reason this movie exists. I'm not saying it's bad because it is, it just was so unbelievably, hopelessably, stupid that it makes me want to give it a zero rating. I wish this movie had never existed. It makes me feel like a complete idiot when I see people talking about it and not caring. It made me want them to stop talking about movies and start watching them.   I guess it's time to take the whole idea of a "funny" movie and actually use it as a joke.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie takes its title from a famous film from the early days of Hollywood, and so the idea that this could be the "Hollywood story" was immediately put to the test. Unfortunately for this story, the movie failed miserably. It's basically a bunch of scenes, most of which don't make sense (especially the ending) and the only reason the movie is watchable is the presence of John Wayne. If Wayne had never shown up in this film, it would have been just another piece of trash.   In fact, I can see how people would try to make this movie work. In the beginning of the movie, the story is told of a gangster who, having made his fortune in a drug operation, is shot and killed by a mob boss. The movie then switches to a second-rate mobster, who is the leader of the gangster's crew and is responsible for the murder.  In the second-best ending I've ever seen, the second mobster kills a rival in order to gain his crew's protection money from the mob boss, but he is accidentally killed by the latter's crew when they realize their mistake. The two gangsters, who are on their way to kill the other gangster, are at each other's throats. The mobster has to kill a woman to get rid of the other mobster's money, which has been taken from the crew's safe. So he shoots her and her daughter and then sets the house on fire and burns it down. It turns out that the mobster is the mastermind of the murder plot and the arsonist is a member of the same crew as the two gangster killers. The gangster kills the two, and the movie ends.  The whole movie is a mess. The plot is stupid and the dialog is incomprehensible, but the acting is not nearly as bad. The only part that I could understand was the plot, and that was only because of the fact that the story was a little too complicated to make the ending work. I'm sorry to say that it's just a waste of time. This film is a bad waste of your time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just plain boring. There was nothing really going on. Nothing at all.  The plot is lame, the acting is terrible, and the plot is really predictable. The plot seems like a movie from a third-rate movie, not a high-budget, professional film. There is nothing to write home about except for the actors, but I wouldn't go to see this movie unless I was desperate to see something that didn't suck.  I give it a zero for an overall rating. This movie is just a waste of time. Don't waste your time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be an extremely boring film that I didn't really care for. The acting was very bad, the story didn't make sense and the story was poorly written. The movie was also very slow. The music was OK but the acting was poor. I also found the story very confusing, even though I understand the movie's concept, I didn''t understand why the main character was so obsessed with the ghost that was haunting the house and why his family didn't like it.  I don't understand how the movie could have had an even worse rating. I don''t believe that the movie had much of an idea what it was trying to do. There was little plot development, a few characters that had a decent plot, but there was nothing to really connect the movie to the movie of the same name.  The only redeeming point of the movie was the actors, who really looked like they were auditioning for a bad TV show.  This movie was nothing but a waste of time. It should have been a 10/10 but it ended up being a 10. I think that this movie is a waste and a disgrace to horror movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting an honest review of the original "Shirley", but I was really hoping for something more. This movie isn't just a waste of time and money, it's a waste even of the viewers' time. I don't think anyone will ever find the movie worth watching again because the director didn't bother to ask me to watch it twice.  The whole movie is one long story about a young girl who, at one point in her life, decides that she wants to kill her mother. The movie ends on a cliffhanger, but it's never explained how the story is going to continue or where the girl will be at the end of the movie. That's not an easy task.  As for the rest of the story, I found it unbelievable. I couldn't believe the things the movie told me. I'm not going to go into the story of the ending to this movie because I can't find the ending at the internet site for the movie where I watched it. I watched the movie once, and the movie is over. I was hoping to find something better in the movie, and I don' t. I can only give a mediocre movie 2 out of 10, and if you can't see it, you probably won't be able to see anything at all.  I just wish someone would have explained to me where it was going and what the girl would be doing in the end. I wouldn't have watched it twice, and that's why I can give this movie a negative 2 out 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In case anyone isn't familiar with the "Nuclear Submarine" sub-plot, here's a short recap. In 1951, the US Navy was experimenting with nuclear submarines, and the US Naval Academy in Ann Arbor was trying to determine whether it could be used to conduct "war games" underwater. The sub would have to be submerged for about five minutes at a depth of about 300 feet to achieve maximum speed and maneuverability. The crew would have access to all of the sub's weapons and its own radiated radiation. In the process, the crew would be exposed to high levels of radiation in the subs' interior (the only thing they'd be able to see, but would have a chance to avoid by running into the hull) that could kill them within minutes. In 1953, the project was abandoned because the Navy had no idea what to do with the sub if it could not be used underwater.  Well, "Submarine" (or, "The American Submarine") does not even make it through the first five minutes of the movie without the crew starting to get a little tired.  What can we say? That a crew is tired after spending all of their money, and that the director could care less. The rest of the film is just a bunch of recycled footage of the crew, who are trying to get the sub to work. This film should be considered an exception, not the rule. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie was very, very, boring. But, I guess, because it was made for TV, it was supposed to be entertaining, so I kept watching. I think it's an interesting idea, but it just isn't very good. And the writing is awful. You can tell that by the way the story is set up. The story isn't told with enough depth or excitement or interest that it can pull the viewer into it. I can't imagine that this movie would be made in a college production program. I've seen much worse movies in that class. I would advise anyone who watches this movie to watch the TV show, "The Naked Gun", instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is simply terrible, it is so poor in every aspect that it is unbelievable. This movie tries to make you believe that a woman is so attractive that she has to get the attention of a man. The movie shows that she doesn't know what she is doing and she can't get the man that she is looking for. In one scene, she is having a conversation with a man and the man tries to talk to her about his girlfriend, she says nothing but gives her boyfriend a chance. He gives her a bad review about the movie and she gives him an even worse review of the movie. After that she tells him that she loves him, and then the movie ends and she gets out of the van and tells the guy that she did not want to have sex with him.  After that it just shows that the girl has done absolutely nothing in her life, she has never even kissed anyone. The guy that the guy has been seeing, he is so creepy and creepy and he is a total creep. I would like to say that if you have a bad time on your own you should go and watch this movie, because there is no other movie that I have seen that is so bad, so completely unbelievable.  I would advise you not to waste your time on this movie because the story was just stupid, and it is just plain stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie in the late 90s when I was very young and I think I watched it at least four times. I was never a fan of the movie (in fact, I hated it). I was a huge fan of all the movies that they made during the 90s. They made a great movie with a great cast. They did not make a good movie, and this is no exception. This is a terrible movie that will have to be watched by those who want a fun movie, but will only have them in for the sake of nostalgia. This movie will never be as good as the other movies they made in the 90's. I gave it a 1/10, and I would rate it even lower. It is just so terribly made that it's not even funny. There's just no point in watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this movie is interesting but unfortunately it falls apart under the weight of its own mediocrity. A young girl with special powers (aside from her ability to make things go 'bad' and cause the death of anyone unlucky to be near her) decides to hide her powers from her parents because they don't believe in her. A few years later she returns to her hometown and decides to live with her parents and her brother who is also a witch. She gets pregnant, has a miscarriage and her parents decide to keep her from being exposed to magic by putting her in a house where no one can hear her unless she's there.  The movie does have some fun moments with the characters (who seem to be cast with very little idea of who they are and who they're supposed to be), but there's a lot of things that just make you want to stop watching. There's a whole lot of acting that isn't very believable and there's not a lot to keep the viewer interested.  It's also a really long movie that feels like it could have done without the director knowing exactly what he was doing. The pacing and direction are terrible and the dialogue is even worse (some of the dialog comes out of nowhere, it's almost impossible to follow what the characters are saying).  The only saving grace in the movie is the special effects. They're a bit better than average but they're not that good. The special effects work just fine for a film with a few brief flashes of lightning and other magical things, but the movie never quite reaches that point. It's one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a big fan of comedies, and this one is so terrible. It has an almost painfully predictable plot, and doesn't even really do anything with its premise other than to make us watch it. I felt very unappreciated and disappointed in the fact that this movie could be so bad, but it was just so unbelievably awful. There were some good moments, but that's about it. It just didn't feel like a comedy at all. It was just a straight drama. I would like to see the writer of this movie apologize for it. He should really do that in person. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seems that the makers of this film, who are a mere two days into making this film (it's already been more than 2 months), are just too lazy to make anything resembling a worthwhile movie. The idea is pretty much the same as all the other "wannabe" Hollywood comedies made since the 90's. All the best parts of the original "Blazing Saddles" are taken out of the picture in favor of these actors and actresses who could never win the Oscar for a "comedy".  For example, the scene in which Richard Pryor plays the same old, same old clown on the TV, but has to pretend he has lost his memories of what he has done in the past to get a big payday. It's a little like "The Man with the Golden Arm" except that it has the same stupid premise, but actually makes a complete mockery of the entire concept. It doesn't even have the most basic of acting chops - for example, a little girl sitting in the audience who doesn't know what the word "daddy" means, but suddenly starts saying it and thinks it's funny.  All in all, the film looks like a bunch of people trying to make a movie with a laugh track, which is pretty pathetic. It is so obviously and boringly awful that it makes it hard to believe they're actually making this flick.   Just as the "Blizzard of Hell" movie made people think that it wasn't possible to make such a stupid film that wasn't stupid, "Blinding Saddles", just goes to show how much people are willing to believe anything about "comic" films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a complete disappointment. It is as if the director had no interest in directing a film at all. This is a film that has been made to please a few people who dislike the idea of "porn".  It has no story, no script, no direction, and no acting.  This is not an example of porn, this is a glorified trailer for a pornographic film.  I can't believe this waste of film. I cannot believe that this film has been produced.  And to make matters worse, the "Director's Cut" has been posted on YouTube.  If you are looking for something to watch, please don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is filled with so many mistakes that I had to put it on my IMDb page. For example, I couldn't find any reference to any of the events depicted in the movie. This is the worst movie I've ever seen. The only reason I even watched it was because I was in the theater with my family and my girlfriend at the time. I was actually surprised that this movie made it to the movie list of IMDb.  My girlfriend and I have been arguing on what the best movie of this year is for months. It seems like this movie has gone down in the annals of film history.  This movie is so much worse than "The Devil's Advocate" which is probably the best film ever made.  A lot of people seem to like it. It doesn't even make sense.  I wish I had put the movie in my trash to keep it from being ruined. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the whole thing to be a little strange to watch. I kept thinking the actors were trying to say something, and I kept wondering why the film seemed so flat and boring. It is very slow and there are too many jump cuts to be considered a good movie. I can only say that I would have much rather seen a movie with no acting at all. I was very annoyed that the actors did not seem to know what they were supposed to say, and that the story did not make much sense. I also found the story to be rather shallow and boring, especially when it comes to the characters. I do not think they were good, but I also do not know how to make movies better.  This movie was so dull that it was painful to watch because it did not go anywhere or had anything to say. It just made you feel as though you are watching the entire thing in your head and the movie is just too slow to even realize how boring it really is.  I did not care about the story, which is a shame because it is a very interesting subject. It seemed to be about a family in the middle of the woods who were all being stalked by a monster and there was no reason to care. The acting was horrible. There was no emotion. I cannot recommend this movie because I do NOT recommend movies with actors that do not even know what to say on a movie set. It would be better to just read the book or watch the movie without the actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what I expected a 'porn' movie to be. I expected it to be really cheesy and cheesy with an evil plot that makes me want to see it just to see the characters in real life and not just in movies. I was expecting it to have a lot of sexual violence and blood and gore, and not to be funny. I mean, I really was expecting that. I thought that it would be funny, and I did expect it to make me laugh. But, it was so shallow, so, so... so much.... so... stupid. It is just so lame. It was like a really lame version of The Goonies, except that the Goonies had a decent plot and characters and a lot more humor.  It just didn't feel like a movie at all. I got a little sick after watching it, and that is probably a good thing. The whole thing just felt so... empty. The plot was so stupid, so empty, so stupid that I had to ask myself why the filmmakers didn't make the movie longer.  The only reason I'm giving it a 3/10 is because it is one of the worst films I've ever seen, and the only reason it's a 2/10 on IMDb is because I watched it twice and both times I liked it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, the premise is ridiculous. A woman wakes up in a strange room with no memory of how she got there. The girl she's been with for a few days suddenly goes missing. She eventually realizes she's married to a guy in a small town, and the husband of the girl that disappeared suddenly wants her to get back together with him. And so the story starts out with the couple getting married. It's pretty silly from the start. But when the wife's friends and family realize she's having a relationship with the husband, they get jealous. The husband gets violent.  There's really not much else to say about this film.  It's a mess. The acting is really bad. I'm guessing the actors' acting level was low. Some of the plot holes are just ridiculous. It really could have been a comedy.  I would have given it 3/10 if it was a little better. I really don't like this film at all. I can't say it was the worst film I've seen, but I definitely give it a 3/7. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made with absolutely no talent whatsoever. It's not a bad flick, it just isn't very good. The acting was really weak, the plot is really thin, and the special effects were poorly done. It was probably made for $3.95, so that's not the problem. It has to do with how the script was written. I know there were different takes and different ways the script could have been written. And that's OK. But there were still some really lame moments. I'm not really sure why this movie was released in theaters. It would be OK if it was just a DVD. The only thing that could save it would be for a DVD release.  I think if this movie were a DVD, it would have been released with the title "The Incredible Hulk Returns". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a bit of a waste of time. I think I would have liked it better if it had been a bit more funny. The story is predictable, and there is too little time spent talking about anything interesting or significant. The cinematography and the sound effects were not good either. I found the movie to be very slow paced and dull. It had a boring ending, which made the movie seem to drag on too long. The movie was only okay if you really hate vampires and were interested in a cheesy vampire flick, but it was not a movie I would watch over again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had very poor script, poor direction, poor acting, and the entire movie had the worst music I have ever heard in my life. The acting was very poor in comparison to the previous films. In the beginning of the film, there is a short song, which is very irritating and annoying, because it repeats every 2 minutes.  The music was a little bit better in the middle part, but after that it got worse and worse. I can't say that I dislike the music, because the music was quite good. It was just the same old song. This movie just made me feel like the movie was made to be more like a video game, than a movie. I could not make out the music that was playing in the background. I think it sounded like a bad Disney animated movie.  And that is why I gave it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an extremely low budget, low budget (literally) remake of the first Alien movie. It has been done for the sake of ratings, it is a rip off of the original and that is all that is necessary.  The original had an intriguing story and atmosphere and some decent action. This one barely has any plot and has absolutely no atmosphere.  In the end, it comes across as a complete waste of money. The story is so devoid of plot, character, and tension that it is just another excuse to see a giant cockroach in the middle of a swamp.  It is very easy to see why people like this movie so much. I would love to see it without the special effects and all of the special effect shots that the special edition was made up of. The actors were OK but the acting is nothing special. This movie is only enjoyable if you are so far into the story that you are just watching to get through the credits. The special edition has some nice extras and you can download a very good version of the movie on DVD.  I gave it 2 out of 10 and I'm not sure I would give it a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies where the premise is so appealing and the plot seems so well thought out that the only thing that comes across is a lack of substance. What could have been an excellent thriller, turns into a half-baked, nonsensical mess of a film that makes no sense at all. In a way, the film reminds me of the early days of the "Swiss Army" film series, where films were simply made to entertain the viewer, rather than to tell a story that could have anything to do with the characters. The film starts with a fairly normal sequence that could be described as a family vacation. The father has been promoted to the position of Commandant of the Swiss Army, and the young son, Sebastian, is to be given the job of guarding a small, isolated island called "Nettenzucken", just off the coast of Switzerland. The family's trip is cut short, however, when Sebastian is taken hostage by the local local mafia, which has taken over the island. The movie then takes a turn for the worse when Sebastian's brother and sister are kidnapped by the mafia and are killed in the process. In an attempt to save his family, Sebastian kills the mafia's leader, a former Swiss Army officer named "Garry" (played by one Peter Conrad), who is known as "The Red Baron". The movie doesn't end well either. In what seems to be the movie's final act, Sebastian is shown, along with his family and some other local people, being held captive by the mobsters, who want to force Sebastian to testify against the mafia leaders. The scene in question is utterly nonsensical. Sebastian is never shown being held by the gang, only the mobster's brother, who is seen onscreen only briefly. After the mob is captured, the movie ends. The final scene, in which Sebastian is interrogated by the authorities, is simply a long, boring conversation between the movie producers and the actor playing Sebastian. The only positive part of the movie is the final shot of Sebastian, after his family's murder, riding his motorcycle in the woods, followed by the ending credits. I would advise any movie-goer not to waste their time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise was interesting at the time and now it is nothing more than an attempt to attract attention with an endless stream of boring dialogue. This is not a good movie to waste your time watching it if you are not interested in seeing the plot twist and turn of the plot. I think that the film is worth watching if you have been following this genre in the past and would like to see a film that does not really offer much that you did not see before. This was a poor effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen a few movies that had the premise of the "secret cult" and the "we are the cult" but I never felt that it was quite right.  This movie is just another "we have to do something" story. This movie does not even attempt to present anything beyond the story line of the main character, who is just an idiot who tries to take revenge for the death of his sister and family. It does not make sense. This is not a comedy, it is just a bunch of people acting stupid and making jokes about things they shouldn't.  The movie is filled with people in the room saying stupid things that are clearly supposed to be funny, but are not funny. They act like idiots and have the same attitude that a lot of people who are in movies like this. There are no jokes in the movie. The only thing that is funny is when the people in this movie try to act stupid and get laughed at. The movie should have been titled "The Idiot In The Room".  I really did not enjoy this movie. It has the same problem as the "I was born in Canada" movie. This has some elements of a satire but is so obviously made up that you just think "it's a joke". It's just not funny at all. I saw a trailer for it and I laughed but I did not like it. I did enjoy the trailer though. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was not a bad film at all but it was too bad to be enjoyable. It is basically the worst thing I have ever seen. It has some really stupid lines that were so bad it was hard to even watch. The only good thing about it was the acting. The movie made me believe that the director did not care if his movie was bad. He seemed like he was in a really bad mood when making the movie. There were no funny lines in the movie and the only funny line was the one at the end. The story and script are just terrible.  This movie would have been so much better if it was a normal film. I think they had no idea how to make a decent movie.  I can't believe they made this movie because they made a movie called "I Want a New Job". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to see this film for a very brief period of time in the summer of 2006, and after having seen it I still can't find a way to describe it to anyone who hasn't seen it. I don't know why this film is in theaters anymore, I can only assume it was made a long time ago.  If you want to see a movie that you're sure you'll like, and aren't willing to spend an hour watching a film that makes you want quit watching it, then this movie is not for you. The acting is substandard, the plot is stupid and the direction is terrible. It's just too bad to see it on the big screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time last night on TV, and my jaw dropped as soon as I saw it. It was a terrible waste of time. The writing is weak, the acting is terrible, and the story was predictable, but this is an exception to the rule. It has the "B" rating for plot and acting, and a rating of 1 for each bad special effects. It's like a really bad movie made by a very talented but extremely inexperienced writer. This was not the worst movie I have ever seen, but I am sure that I will be looking for other "B"-rated movies to watch for the rest of my life.  The movie was so bad that it is nearly impossible to believe that the writer had the audacity to put together a movie that was so awful that the director of the movie had to step in and save it from itself. The script should have been rejected outright, and its effects should have gone up to 1. The acting was laughable, but even worse was the fact that it seemed to be so obvious that the story had been done by someone who had no idea how to make a movie, and that they had no clue how to write a script. I cannot even begin to understand how a writer could get a job as an "A" movie writer, but somehow I do. I would like to point out the fact, however, that this movie could have been a great movie if the writer hadn't been such a complete idiot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first and only time I've seen a movie about a child murderer was when I was about seven or eight years old.  I saw it at the old Disney lot in Hollywood, where they had all of their old kid movies. This one was titled, "I am the Child Killer." I can only assume that Disney had no idea what a kid killer was, and had no interest in making a movie for the children.  The movie is about a kid who kills people. But he's only 14. And then he kills a few people, including a teacher. Then he kills his parents, and then he murders his two sisters, who are just 10 and 8.  That was it. That was all the plot. Nothing in this movie was interesting, and the actors were awful.  If you want to see a movie that's not scary, I'd suggest not seeing this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good movie: very few things in life can be described in any way as 'great'. But, I was expecting the movie to be more entertaining. And it was nothing like that. I was not entertained, and I found myself wishing that I had not been. It's a waste of money. The characters, the script, the direction, and the direction of the camera - it all seems like an attempt to be entertaining but fails at it. I really wanted to believe in the story, I wanted to be entertained, but I couldn't care to care much.  A waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie was very poor in every department, from story to acting, the story didn't make sense, the acting was terrible, and it was just so boring, I just felt bored in the whole thing.  I've seen worse movies, but this was by far the worst of the lot. I don't think there is much to say about this, I really feel like I wasted my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. This is such a waste of time. I know they are doing a TV show on this but why does it have to be this awful. They should make a comedy, not this. This movie should be called "I Hate Comedy".  I would like to think that I was the only person who has ever watched this. I hope to God that this is the only film that they have made.  I really wanted to hate this but I couldn't. I was watching it on my computer, and I was very disappointed. I can't believe they wasted so much time on this and that this movie was even made. They could have just made a joke out of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first ten minutes I thought this was going to be the worst film I have ever seen. The only reason I gave it an eight out of ten was the two acts. The first act is absolutely awful. The acting is terrible. It's just a lot of scenes that never happen, scenes that don't make sense, and the acting is absolutely terrible. In the second act, they finally got a chance to show off their acting skills, and they're both totally awful. I mean, the only redeeming part of this movie is the fact that it was written and directed by a couple of guys who are really good at making crappy movies, and that's the only reason it even gets to the tenth rating out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching "The Man Who Can Fly" and "Bitter Angel", I was skeptical. It was not the same film. The first time I saw it, I had to read the credits to see who directed it. It just turned out that it was "Man in Black" from the other "Man In Black" film.  I was even less surprised to see "The Devil Inside" and, to be honest, "The Last Samurai". But, even after the fact, I can't say that "Man on Fire" is much better than "The World of the Devil".  As far as "Man With the Devil Inside", I can only say that I have no interest in seeing it.  The problem with "Man with the Devil" is that it does not even make the effort to have a consistent plot. Every time a character dies, it feels like they're going to die. The movie is like a one-track movie that you can't seem to find any point in it. The story is really just an excuse to have some scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, I thought this movie was OK. I thought the characters were likable, and the action sequences were decent. Then the movie went downhill. The only good scenes were in the second act. The rest of the movie was just flat out boring. I did like the character of "Lance," and thought the supporting cast was OK, but the rest of it was just plain horrible.  The only positive thing about the movie is that the actors did a great job at playing their respective characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total waste of time, time and money. It is absolutely horrible. I mean, there's no excuse for making a bad, boring, horrible movie, but in this case, it is actually worse. I was hoping that the film would at least be funny. It isn't funny at all. It's just not even worth watching. The acting is so-so and there's not a lot of plot.  Don't waste your time watching this movie. It makes absolutely no sense. I would advise you to just watch this movie and leave it alone. It will make you feel like a complete idiot for wasting time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have to make a movie: don't make a bad one, if you want to. You will get the same thing when making this one.  Don't make this film! I am giving it an "F". It is so terrible that it makes me cringe. The writing is terrible, the acting is awful, the story has no point, the ending is so utterly lame and pointless. This movie has one of the worst endings of any film I've ever seen. It's one of those movies that just end with the credits rolling and we can't even get the ending out of our minds.  The ending is supposed to be a surprise, but it just doesn't come through. It just sucks. I was hoping to be entertained by a really good film. This is not a film to watch if you are looking for a good film; you will just be bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only redeeming factor was the music and the movie was great, but this movie has to be a waste of time. The story is terrible. The acting is so awful it's not even funny. And they don't have any real chemistry between the characters. The only reason I gave this movie 2 stars is because I thought the characters were a little more developed.  The director could have just made this movie about the people involved with the movie and just used the soundtrack to create a nice mood. The script is so unreadable and the acting is awful.  I would not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script, which tries to follow a fairly standard "Bible of Love" storyline, doesn't seem to have enough ideas to make it work. The story doesn't really develop at all and the actors just don't seem able to find their place in the script, making this movie more like an episode of a TV series than anything else. The acting is OK but nothing exceptional.  A lot of the humor here comes from the fact that there are only two characters. The only other characters who are very interesting are the other three actors in the film.  It's pretty bad but it's not awful. If you're looking for a quick-hit comedy, look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people like the concept of "a woman with an evil secret" but that's the only thing about this movie that I don't like. It is, however, an interesting premise for a movie but it falls apart on screen. The script has a lot of inconsistencies and a lot is left unexplained and the pacing of the film is quite slow.  The movie was so bad that I actually thought it had been made by the same production company that made "The Exorcist." I was so angry when I realized it. It's a shame that the makers had to waste their money on such a bad film.  I wish I had made the movie a few years earlier. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a fun adventure movie and was quite disappointed when I watched the trailer for this. The story was pretty lame and the acting was not even that good either. The premise was pretty stupid but there was no other way to interpret it other than the "drama" part. The whole movie was really disappointing to me.  The actors did not fit in to their characters at all. I would like to say that they are good actors but they are not that good. I really wanted to like them but the story was not good enough.  I gave this movie 2 stars out of 10 because it was just plain bad. It was so bad that it was almost unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total bore to watch, and I think it could have done without the presence of Michael Bay.  The plot of this film is completely boring and is just about as lame as a plot could be. It was like an episode of a TV show with a totally lame plot, and Michael Bay could not care less about this show.  Some of the actors had decent, if not spectacular, acting ability. However, the rest of the cast is totally unlikable.  In terms of acting, it is all over the place. I did not think the actors were all that good in the film. In a way, I liked them because they all showed their true personalities. They were very unlikeworthy, and all the people in this movie were totally boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely horrible. You can see why it is so bad. I was in the middle of watching this movie with my son when we were about 10 minutes into it. He said it was terrible. We watched the whole thing and then he watched the DVD again. He had to watch it over and over again. This movie has not even a fraction of the originality of the first one. It's just a pile of recycled, low budget, badly edited, and poorly written. The only good thing about it is the music. I really can't say what was the score. It just doesn't fit in with the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "B" movie is a little like the "B.O.N.S." that was made out of the "S" movie, "C" movie and "D" movie.  The movie takes place in a small village with a small population, in this case the only one with the same name in the village. There are two main characters, one is a "B".  They get married, but the movie never shows us how the bride and groom met, why they are living together or what their relationship is like. The whole movie is just filled with Bs and B-s.  I found the movie a little funny but it didn't make me laugh. The acting was bad, the movie was not funny but not sad.  This movie was a waste of my time and I would not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so boring. It was boring to see such a simple storyline but it made up for it with an unbelievable amount of plot. You got the impression that the director was trying to be something different by making a lot of characters from the "Madonna and Child" series but that wasn't the case. In the end, you couldn't care less about the characters, the setting or the story. I gave the movie a 3/10 because it was just so much of a waste of time. It's sad that the only redeeming quality is the story, but I guess that's a bit of a luxury to have. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sure this was a low budget production, but there is absolutely no story to speak of. The entire cast seems to be just trying to act in their roles. The acting is terrible. The director is very inconsistent in directing scenes.  I wish that they had hired better actors. Some of the cast seem to be in the wrong generation. The story seems to have little to no logic. If you want to see a good acting piece, then you need to look at a movie with a story line. The script doesn't make sense and the actors don't have any story to work with. This isn't an action flick, but a cheap horror flick with some decent acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like this film, but this was a very disappointing film. It was very boring and slow paced. I liked the film better when it was made in the 80s. I remember seeing the movie in the theater when it came out.  I did not understand why this movie was made, why they were making it so late at night. The story didn't make sense. Why did the guy kill the girl? Why did he have to kill her? Why didn't he shoot her? It didn't add up to me, and I was getting bored watching it. It is really a shame to waste this film. I really wanted to see more in the lives of the people in it. This movie wasn't even believable. The actors did not do anything. Why would they shoot someone they love like that? Why not shoot someone that they didn't know? The people in the movie were too good to be so stupid.  The ending really sucked. It made no sense and made the movie feel like a waste of time. I can only give this movie 2 out of 10. It's so bad that I don't know how to rate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director has a reputation for making awful movies and I was hoping that this would be the case with this one. It's just plain terrible. This is the worst movie I have ever seen, period. It is a pity that anyone who has seen it has any sense of humour. I just wanted to leave. I can't believe that people are even allowed to see this. I don't know what I am going to do if I see this again. I guess I have a new movie to watch first... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this at the local video rental place for the first time, and after watching it I immediately called the video store to see if it was available to rent. I didn't get to see it for another 10 minutes or so, and then I rented it from another video store where it was a 10-15 minute rental. After seeing it again, I didn' like it much. It seemed like it could have been made much better. The acting was horrible, the writing was so awful, the music was so horrible, and the special effects were so bad that you could just see the screen. The ending was so rushed and nonsensical that I laughed my ass off, and I'm surprised that this is even considered to be a cult classic. I'm a huge fan of cult classics, and even though this was a really terrible movie, I wouldn't rent it because of how terrible it was. I would have to rent it from some video store, but at least that would give me the opportunity to watch the movie again.  I'm not even kidding when I say that this movie made me want to burn my DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you enjoy the '80s and you don't like the horror genre, this movie will definitely disappoint you. I think this movie was made for the most of us who only want to see movies about "bad" horror movies. But what you won't like is the fact that it takes place in an empty house that's being used as a torture chamber. The actors are so bad that you almost feel sorry for them. They act like they're in real pain. I've read a lot of negative reviews about this movie, but I can't think of one positive one. You can check out the trailer here: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0409959/fulltitle.html 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this film on YouTube and I was shocked and disgusted. The movie is so shallow and devoid of any real entertainment value, even after seeing the first few minutes, I still could not muster the energy to continue watching it. The only reason I was able to continue was because I was drunk and/or in a bad mood. I don't want to make this review sound like a negative one because I really liked the movie, but the first thing that comes to mind is that I wish that I had more time to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been shown many times, but I can't believe I've seen this in the last three weeks. The acting is terrible, the script is weak, and the ending is so stupid. Why anyone would spend any money on this is beyond me. The movie was filmed in Montreal, Canada and this is where the crew made a lot of money. I know that Montreal is an expensive city, but this is ridiculous. Why are you wasting your time in a movie theater that could do better than this? The worst thing about this movie is that it was produced in Montreal. This is the same place where a movie was recently released that was so bad it could not have been made anywhere else. It was produced by a Canadian production company. This movie was so low budget that it could have been produced for $40,000.  It's just an absolute waste of time and money. This film is an embarrassment to the entire genre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so bad I had to turn it off and never get it on DVD.  The acting is so awful and the story line so poorly done it would make for a dull, uninteresting movie. I just don't understand how anyone could make something like this. It was just not that entertaining to watch and the plot was so weak and the script so poorly written.  As for the DVD...I was able to get it to play, but I can't recommend it to anyone. It's just not worth watching. I've seen worse and it's still not worth seeing. I'd much rather have a movie that was entertaining, entertaining, but not so bad that I feel like I've wasted my time on it.  It's a shame. This could have been an interesting, fun film. But it's so boring that it's just...I don't even know how to explain it. It just makes me want to put it away and forget about it forever. I'm sure that if it had been edited well it would have been much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe the people who were in the cast of this film, or whoever made it, could have made it to this film.  I don't care if it was made in 1998 or 2001, or even 1990, I don' t care if this is a comedy, horror, or romance film, I just don't want to see a movie that could have been so terrible.  This movie should have been called "Worst Movie Ever" and made it so explicit that it would have made you feel as sick as if you were watching the original Twilight Zone. I guess we'll have to see if the cast ever gets better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie a complete waste of time. I can't believe it was allowed to be made without anyone's consent. What's even worse, I can only conclude that this film was never intended to be shown in the UK. This movie has the potential to be really, really awful. But I suppose if you're looking for a real laugh you might be better off looking at other films such as this. This is a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this movie in the cinema lobby of the BFI, it was the first time I saw it since the original 'The Terror of Zombi' and I was amazed by the fact that it was rated as PG. It wasn't PG because it was for children.  I had expected that it would have been much better than the first film, which was rated a PG, and I wasn't disappointed, but it was not a very good film and it really seemed like it had been filmed on a very poor budget. The story is so poorly done and the direction and acting are not so good. There was a lot of footage and shots that seemed to be shot in the dark and the cinematography was quite amateurish. The sound was poor. The special effects were not very good, the costume design was very bland and it didn't make the movie look very good either.  Overall, the film was a very low budget and I can't recommend it to anyone because it is very amateurish and not much better and worse than the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen, let alone seen on video. It's the worst thing I have EVER seen, EVER. I mean, it's just not funny, not funny at all. It is so bad I don't even know what the movie was supposed to be about. I just felt like I was watching a crappy movie made by a bunch of kids who had never been on set before.  It was so bad it actually made me cry. I got so pissed that I literally threw the DVD at the wall and it shattered. I was so mad I actually turned the DVD off and went and bought some more beer.  I wish I had never watched this movie. I wish it would never happen again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the movie to be a disappointment because I did not understand the plot. I cannot say why this movie did not have a chance to succeed, but I would like to explain myself. The plot is so unbelievable, that you can't understand what the plot is about. I'm not sure what the purpose of this movie was, but it didn't make a difference in the movie. I saw the movie twice, and I would say the plot was like a fairy tale. I would prefer to see an honest movie, but that is not the case. I do hope that there is some other way to make a movie in the future. But that is too bad. I am sorry for the movie, and for the people who watched it. It is just not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read this review and was surprised.  "Bitch" is an embarrassment of a bad Hollywood remake of "The Three Faces of Eve".  There is no logic, no reason for anyone to even like the movie, and it is so predictable it's annoying. This movie was made by some bored studio executives who were bored and wanted to watch a cheap action flick. It is not even funny.  The acting is pathetic. You can tell who the actors are just by looking at their faces.  Even the actors don't act much. They are so uninteresting and uninspired that they could have been in any other action flick in the history of Hollywood. This is an insult to the original film. It's not even worth watching, but I thought I'd just put it out there for people who like to see a cheesy, poorly made, cheaply made, badly acted action flick like "Bitches".  I can only give it 4 out of 10. It was just a waste of time. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. I would give it a 3. This was a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "The Walking Dead" TV show is based on a very popular horror comic book series, but the original story line is so poorly executed that it has become a laughing stock of the genre. The acting is also poor and the animation is too primitive for a TV series. "The Lost City" is a typical example of an overly-written movie that has been made to look as though it is actually a good movie.  The only saving grace is the fact that the plot is actually not a horror movie at all. The characters are so stupid that it is a wonder how anyone could have made the movie. There is an element of horror in the story line, but it is not the focus of the movie or the whole story line. If you want to see a horror film without a plot to work with, you could probably get a decent movie from any other horror series. However, this movie is so obviously a failure in every way that I doubt anyone will be able to see the movie, let alone enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I bought this movie for our daughters (8 & 11). I must say that the only positive aspect was that the girls loved the music. But there was nothing in the movie that was even remotely entertaining. The only good point was that I thought the movie was set in Chicago and that's a nice place to visit if you're going to be a bum. However, the story was pretty lame and boring. I was so angry with myself for watching it, that I almost called the theater and said, "I just watched this movie and I don't understand how I'm supposed to be entertained by this! It's so ridiculous! I don' want to watch it again! Why don't you get it out of the way?" But I didn't! Why? Because I'm too lazy! I could've just watched the movie, but I was too lazy to just leave it there!  The only redeeming quality was the girls' singing. It was pretty good, but not good enough to make the movie worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the same old tired story of a very uninteresting man trying to become a better man, but ends up doing just the opposite. He does everything he can and tries to do the most to help the girl, but he can't seem to seem to get her to like him.  This is the kind of movie you don't want to see and expect.  The movie is about the most boring character in all of history and you want to know why, just don't.  Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seems that this movie is about a man (Michael Jackson) who wants to be the best athlete in the world, but can't due to a variety of reasons (his parents, his girlfriend, his mom, his dad, etc). One of the major reasons for this is that the movie is set in the past, but in reality, it was actually made before the movie was released in 1989. That makes it more confusing, and more of a bore to watch than the movie itself. The acting is poor, the plot is weak, and it makes you wonder if Michael Jackson is a real person, and not just a character played by a bunch of actors. The movie should be avoided by anyone who wants something other than what he did. The only thing I can say for it is that it isn't that bad, considering it was made in 1989, and Michael Jackson was in it. I would say that a less awful movie would have been a better movie, since he isn't really acting in the movie. However, I can't recommend this movie, because it is about Michael Jackson and he is a bad actor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so boring.  I don't know what the point was in making it, or why people are so entranced by it. I saw it with my husband, and he seemed to really enjoy it, so I think he got off for a good movie. I found it even less entertaining than the other films he and I have seen. I would give it a 2/10. I did like that it was short, but only by 1/10, so it wasn't a waste. It was so poorly acted that I found myself starting to wonder why it was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a horror film but it looks so good. If you want to watch movies where people get killed, watch "The Return of the Living Dead" instead.  This is one of those movies that was made to appeal to a certain kind of audience but it didn't work for me. I'm not really a horror fan but I can understand why they would make this kind of movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete waste of time. It's a very, very bad movie that has the feel of a cheap, knockoff knock-off from the Disney version of Beauty and the Beast.  The whole movie consists of one character talking to himself and another character walking on the ceiling. The character that is talking and that walking in the movie are the same character from the film version. The only reason I gave it a positive rating is because of the dancing.   The movie is pretty much a comedy of errors. It is so predictable and so boring that it's like watching a Disney version Beauty and Beast. The actors were not that good. They should not have been cast in this kind of movie. They were either unknown or not very good actors. The whole cast looks like a bunch of middle aged guys in their 30s. The music was not that great. The dancing was very,very,very boring. It reminded me of a buncha middle aged dudes dancing on the wall of a dorm room. I mean, if you like movies where the characters are not very interesting, watch a bad version of the Disney movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think I'm alone with this. It's not the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's one of the worst I've seen. I've never seen a movie that was so stupid as to be so boring. I guess this is the first time I've watched a movie in the theater that made me so bored that I didn't want to watch the movie again. There was only one other movie that made that much sense to me.  The characters don't even seem to know what they're doing and it's very obvious that the director and actors are terrible at writing dialogue and acting. It has one of those endings that makes you realize that the script is not really written by the director/actor, but rather the director (or the actors) themselves. I'm not even sure if this is a problem with the script or with the actors. The script is bad enough that the actors could've gotten a better script (or better script), but that's a whole different thing. The actors don't make the movie any better.  I know I'm going to be writing this review because I'm getting bored. I mean, who does that when he/she can't be entertained by the script? How is it that they can be so good at writing a script, but when writing a movie, the script fails them completely? I guess the director thinks that the movie was just a bunch of garbage because he/they don't understand what the movie is trying to say. But the actors don,t understand that the whole movie was made up of crap and there is no reason to assume the movie doesn't make sense.  Maybe this was a very poor movie because it was made in a very small town in Maine. I dont know what was the production budget and how much it cost, but I'm guessing that the budget was zero. I can't imagine a movie being made for that amount of money, so I'm pretty sure that the cast and the director are not good enough to make a good movie. The movie is like a bunch movies that were made for less money.   The actors (who are not actually the actors in the movie) are so bad that I cant even remember their names.  In the movie, they're so stupid that I actually found myself laughing.  And I was actually surprised that the actor that played a minor role (in the movie's version of the plot) did so poorly.  So
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely horrible.  It is so devoid of story and character development that it could be one of the worst movies ever made.  The acting is so bad that the movie is almost unwatchable. It is almost impossible to believe that there are people who actually enjoy watching movies like this.  I would say this is the worst film I have ever seen. The characters are so shallow and unbelievable that you cannot believe they are in their real lives. I would like to warn everyone who enjoys watching this film that it is NOT worth the time. This movie does not make sense and is not entertaining. If you want a movie that will entertain you, watch a better movie.  If you don't like movies like I described, then don't bother with this movie. It's bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to deny that I'm a big fan of the old Disney cartoons and, for all intents and purposes, this movie isn't one of them. It just isn't that good of a movie.  I can understand the nostalgia people who think that the cartoons were good, but I just think it's ridiculous to think that this movie could have made it to theaters as it did. This movie was an absolute disaster, and if you have seen the previews, you know that it probably has been released already. It's one of the worst animated movies I've ever seen.  The only reason I still give this movie a rating of 4/10 is because it is Disney's first live action film ever, and that has to be some kind of bonus. I'd just avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First thing is that it is not a film, it is a movie about a very bad movie. This movie is so bad and the actors in it are so awful that it makes it difficult to find out who the actors are. It makes no sense at all, so you will probably not remember any of the actors' names, and the plot is so poorly constructed that it might as well not have been made. If you want to see a movie where people are actually not acting, then I suggest you buy a ticket to a movie theater. If, on the other hand, you want a movie that you can laugh at without having to sit through another 10 minutes of that same movie where the actors act so stupidly that you don't know who they are, then the best movie for that is this film called "Borat" by Czech director Milos Bicanski. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had the chance to see this film on VHS video on the day it was released. My wife and I had to sit through it. It's so poorly made that you have to pay attention to the subtitles. For example, I think the subtitles read "Proud Boys" when the film says "The Proud Boys." It also has a very strange feel to it. You feel like you're watching a bad romantic comedy. The script is bad, and the acting is even worse. The whole thing was so much worse than "The Big Lebowski." This is a film that I wouldn't waste my time on. I'd rather have seen "The Lebow Brothers" than this piece of trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible piece of trash. It's really not worth seeing. The script is bad, the characters are bad and the plot is bad. Even the music is really awful, just horrible.  I would never recommend it to anyone, especially not as a comedy. It really is a joke, not a serious piece of work. I'm amazed that this film even exists. It does not deserve to be called a comedy and I think it deserves to be labeled as trash. I wish I could give it a 1 out of 10, but I don't think that anyone could give this a 1. It has nothing to offer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just one of the few movies that really bothered me during the 80's and 90's. I had a really hard time with it, I was almost angry and felt like it ruined my childhood memories. However I have to admit that the acting is good, the plot isn't worth mentioning and I can understand that some of the other reviewers didn't get the movie at all.  There is one thing that really stood out to me, the characters look so much like a cross between a man and a dog and the movie is almost completely devoid of any sense of humor or personality. It is an utter embarrassment to watch, I think that it's one of those movies where they used some sort of computer generated effect, I'm sure that they could have made it look like a real dog, but instead they made the actors look like they were speaking to a dog. The movie is filled with very predictable plot lines and just a complete waste of time. The ending is incredibly unsatisfying and the only reason I can think of for the film being so awful is that it had such a catchy title.  The movie has to be avoided at all costs, there are plenty of other movies out there that are much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I am a huge fan of the show "Arrested Development". I love the story lines, the characters and everything else about it. However, this movie completely disappointed me. The acting was very bad. I don't know what kind of director this was, or who was responsible for this one. The movie was over 30 minutes long, and I have seen movies that were this long that had no plot and were just made up of a bunch of people talking. The music was very low and the dialog was very awkward. The cinematography was horrible. It looked like a third rate Disney movie. The special effects were okay, but nothing compared to the other "Arrow" movies. I saw this one with a very heavy heart. It was so bad I wish it never happened again. It is one of the worst movies ever made. I would have rather seen an episode of "Arrival" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first few minutes of this film are pretty promising. It shows a couple of interesting characters (Nico and Alex) as they talk about their lives. Then the plot thickens, and the movie loses its interest. What's the point of all that if the script is awful? It's so bad it's not funny, but it's bad enough that it makes me want to give up. A film this bad cannot be made into something good. There are several scenes that don't make any sense and a whole bunch of characters that are completely unnecessary. It's not that the script sucks, it's just so awful it makes it hard to even enjoy the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with an extended flashback sequence. This is followed by the usual trailer and one or two commercials, although this film does not appear to be directed by any director known to me. We get a few moments of some sort of action, and then the movie goes straight into the movie's first section.  The only thing worth mentioning is that the characters seem to have a few more lines than they normally do in other films. The story itself, however, is not very good, and there are many instances where the plot can get a bit too predictable, and the acting is not nearly as good as it normally is.  I really wish I had given this movie a 1/10, but I was so desperate for a quick, cheap thrill that I decided to give it a 1.5/10. The fact that this is one of the worst movies ever made is really the only thing that saves it from being a complete waste of time. This movie is the absolute WORST of the bunch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie's sole purpose is to be a quickie, nothing more. The only thing that made this movie worthwhile was the fact that it looked like a really good movie: lots of blood, guts and guts. It's one of the few horror movies that were made in the late 70s/early 80s that actually have no real story or anything to say. It is just a bunch of blood and guts in a really slow way.  The gore is really low budget and there is no blood makeup involved (they used latex). But the whole thing just looks stupid. It looks like the makers used some cheap camera trickery to make it look like a real fight. The acting is so weak that it's hard to take your eyes off. The camera angles and lighting are so awkward that it really looks like they just used cheap video footage. The special effects were very weak. There are many scenes where the camera pans around and you see the camera moving back and forth in the background like a slow moving video. The lighting and effects are pretty bad and the gore doesn't look so real. But they did try to make the whole movie look like it was a real movie. But it just wasn't.  It's also kind of funny, because it's just so, so, bad. It has a very slow, cheesy soundtrack and is filled with one-liners and one-scene gags.  I was surprised by how much I laughed, because the movie was just so bad. And I just don't get it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie about a murder that took place in a remote location in the U.S. (probably somewhere in the middle of the Sahara Desert). The killer is a psychopath who had been in prison for many years and is now free, and it is the responsibility of a small group of villagers to find out what happened to him.  The film contains too many unnecessary scenes (the "real" murder took place more than twenty years earlier) and fails to provide any plot or character development whatsoever. It also includes a lot of stock footage, in a poor attempt to create a horror movie, that's more likely to appeal to the American viewers. The actors don't do much better; most are underdeveloped and there's no chemistry between them. I was expecting to see a good horror movie with the "torture" angle but this film falls flat.  I'm giving it a 2/10 rating and it's hard to give a negative rating because there's not much left to say about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how it got this rating but I did like the first one so I was not surprised.  It was a terrible mess. Not the best of horror movies and certainly not a good horror movie. It's just a horrible mix of a really bad movie and a very bad script.  There was some good moments and some really good gore but the overall direction and editing were just too low. If you like a bad horror movie then I guess this is what you're looking for. If not, I would suggest not watching this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was not the best movie I've seen, but I liked the story and the acting.  But then they had to use some cheap tricks in the last scene to make it into a commercial. I would like to see them do the same to a good movie. This movie was just bad. I'm really disappointed because they didn't even make the movie interesting.  I would rate it a 1/10. It's not that bad, but not good either. I just wish that they would put more effort into making the movies better, instead of making it just to make money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second movie in the series of movies about a bunch of people having sex with each other. They're a bunch who are really good at sex and can do whatever they want to do with eachothers bodies. However, they can only take so much of it and they eventually run out of steam. So the guy they call "King" has to come up with a way to keep up with the rest of them. He comes up with an idea of a giant wall that can hold the rest in. The problem is that it's made of solid rock. So he has to get a bunch out of the way and build this giant wall.  There's a lot of boring stuff about this and the only thing worth mentioning is that the director was a co-star of the first movie. So I can't say much else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, the characters are so dull and one dimensional that it is hard to believe that this film could be a movie at all. There is a reason why most movies have characters who are so interesting that you don't even notice that they are not in the movie.  This movie has no redeeming quality whatsoever. It is nothing but a series of shots, and scenes, and not a story.  The plot is completely pointless. No character was worth watching more than 2 minutes. I had to re-watch the whole movie 3 times because I just couldn't get the plot to work. I can't say that the director and actors were a bad director/actors, they were just not the best in the job.  One of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read this book and found it utterly awful. I couldn't believe that a film made of such a weak story, so little action, and so little interest could have been so successful. I didn't think it could have gotten that far. I thought that people who think that they have read the book must have really missed out on all the details. I mean, there were only a handful of characters. It had the same script, except the story was told backwards and the scenes were cut back to the beginning.  One character had a girlfriend that got killed in the first part of the movie. That's what makes it so terrible. This movie had a character who would actually be a good actress. She was a girl who lived in a town in Scotland, and had a crush on a boy. I think that this would have been a good movie if it had been a real girl. This was an absolute waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My husband and I watched this on DVD, and it was not a good movie. It is a film with no real story line, no real character development, and no real action. This is not a movie for the faint of heart. If you're looking for a really bad movie, go ahead. If not, just turn it off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what happens when you hire a director that wants to be the next Spielberg, but who knows what his next project will be like. The only thing that I found interesting was the fact that the movie was set in an era of war, but there was absolutely nothing there to show how people lived during the war and how it affected them. If you look at the picture closely you can find traces of actual WWII propaganda films that were made, but were never used to help inspire the movie. There were some very interesting moments, but overall it's a complete failure. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not one to enjoy films with too many twists and turns, but I was actually expecting some decent acting, and instead got the worst acting of any film I've ever seen. In fairness, there was plenty of comedy, and I enjoyed it quite a bit, but it was nothing to the point where I could recommend it to anyone else. The director, Eric Van Lustig, does a good job with his films, but the acting was very weak. The only good point was the movie's ending. I wish there were more films with a better script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie when I was 7 years old, but my mom got me it when I turned 13. I really thought it was a very funny movie, but when I saw it again recently I realized that it was not funny at all, it was just stupid. I know it has its fans, but I would have been happier if it just stayed that way. I can't believe how much money was spent on it. I guess they were making money off of it.  The acting was pretty bad and I felt it was trying to be "awesome", but it wasn't. The music was pretty weak, and I found it just annoying to listen to it. The whole movie was just a waste of time. The story line was completely pointless and boring, and the plot didn't make sense at all. I think this movie has lost a lot of money and it's pretty embarrassing to watch.  It was just plain awful.  My rating is a 1. I don't know why anyone ever thought this movie was funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so slow, the pacing is so predictable, the plot so bland, the characters so bland. And the acting! I mean, really. The guy who plays the "bad guy" talks and acts so much like he's from the 1970's, you know what I mean?   And there are so many inconsistencies. The kid who plays "the bad guy" who's played by the same actor as the kid who played the "good guy" in the first movie is named "Casper". The boy in the car who's the same age as the little girl who's in the next scene is named Jasper. The girl who gets hit by the car is named Jessica. And, the whole movie. It's just not worth watching. If you're expecting a great thriller, this isn't the movie for you. If it wasn't for the fact that the plot is so stupid and poorly written, I would have given it a 3 out of 10. But, the movie doesn't deserve an 8 out of a 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very much like a horror movie that takes place in an underground bunker, with a lot of creepy stuff happening. It's very much lacking in atmosphere and even the gore is a little lacking.  It also features a very predictable and clichd story, although the story is interesting enough for it to be a waste of time. The film is only about half an hour long, so even if you like this type of horror movie you will probably be bored by the whole thing. If you are into this type and have a low tolerance for the usual clichs, you will likely enjoy the film, but will be very disappointed if you want to see anything like this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this piece of trash, it is so unbelievable that the idea was that the two young women had a relationship, but it turns out that they had nothing of substance to do with each other. The two are so awful that I can't believe that anyone in their right mind would watch this movie and give it a chance. If you want to see a bad film, watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am writing this review because I am a fan of all the actors in this movie. I like every actor in this film except for one. He is supposed to be the main character in the movie, but he really did not do anything for the whole movie. He was completely useless. He had no character at all, and was only able to act like a bully. The movie was so uninteresting that I thought the whole thing was just made up for a laugh. I don't recommend this movie for anyone to watch unless you want to see a bunch of people acting in a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had a great concept, but was a complete waste of time. It was just awful, it's a waste of your time and I hope the makers of the movie got a slap on the wrist because they wasted it on such a bad film. It's like if they got a bunch of kids and made a movie about them, the kids would be angry, and if they didn't they would be sad and maybe even pissed. That's what this movie was like. If they could have just put a funny song in the beginning and just put in some humor then maybe it could have been better.  All in all it was a waste. The story line was stupid and didn't make sense at all. The movie made no sense and that was just the tip of the iceberg. I wish the people who made this movie would come out and say "This was a bad idea" and then go on to make a movie better. This movie would have made less money and probably not even made the makers any money.   It's a pity the makers didn't get fired for this. I know there are other people who would like to see this movie, and I'll bet that they will just as soon watch it over the one and a half hour movie that I made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't care about movies where people fight with other people, but I do care about them where people are killed by other people. I know people say the story is interesting, and that they don't see it that way, but they do see it as a way to bring it to a movie theater and get people to sit there and watch it. I don' have a problem with that, but this one seemed to be a waste of time and energy. The movie started with a bunch of people and then turned into a bunch more people and that was it.  The people in the movie didn't seem to know what the movie was about, or if they did they wouldn't tell us. And then they told us that they didn't care, that the movie wasn't a good movie, and the people who killed people weren't the heroes of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry, but I really, really don't understand why anyone who was watching this film in the first place thinks it's anything other than a piece of crap. The plot is an utter waste of time. I really think they should have made it a little longer.  The characters are just flat, boring and stupid. They are never allowed to develop in any way.   The acting is pretty bad, and the story is just plain boring and awful. I don't care if this movie was made in Italy, I just don't think it should have been made in the US.  It really looks like an episode of Seinfeld.  That's not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're expecting a "good" film like this, you're going to be sorely disappointed.  I thought the story was alright but the acting was awful.  The characters didn't even feel like they were supposed to be anything but cardboard characters. Some of the characters have names (and the actor did a great job as a cop) but the only reason we care about them is because of the plot. I'm a sucker for this type of thing and was disappointed to find this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this movie. The acting is laughable. And the plot was too ridiculous.  It's like some people had the idea of a show where a person would go on and talk about the things that happened to them in their life and it would end up being some sort of soap opera. There's a lot of sex in this movie, but the only way they could make it seem believable was to make the characters act like they were having sex. I could see how they could try to make it look realistic. The whole movie is just a mess.  There was no actual plot to speak of, which is really disappointing considering how much money was spent. I mean, this movie could have been one of those "make a million dollar movie" type movies where the characters get together and have sex with each other and then you watch it for a billion dollars. No. It was like they had the whole idea that this movie would end with the two characters getting married and having a family and that the whole movie would be about them having kids. They didn't even try. The only way you can really make a movie like this is if you don't know how to write. The writers did nothing but try to write a bunch of crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I spent hours watching this movie. It was so slow and boring and so confusing that it made the whole time of it almost impossible to stay focused. We were able to stay engaged in the plot, but there was no real action to be had.  This movie was completely pointless. We spent the entire time wondering if it would end when the credits rolled. I know that I can never see this movie without wanting to pull the plug and watch it over and over again. The only thing I can say for this movie is that it has been released on DVD by a different company than we purchased it from. If you want a movie that has the same quality of the DVD release, go buy it from a different retailer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thought on this film was that it was going to be a horror movie. It wasn't. This is a comedy that would've made John Landis blush. If it were a horror flick, I would've loved it.  I was not impressed by the writing, acting, directing or any of the production value of this film. It's not a bad film but it's definitely not a fun one. I did laugh at the fact that he made a man's eyes roll from the laughter, which I thought was hilarious.  The plot was a little weak but I laughed anyway. If you're looking for a laugh, don't waste your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't even a decent "B-movie". It's just a bunch of people talking at each other. This is the only thing that could make this movie stand out. The cast is awful, the story is weak, and the actors don't have much to work with.  But the director is on a roll, and it's not a coincidence. The movie looks like a rough cut of a movie that got cut in half and then left on the cutting room floor. It's not even a good joke.  It's a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, in my opinion, is an absolute disaster. The cast is so unappealing, the plot is so weak and it just really doesn't make sense that the characters all get off their couches, and talk about each other like they're in a movie. The only good thing about it is that it was in the '90s and that should make the actors look a little more like a bunch of high school students. This film is a complete disappointment and you'll probably be flipping out over the fact that it's made in such a low budget. There are a few funny parts, but the rest of the movie is a horrible mess.  The movie should never have been made. There's no way it should have come out as an R rating. It's just one of those movies that would have made an idiot think that they had a chance.  I wish that this was just a terrible piece of work that a studio could release without anyone's approval. It should have been left in the dark and forgotten. I would like to see that film never made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title says it all. A film where nothing really happens. A very sad movie that could have been interesting if the story wasn't so shallow and uninteresting.  The main character is a very dull, uninteresting woman, who never speaks or acts. The story is very vague and I had no interest in the story at all. The film does not have a great cast, so the acting was OK, but not great. It had an interesting concept, but was not very convincing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so poorly made and poorly acted that I just sat through the whole thing and had to take a couple of hours to stop watching it and watch something else.  It's an extremely sad movie and I would not recommend it to anyone. There are so many plot holes and such a bad plot that I could not even explain it to the person who made the movie.  The best part was the "taser". I would be embarrassed to admit that I ever made a joke about it in my life, but that's what this movie is about, it's about a taser. This movie should never have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not a bad film, but it is not really a good movie. I thought the story was interesting and the acting was good. The directing was awful, I just think it would have been better if it had been a shorter movie.  The story is about an American who moves to Japan to marry a Japanese girl. It should be the other way around. He meets the girl and decides to marry her. But she is a bad girl, and she kills the American husband in the beginning.  In the end, they are both killed in a car accident.  It's just a bad, slow, low-budget Japanese horror film that you would have to see to understand the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the reviews of the DVD version of this movie, and was a bit taken aback. How can this be a comedy if it has the characters and plot of a horror film? A horror film should have all the horror elements intact. The only horror elements in this film are those that come at the expense of the plot, such as blood, gore, and zombies. This film has no plot, no character development, no laughs, and nothing that makes you want to turn off the DVD.  In the end, this movie just goes on for too long and it doesn't make sense. It doesn't even make sense if you have seen all the other horror films on DVD. It is so confusing that I cannot figure out what happened to the characters in the film. The movie is full of holes, holes, and holes that I just don't know how to explain.  The DVD version is a total waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it was a great idea, but it was so horribly poorly done and the acting was so bad that I couldn't understand what was going on for a few minutes. The story was interesting enough to follow, but the story was not believable. The plot was completely incoherent and pointless. The pacing was also terrible. The characters were completely uninteresting. The only thing that made the film interesting was the final twist which was completely predictable. I can only assume that whoever wrote this script really didn't care about the characters. It was simply a vehicle for the writer to say that he made a bad film. That's all it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film with a friend in the theatre and it was awful. There was nothing good about it and nothing to recommend it. It was so horrible I just sat and stared at the screen. It's a shame to see such a wasted film and waste a movie like this. I can't imagine how they managed to get such a terrible film out. I have seen better and funnier films and I really want to see this movie again, but I know they won't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst horror film I have ever seen. I thought it was going to be the worst movie I've ever seen, but it was not. This is one of the worst movies I've seen. This movie had nothing to do with horror and the actors had absolutely no talent. I would rate this a 2 out of 10.  I give it a 2. I give this movie a 2 because I believe it was made by a director who was on a list that was made to be put on the worst films ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the original version, the title is "Erotic Story" and in the American release the title was "The Story of Sex." I don't think I'm alone in feeling that there was a disconnect between the title and the content of the movie. I've seen "Sex" since it was released and I can honestly say I'm not a fan of the original. This movie is an embarrassment of a mess, with absolutely no content to speak of. It's a boring, pointless and over-long, and most likely poorly acted.  I've already stated that I am not a big fan of "Sex", but this movie completely failed to do anything with it that was worthwhile. It is a completely empty movie.  If the director had the guts to make a movie without making a complete mockery of a good movie, this movie would have been much better. I would have liked to see some more action and sex, but this is a movie for people who don't like to see sex in movies.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be "The Tale of the Little Devil", but when I first saw the trailer, it was all about the monster. I couldn't even remember the name of the creature that was supposed the protagonist. And the director (William H. Masterson) gave away the fact that the monster is a demon. I guess this is why the audience did not care much for the movie. The creature was a big monster, it wasn't even scary. I found it more entertaining to watch the monster get eaten by other demons.  I wouldn't recommend watching it unless you are bored and you want to see the monster eat something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so excited to see this film, I went to see it in the theater, and watched it in an almost silent theater, but it turned out to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The movie was so poorly made, and the script is so dull, I was amazed I was even watching it. It is a sad example of the film making industry in the 1980s. The cinematography is bad, the soundtrack is bad and the actors are all over the place.  This film is the epitome of how bad films can be made in the 80s. It really is a shame to waste so much money on such a film.  If you want to see a really, really, terrible film, look no further than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character, a "cocoon" with the ability to see, is supposed to be a former World War II fighter pilot, who has had a change of heart and wants to return to being a fighter pilot again. He was killed in WWII. The movie's premise is a bit off, and the acting is very bad. It was so bad that I actually started laughing.  But the story, which is not really much at all, is what really made this movie a real disappointment. The main cast members are terrible, and there is really no reason to care about the characters at all. I don't think they were supposed to give us any sort of believable story line. I just wanted to see the main characters get killed and get the story out of the way.  It's just a waste of time, and a bad film overall.  The movie looks like a cheap action movie that the director couldn't write. I think the director and the writer didn't even bother to read the script.  If you want to see an action movie, go see Rocky, but don't expect a Rocky rip-off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad that I cannot even be surprised by its existence. It starts out good, then goes downhill, fast. It tries to have it both ways. On the one hand it pretends to be "film-based" (the first movie) and on the other hand it is an old fashioned, two hour TV program. It is just too bad to be even called a "film."  It is so terrible that it's hard to tell how much money was spent on it. The "art department" spent $2,000 to make this thing. That is less than half a day's salary for the whole staff. The crew was so disorganized that there were no sets, sets, scenes or anything. There were no scenes. There was no dialog. There are no scenes that had any emotional weight to them. It was just an average, two hours TV show that was made into a two hour movie.  I give it a zero. It's a waste of time. The only positive thing about it was that the actors were good. The actors did their best. The cast, directors and camera crew made a mess of it, but at least they were not trying to make a "filmed" movie. You are better off making a TV show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen many other bad movies in the last 10 years, but this one was the worst. The film is absolutely unbelievable. The script is completely unbelievable. It's basically an excuse to use actors who don't seem to know how to act in their movies. They seem to do their best work when the camera is in their hands, but when they are out of the frame, their lack of experience shows.  The plot is a huge disappointment because it's basically the same old same old plot that we've seen dozens of times before. The acting is a bit better because some of the actors have been in other movies that weren't as terrible as this one. I just hope that they are still able to get it together because I can't see this movie getting a positive review in a magazine. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching the first 15 minutes of the film, I got very sad. I just wanted to watch the rest of the movie but I was so bored.  This film has very little humor. There are no jokes that make you laugh. The actors are not very good and the direction is very slow. In the beginning it looks like the movie is going to be very funny. After that, it looks dull.  The movie is very long, but the movie has to be at least a half hour to have any sort of entertainment value. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just not good. I was not amused by the ridiculous idea that there was a real life video of a "woman who is a little girl" riding a motorcycle. That was just too much. The only thing worse than a stupid movie like this is when a person with the mental capacity of a 12 year old shows how stupid it really is. The actors in this are awful. I don't even think they have a brain. I just think they're terrible at being actors. They do not seem to understand the concept of a good movie or anything.  The worst part is that you can't tell the story from the opening credits. The acting, which could have been better, is probably the worst thing in the whole movie. The fact that you don't care that this movie was bad is pretty strange.  This movie is just a waste of your time. It's as if they knew it would be bad and didn't care. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Little Mermaid" is a very slow, very boring film. There is no excitement to be found, no real chemistry between the characters, and very little plot to be explored. The only redeeming feature of the film is the fact that it manages to get a very cute, very silly female lead, but only after an hour or so of watching. I've seen better female leads than this one.  The only good thing about this film is that it stars Michelle Pfeiffer as Belle. However, I doubt that anyone else would have given it as much as a 10 rating, and if you were to see it today you'd be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the middle of the 80's the "American Pie" movies were released on DVD and DVD. This movie was one of those. It was actually called "American Movie: A Slapstick Movie". You can't tell me it was not released on video. It probably had some effect on the movie business at the time. Some people were able to make it out of the "slapstick" and see the movie, but there are so many other "slaps" that they could have done instead. This is not the movie that "American" fans are expecting. It is not a fun, cute, or funny movie. It has a very slow pace and a very bad script. Some characters are not likable and the story is not believable. It makes a joke of "American Idol" which I do not understand how the producers can say that "the movie is about a bunch of guys who are really hot and pretty girls". They should have made it about "a bunch of hot and stupid guys". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this movie should really be, "Crazy" (the story itself has been done so many times that I don't even know where to begin). It is a complete waste of time. If the story is so unbelievable that it can be considered believable, why even bother making it? Why not just make a joke or two? Why even bother with the title of the movie? The story is an absolute mess, and there are several problems with the directing, and acting as well. The actors are completely wasted and the acting in general is so-so. The movie is not funny and I can't imagine anyone in their right mind laughing at it. It's a complete train wreck, I mean it's like an episode of "Halloween Horror". It's not funny at all. The idea of a young girl and a teacher seeing each other and making out after a long night in the attic is so stupid and so unbelievable. Why would anyone believe it?  It would be a fun movie, but it's a waste of your time.  If you are in the mood for a comedy, or a low-budget horror, then check out "The Grudge" instead. But be warned, it's not as funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely horrible. The acting is awful and the script is a disgrace. The movie is about an alcoholic who is getting to his wife's home. He wants to kill himself, but the wife's mother, played by a completely inept actress, tells him not to. She says that he'll be happier if he takes his wife to a bar. He goes and he drinks himself into a coma.  When he comes to, the wife is in the middle of some kind of coma. She's in the hospital bed, and the guy comes out of her coma. He grabs her by her hair and kills her. It's a horrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen worse movies in my life and I am pretty sure I am going to see worse movies than this. The acting was bad, the story wasn't even remotely believable, the music was not catchy, the camera angles were terrible and there was a lot of editing going on. I just don't get it. The movie was so bad that I think the scriptwriters have no idea how to make movies. The plot was completely unreadable. The characters were all completely unlikeable and it was really obvious that they didn't care about the story they were making. The only thing that was vaguely interesting was the music, but I think that was more of a marketing gimmick than a good movie.  In the movie's defense, the director did do a decent job. He made a few cool effects, but most of them weren't believable and the film seemed rushed. The cinematography was not bad, but it wasn't anything special either.  The movie had a very poor cast, but the director should be commended for doing his best.  This movie isn't worth your time, it is just a waste of time. Don't waste your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very disappointing movie, to be honest. It's basically an ad for a bad car, so it's no surprise it's bad. A couple of scenes, however, were very amusing (especially the part where a woman walks to the toilet), but the rest of the movie was completely unwatchable.  The film tries to be funny, but it's really not. It is a waste of time for anyone who hasn't already seen the movie. It has a lot of problems. First of all, there is a giant red monster who is just a big red lump. There are scenes where he is eating people and you can hear him munching on their flesh, so this is a bad film on the grounds of being unwatchably silly. The movie also tries to get people to feel bad for it's hero by showing them getting a bad grade on a bad paper.  A couple other things about the film are pretty funny - the girl is in love with the guy (they meet in the woods) who is in the car with her. When she sees him in the passenger seat, she's very embarrassed and she asks him to kiss her, and he does, but he keeps looking away from her.  And the ending is absolutely awful - they don't really do anything but get away from the police and run away together. The girl is so distraught that she tries to kill herself by eating poison, but she's too late, because she's already dead. So they leave the car and start walking down the street, but the guy still keeps looking at her. That's it, that's the end of that.  I can't recommend this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got off of a train and saw this, and I thought that was odd, because the movie was not that bad, just boring. I thought it was just one of those things, where the actor was supposed to be a good actor and was a bad one, and it just happened to have the wrong title, and then they went ahead and made a sequel anyway. The first movie was OK, and this movie is only OK because the actors don't seem to be trying to get the movie to make money.  I'm sorry to say that I found the movie boring and poorly acted.  The movie is about a woman who goes to her sister's house and gets killed. Her sister is so afraid of her she tells her husband that she wants her dead. The woman is called Sarah and she is an older lady, so it's hard to believe she's going to be that scary. The movie doesn't really make a lot of sense, and there's a whole lot of acting in it that I couldn't care less about, and a few parts that just don't make any sense. The acting in the movie is bad, and the only reason I'm rating it at a 1 is because it's so much like a low budget horror movie, which makes it a lot less scary.  One thing that I thought was interesting was the fact that the movie had a lot more gore in it than most horror movies. It was just like an episode of "Saw" except with a bit of blood and guts and I didn't really like it.  This movie has the worst acting ever in a movie ever made. The only reason it is rated as a 2 on IMDb is because the acting was OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was surprised when I first heard that "Masters of Sex" was going to be an R rated film. The trailer looked like it might be something you might see on Showtime. But it was actually a B+ rated film, so I was not too worried. Then I saw the trailer for "Mates", and it seemed so similar to "Masts". I had to sit down and re-watch "Mats", and I was really shocked. "Mads" was just awful, and I thought it had the potential to be much better. But I still think that the makers had a hard time getting the idea across that they could make a film as entertaining as "Maths".  If you like "Mast", don't waste your time watching "Moles". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really bad, I can't say much else except that I think that the actors are not good. I thought that they were doing a bit of character development, but it wasn't the case. In fact it looked as if they just made up the characters.  I was expecting a better movie than this, but I was really disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a complete waste of time. It is not funny, not funny at all, and has no plot whatsoever. It has no story, no humor, and even the dialogue was made up of half sentences. It had no meaning or purpose. It was just a bunch of characters talking to each other in the middle of the night. I cannot believe that anyone even bothered to make this movie. It would have been better if this was made by some random person who was not in the know. This movie was made to get you to watch it on TV and make people go, "Wow, that's what TV is about!". That would have made the movie better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget, extremely low budget version of "The Last Jedi", it is very disappointing. I know I shouldn't expect much from a "Star Wars" remake. But this was just such a bad imitation that I couldn't really bring myself to watch it. It was an incredibly predictable, formulaic and boring "Star" that left no impression on me whatsoever. The only redeeming point is that the original Star Wars movies were so much better than this, but this was so far below par, it's a wonder why Disney decided to release this movie.  The plot is extremely lame, and the story is incredibly predictable. The character's motivations are completely meaningless and just flat out stupid. The special effects were actually pretty good though, and at least the music score was okay. The acting was just terrible, and I felt no connection to the characters at all.  I know that some people have criticized the movie for its lack of originality, and that's probably true. It's a really tired "Star", and there's really nothing new about it. But the movie still made me laugh about 10 times, and had me watching through the end credits like I was stuck in traffic. I can't recommend this movie at all, even for cheap, so it's probably better to just wait for the "Episode 8" or "Star Trek" movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad, it was so predictable. It's not even funny.  The only reason why I watched this was because of the movie "Dressed To Kill", which I still watched because it was an action movie. This movie isn't even an action flick.  There's no character development or humor. And the acting is awful. I mean, I can't believe they made such an awful movie. I know this isn't a big deal, but this movie sucked. It was so flat, I could have made out any joke. I think I watched it so fast because I was looking for something to laugh at, but I didn't get any laughter.  I gave the rating 4 out of 10. It is a waste of time, but you can't get too mad over a bad flick. It made me want to rip my copy of "Dress To Kill" off my wall. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had been expecting a lot from this movie. The acting was bad, the directing was not good, the story was lame, and the only redeeming factor was that there was a good movie about the original Rocky movie starring Michael Caine. I was expecting this movie to be better than the original, but I did not expect it to be this bad. The story is unbelievable. It's so lame and predictable. I think the director had absolutely no clue what was going on. The pacing is so slow that you can see the story starting to develop much earlier than it should have. The film is so dull and pointless.  The ending is terrible.  I can't believe that the original movie has been completely ruined.  This movie is basically a remake of the first movie, which, if you've seen it, you can tell by the fact that it's not quite as funny.  And yet, the director of this movie thinks that Rocky is still the greatest movie ever made.   I would like to think that this movie was made by someone with no understanding of the original film, and has not seen any of the other sequels either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is completely devoid of the sort of fun and spontaneity that is essential to the genre.  It's so dull and tedious that you don't even notice that it's not supposed to be a comedy. It's almost as if they thought it would be a real treat for audiences to see them do their best impression of a low-budget comedy, and then, just because it's low budget, they would have to try to top it, even if the result is just plain lame. There is no humor, no slapstick, no real plot. It doesn't even have a proper title (for all intents and purposes, it's just a bunch of guys in their hotel room talking to each other) to give it a proper feel.  The movie has no characters, and the whole thing seems to be set up so that the characters get to say what they want to say in every scene, in every way possible. It has no real point. The movie's concept is to make it seem like you're in the same room with them, so you'll know they're having fun. It does this by having every scene in the movie take place in a hotel room, so that you can actually hear the conversation you're supposed to hear. But the movie's so slow and awkward that it becomes a chore to watch the two guys talk. I've seen movies that have better dialogue than this, and I've never seen anything so boring.  As a matter of fact, the movie isn't even funny, it just looks like it was made to be funny. It looks as if someone took a bunch old people's ideas for a bad comedy and turned it into a bad joke.  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. I would like to say that I watched this movie with the intent of criticizing it, but, unfortunately, I had already given it my approval in the form of the review I'm about to post.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful, and its bad enough that it actually made it onto TV.  The acting is so bad that even with the low budget I could have found better, even at the expense of the DVD/Blu-ray. The acting, cinematography, and even the story are awful. The characters are so flat that you just want to rip the DVD and throw it out of the window. It's like a bad low budget TV show with poor acting and horrible direction. The story is predictable, and the ending is just so stupid.  If you want to watch a bad film, this is the one to go for. But don't expect it to be as good as the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In its entirety, this movie has absolutely nothing to do with the subject matter. I watched it because I was interested in the music and the movie itself, but after watching it, I had no interest in the film. In fact, I felt the music in the movie was incredibly lame and that the plot was completely pointless. In the end, I was just bored and didn't care if anyone in the audience cared about the movie.  In addition, the acting was terrible.  The music and scenery in the opening scenes were a joke, as was the whole story, and the actors were all terrible. This movie is not worthy of being in the "real" world, because it lacks a plot and doesn't even try to tell a story.  If you are interested in listening to an excellent jazz music movie, go watch "Satisfaction", which is a much better movie. It is also a more serious movie. However, this film is just plain awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just can't get past this movie. It's so awful, I just don't want to watch it. The cast and crew make this so obvious with their acting, and even the story makes no sense! It's like the actors were just there to make the film. I've seen worse in the form of movies, but this is just so pointless and boring! I just want to rip off my own television, put the pieces back together and put it on again. This is so so so boring I don't even want to bother watching it! It makes no attempts to have a story and a plot. All it does is try to shock us with sex and violence. And that's what I call a waste of time. If you're not willing to waste time on a movie that has no story, then you don't deserve to watch any movies.  It's one of those movies that I would like to avoid, but I just cannot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just got this on DVD and watched it for the first time. I was already unhappy with this because it was so low budget and so un-interesting, but I was amazed at how poorly it was done.  The script, direction and acting were so awful, and the story itself was so poorly put together that I had to turn it off. There was no reason to ever turn it on, because there was no way to tell what was happening onscreen unless you saw the entire thing. The only way I know what was going on was by looking at the video on DVD. I just wish the director had put a lot more effort into the acting and the direction. I felt as if the director just made this so he could get some free publicity.  I didn't get what was supposed to happen in the movie and I didn the first 10 minutes.  If you are going to see this, don't bother. Don't waste your time. Just turn it back on. You won't enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so badly made and poorly done, I could not stop watching it. I watched it twice and it was just a waste of time.  The only good thing I can say about this movie is that the movie looks pretty funny! I just couldn't help but laugh during the whole thing. The only reason why I don't give this movie a 1/10 is because I found it amusing that the guy in the movie was being attacked by zombies.  That was the only positive I can give it. But, as a 10, it is the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the whole thing only to find out the movie was actually made in 1999. And that is when I realized how awful it was. It was terrible. No story, no direction, and worst of all, it was the first movie I've ever seen where there was actually a villain (or what I thought was a villain) in the movie!  The movie was about a guy who had a really really big problem and was trapped in the house he lived in with his brother. He is a really annoying person and eventually kills his brother with a giant hammer.  The whole movie was a series of flashbacks with very little in the way of action or any story lines. The only thing I liked was the fact that it was made in 1998 and not 1999, but that is about the only thing. The movie could have been made by a really talented film-maker. It would have been one of the worst movies I've seen in my life.  In the end, the movie has a few funny moments and really has no redeeming qualities. I would not recommend it to anyone. It's a waste of time and not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just not funny at all. It just sucks and there is no point to it. I saw the trailer for this movie on an adult site and I found it to be extremely funny.  I was expecting a fun, fast paced, low-budget comedy. I was hoping that it would be fun and funny but I was very disappointed. I'm a bit of a horror fan, and I am not a big comedy fan either. I have watched the horror movies on this site and found them to be a lot more entertaining than this one.  If you want a comedy that will be boring and boring and then end in a slow, unsatisfying and uninspired manner, this movie is the way to go. If you are looking for something that will make you look like an idiot and then have fun with it, this is not the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very short and contains very little plot. However, the story and the acting is OK. The actors are very average. It's a real shame that this movie is so low quality. This movie could have been a good film, but this one just doesn't do it for me.  The only reason I gave it 3/10 is because I was expecting an adventure film and I was very disappointed. The script is bad, the acting and directing is awful, and the plot is so thin it's laughable. This is not a good movie, but I don't know if I'd rate it so low because of the premise or because of how the movie turned out. Either way, it's just a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't even know how to review a bad film, but I'm sure it was made in a few days and I'm guessing that there are many more than what are listed here.  I've seen it so many times that I don' think I know anything anymore, except for the fact that it isn't a joke. I'll give the guy who wrote it a 10/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My opinion about this movie was that it was a waste of time and money. It was not that good of a movie but what was good was the performances by most of the actors. However, I cannot say that the movie was a masterpiece but it was not the worst movie I have ever seen. The only thing I did not like about the movie were the horrible special effects and that there was no music to get me excited. I think that this movie could have been made much better and with better special effects.   I do recommend watching this movie but do not waste your time and buy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this film is being made as it has just been released. This is so far from anything I've ever seen. The acting is a mess, the storyline is boring and the ending is utterly pointless. It is just so disappointing that it is actually being made.  I don't think it's possible to make a film that is so poorly made and so poorly received and still get awards. This isn't even a bad film, it's just awful. I really hope that this film gets an official release, as I'm sure there will be more films like this made. In the meantime, I would recommend that anyone who watches this film go and buy a copy of The Simpsons Movie. It's far better than this rubbish. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has been so completely unbelievable that I can hardly believe it exists. I mean, even the most boring movie of the year was better. I am absolutely disgusted. The acting was so unbelievable I didn't even notice it was supposed to be an acting challenge.  There are no scenes that weren't completely awful. If you like this type of thing, don't bother. Just don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an extremely shallow, one-note, poorly-written and overly sentimental piece of crap. I think that this film was probably the worst movie I've ever seen, except for maybe "Wicked" when I saw it on TV, because it had a little more character development.  I give it a 4 out of 10 because it has the most characters, but it's still a very mediocre effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've heard that this film is "award winning" in the foreign film festival world. However, I have to say that this was a horrible movie, even for the low budget that this piece of trash was. I don't care what other people think. I just want to see my movies, so I'm giving this a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a bad film. It's just that it's just plain awful. It is so boring that it makes you want to rip the DVD and throw it in the trash can.  The main cast is a bit wooden, but that isn't really a bad thing. A cast like that should be fun, not so boring. This isn't a great film. But it is not a terrible film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an unoriginal script, poor directing and acting, and the characters are not even remotely believable. This is a poor excuse to make a low budget film. The only reason this movie is so low budget is because of the actors. The rest of the cast is terrible.  The whole thing feels like it was made by someone who wanted to be the next "I love horror" film, but just couldn't come up with a script that was bad enough to merit the $20,000 budget.  I can understand that the film was made for a student film festival, and that the filmmakers were making the movie as a showcase for their acting chops. But they had to come up a little higher than that, right? This was a cheap film that only earned $5,000. The producers should have been ashamed of themselves for wasting such a huge portion of the budget on such a piece of crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got to see this film in the cinema room of a cinema in London when it was first released in 1985. It was terrible. It's not even worth talking about. The acting was not very good and it was so obviously made for a kids' film. I was in the theatre for the whole film and was only able to leave for a few minutes. I had to go and see a different film and it wasn't so bad, but I can't imagine how it made it onto the DVD. It is a shame that this movie has not been released on DVD and made into some kind of DVD-Awards. It should be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the first two parts of this movie, and they were just fine. But the third part of this was so terribly bad that I thought it would be funny if someone was to do a movie with the first three parts of the movie, then just remove the last three minutes and do it again.  The first part was very predictable, and then the second part was awful.  I think the director should go back to the editing room and get a director's cut. I did like the first part, but it was so awful, I can't even remember what happened in the third.  It was just bad. I think it should have just been one movie and then they would have had the chance to watch the rest of the movies. The third movie is so awful that I actually wanted to see the second, but I was afraid of the horror of watching it and losing all of the time that I spent watching this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this, and it really made me sad.  It is just so much worse than the movie "Hudson's Travels". It was so bad, I had to make a separate review.  And to the people who think it was good, you are just so stupid! I'm sorry, I didn't think it would be a bad film, but it was a total failure. The only thing I really liked about it was the ending, but that wasn't enough to save it. I think the whole thing should have ended with a whimper.  This movie made me cry like a little girl. And I hate it!  I really do want to know what was going on in the minds of those who made this movie. Please, if you have a clue, please don't let it be released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is pretty much just the same old "I Love You" song with a different theme, and a different soundtrack, and that's pretty much it. This isn't a bad film by any means, but it's really just an average, and very predictable, romantic comedy. The main problem with the movie is that it is so predictable that it's almost predictable. I think this is a bad mistake. In fact, I'd argue that the movie isn't bad at all, because I can't think of a worse romantic comedy than this one. It's just a bad, average, average romantic comedy, with the most annoying parts being the part where the main character's boyfriend goes to a dance club and the part in the nightclub where the boyfriend is playing the piano, and the parts where the lovers get drunk and act like teenagers. The whole movie was really annoying, and I found myself skipping parts just because I didn't want to have to sit through the same movie again. I wish the movie was made into a TV series, because the whole movie would be the same. I really wish they would have just made this one into a two-hour, 20-minute movie, so that I could just sit through it, and then it would all be the best thing ever.  The music is a little too generic to be good. The music in this movie is so awful, that it makes me sick. The movie even had some very bad musical effects, which are so bad, I had to turn it off. The acting is pretty weak, as usual. It doesn't make sense that the main characters are a married couple. The characters were so unlikable that I couldn't believe they had made it into this movie. The only reason I watched the movie twice was because I wanted to see if I was right. If you watch this movie, watch the movie again, and tell me again if I'm right.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story and characters are shallow, the dialog is stilted, and the story isn't really anything more than an excuse to insert a few jokes. If you're looking for something a little more meaningful and complex, there are plenty of other options. I can't say that I blame them. The script is quite thin, the acting is wooden, and there's really no redeeming quality in the film. I would say that this is the kind of film that you see to fill your quota for the day. I'm sorry that I've been unable to see it because I've felt that it was so uninteresting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film at the International Film Festival in Berlin, and I must say that I was very disappointed to find it so disappointing. The film was slow and awkward. It was not very original. It did not really fit in with the other films I saw there. The story was just plain stupid. I was hoping for something better. Unfortunately, this is not the case. I would have been happier if this film had just been a bunch of people playing tricks on each other, but no. In the end, there was not even a hint of anything resembling a plot. The director's style is quite different from other filmmakers in the genre. The camerawork, which seemed to be very slow and unfocused, was just awful. The direction was very predictable. In fact, I almost gave up on the movie. I just got bored, and then decided to take the rest of the day off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so sick of this film, I kept watching it over and over again.  The acting was so bad, it was unbelievable. This film is a huge waste of time and money. If they can get a decent acting team, then they should release the film as a TV series, not as a movie.  I would highly recommend avoiding this movie, because it has a very low rating of 2/10. It is not worth your time and it will be even worse after you watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie for the first time this morning at the local theater in Washington DC. It was terrible. I laughed at a couple of the jokes, but other than that I don't think it was very funny. The acting was not good and the story line didn't seem to make any sense. I can't say why it didn't have much impact on me, but if you're going to see it at all, don't waste your time. It's just a bad, stupid, poorly directed, uninteresting film. The actors did not seem to be in any kind of good mood and it seemed to be more like a bad film with an over-acting director.  It's probably the worst movie I've ever seen and I've seen better.  I think the studio was trying to create a bit of a mystery for the audience. I don a lot of horror movies and I was not really expecting this to be a horror movie, so I was actually surprised to see this. It didn't make a lot sense, didn't really have any atmosphere or really anything else to it, except for a few brief moments where the actors were trying to be funny. I just don't understand how a studio could think that this was a good idea.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a real laugh, I'll take this over The Dark Knight Rises any day. It's just too ridiculous for its own good. This movie has all the hallmarks of the worst Hollywood film I've ever seen. It starts out with a really silly plot that gets progressively worse as the movie progresses. Then the ending is utterly predictable and unengaging. And that's not even the worst part. The characters are totally unappealing and the acting is terrible. This is the kind of film that I would never even watch because I would just give up.  The cast is totally awful. The leading actor (who I guess you could argue is a bit more likable than the rest of the cast because he's a bit less over the top) is a total loser and a total waste of a talented actor. He doesn't seem to be able to hold a job as a professional actor because he can't get a job anywhere else.  All in all, I would have to say that this movie isn't even remotely funny. It has no redeeming value at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film that was basically made for the sole purpose of promoting a movie: "Rage Against The Machine" was a disaster, and I think that director James Cameron (who was on the crew) probably did not like the script for the movie. I think it would have been a good idea to make it a film, but it just wasn't the type of film that Cameron and the studio could have made.  The acting was bad and the cinematography was awful. The movie is about a bunch of people getting pissed at each other, and then the plot is nothing more than a bunch about how they do this over and over again, but you don't have to have that in your life. If you don' t have that, then I guess this movie is pretty useless. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has all the hallmarks of a poorly made B-grade comedy. In fact, it's so bad, I had to warn you all to watch it on your own.   It starts off with a pretty good script and even a nice twist ending but the plot falls apart under the weight of its own incompetence. It seems like the filmmakers have not made any real effort to research or craft this film so it's almost like the producers got a copy of "Manhattan" and just threw it together.  A real shame, considering this was directed by "Man, I Love You" and starred Kevin Bacon. It's an interesting premise and a decent script, but the filmmakers should have just kept it simple and gone with a standard comedy.  The plot isn't that original either. The main character seems to be a serial killer. But when he kills the people, he doesn't kill himself (though he gets his share of kills) and the cops don't believe him and even he still isn't dead, so they just let him off the hook. It was pretty pathetic but not as pathetic as the plot for "The Sixth Sense".  It's also got one of the worst supporting cast in recent years. It has two guys who can't act and two guys that just don't get the script.  There are no real jokes in the movie. It does have some great scenes but they just don's to add some tension. The cast is so wooden that you want to slap them in the face and send them to the hospital. And it's the worst acting I've ever seen in my life. The only thing that kept me laughing was the final girl, who played by the "The Hunger Games" star Jennifer Lawrence. She was very good in the first half of the movie and by the end of the film, you would have expected her to be dead. I just didn't know what to expect. I was so upset that I didn't like her character.  I guess the producers figured they could do a better job with the script and did so. The film is so boring that I felt like I was watching a TV show. The whole thing is just so stupid that you are just laughing at the end. And you can't blame the writers for that. They didn't get this script. I wish they could have gotten it the way it was supposed to be, but I can't say they did a bad job.  If you're not going
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a good movie and was disappointed by this. I just don't know what to say. I guess it's not bad at all but I'm a huge fan of the show, so I really wanted to enjoy it. I have no idea what was happening in this movie. I've seen the show many times and I always enjoyed it. But this was horrible. I would never recommend this movie to anyone because it just seems so amateurish. I really thought it was a waste of time, it's just really not that good. I'm not even sure why it exists. I don't think it would make much of a hit. It's just not worth watching.  I'm sure if I had seen the movie, I would have laughed it off. It was just so bad that I could have sworn I was watching a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is really boring and does not have much to offer. There are no surprises, the story has no depth and doesn't make a lot of sense. It is just so boring and uninteresting. The movie makes the viewer feel very uncomfortable and not in a good way. The characters are stupid and the plot is completely predictable. The director had to have a good story, but he did not do it. This movie was a waste of time, I recommend you to not watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure how much this film is a joke or just bad jokes. I think it's a joke. It has a very strange ending. It makes no sense, has no direction, and is just a waste of time.  I just think it was a waste. The story was just not believable, and I think the humor was not worth the time. There were no jokes to be found at all. I don't think they were trying to make a joke, but I can't say for sure. The actors weren't funny, either. I thought they were way too quiet. I'm not sure what they were supposed to be doing. Maybe it's because they weren't actors.  Just a waste, nothing to see here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the premise to be laughable, the actors seemed flat and the acting was weak. The only redeeming factor was the fact that I was able to enjoy the scenes. I don't recommend this movie to anyone, especially if you're a fan of the horror genre. It's so bad, it's actually better to just sit on your sofa and watch other people get murdered. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I'm a good artist and I'm a bad painter," says the character in this film, "I paint pictures for me and I like it! But, that's not what I want to do. I want you to know what I do. You'll understand." Well, he didn't explain.  The film is filled with a lot of stock, clich, and nothing else. It's got some nice shots of the old town (the house was actually real) and some nice music. Unfortunately, it's too short to make a lasting impression, and the ending was not nearly as good as it could have been.  I saw the film on cable, and I could not believe that it was made. It was so poorly made, it was unbelievable. The acting was a bit wooden, and although it's not exactly a bad film, it would be better to go to the local video store and buy the DVD copy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just about as boring as any other one. It's so boring that it could be a bad TV movie. I don't even know how they made it. The plot was so boring, it made it nearly impossible to follow, and the actors were all so bland that it was hard to remember their names. There were only about ten minutes of story in this thing. In fact, you wouldn't even remember most of the characters if they weren't all so generic. The acting was also so bad that it made me want to quit watching. I mean, I hate watching movies with poor acting. I just don't get it. But I can't watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie ever made, and I have seen worse. The plot, however, is the most predictable and stupid. The acting is terrible, and the only reason I have to give this movie a 1 is because of the DVD cover. I think it is the same thing they do in the film, where they make the actors wear the same clothes. I give it a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have seen the trailer, you already know this film is bad. And if you have read the synopsis, you probably know that the film's main theme is the same as the previous ones - "young men in their teens and 20s having a sexual relationship with women". The film doesn't even have that subtlety of subtlety. I can understand why people were excited to see the trailer for this film, since it's very exciting and the trailer promised that this film will be as exciting as all other B-movies that have been made before it. Well, that's not true. The film is just plain boring, and doesn't have much in the way of substance. There are some really cool shots of a couple of teenagers kissing and making out, but it just doesn't happen, you know. And what's even worse is that the script is a complete mess. A couple of scenes are so stupid and ridiculous that I can't even describe them. I'm not even going to write them down - I just want to point out that the writing of the script was so awful that the director of this film was probably just a drunk. I mean, come on. It was literally impossible to make it interesting.  If only I were one of those people who can just read the script and then use the same techniques to produce a decent film... Well, I don't think that's possible. But what the hell. I read the book! And I made this movie because it's just too damn long and boring. So I can do what I want to do - just go to the beach and do my stuff! Well, not this time. I just got out of the pool and went to the computer. But, of course, I still didn't do anything. I made myself some popcorn and watched this stupid movie.  The plot is completely boring, even the ending, which I guess was the main point of the film. I don' t think that that's the point at all, the ending just gives us the feeling that the characters have lost their virginity and the relationship is over. That's it. And the fact that we're supposed to feel that is so stupid, that I'm actually starting to think that I was the writer of this script.  I'm so, so sorry for making this review. I really don't understand how anyone can say that this is worth $25. It's not even funny. It doesn't seem to have anything
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible waste of time. The acting is awful, the music is terrible, the whole movie is a big waste of money.  If you are looking for a fun watch then look elsewhere. I would advise avoiding this movie completely. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing worse than being disappointed in the fact that there's a film about a woman falling in love with a man is that there was no character development whatsoever (a common complaint with all poorly written movies). The only person who seemed to care about the characters was the guy who played the role of the husband (a bit of a problem considering the amount of sex in this film).  A film that has no plot, has no sense of humor, and has a very bad acting is not going to be much fun. But there's no one to blame but the director for what was left unsaid.  If you want to watch a bad, poorly made movie, watch the video below: The video shows a man in a movie theater, with a screen in front of him that reads, "If you are not having a good time, then go out of the movie theater!" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only movie I have ever seen in which the word 'clopper' is used in its entirety.  It is a horrible, stupid, unimaginative and insulting excuse for a movie. The film seems to be made for nothing but to provide a cheap laugh. It is just a waste of time. If you want to watch a comedy without a plot then look elsewhere. If, however, you want a cheap movie that you will have to watch for at least five minutes, then you may well be looking at a movie that will stick with you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a complete disaster, with absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever. I can't believe that this film made it past the editing stage, and I've never had such a problem with a film in my life. I'm actually shocked to find that this is even a directorial effort at all. It has absolutely no character development or anything worth talking about. The acting is extremely wooden, the plot has no logic, and the whole thing is filled with the usual rubbish about religion and sex. It's just plain awful. The script is just plain bad, and has no redeemable qualities whatsoever whatsoever. This is one of the most terrible and unfiltered and uninspiring films I've ever seen.   My rating for this film is one star. If you're a Christian, you're in for a major disappointment. If your interest in this film isn't religious, you'll probably get a headache at least. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most annoying movie I have ever seen in my life. I am absolutely disgusted. How do they come up with this idea? Why is the movie even called 'Tangerous'? This is a complete waste of time. They could at least have given us some decent lines like "It's not your fault, you've done nothing to deserve it" or "You deserve to die!" I could have made that movie with a decent script, I mean it would have been an hour and a half of decent horror movies. But no, instead we get a bunch of cheesy dialog, awful special effects, and a really annoying guy who is not even scary.  Don't bother watching this movie. It's like watching a movie where the guy is just standing there in a dark room, and the camera moves back and forth to make it look like there is some kind of monster or something in the room. It doesn't make sense and it's just plain boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than a glorified soap opera. A few things really stand out. There's some really bad acting, and the actors really don't seem to know what they're doing. For example, the main character is played by a guy who seems to be acting in the film for laughs, not in character.  The acting is pretty bad, but the visuals are OK. The music was OK, and not terribly original.   It's just plain awful. There are really no redeeming qualities here, and I'll leave it to the jury to decide if the movie was good or bad. The best compliment I can give it is that it looks like the first movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only positive review I can come up with is that the film's director and co-writer, Chris Morris, seems to have found his niche in this bizarre world. He does a very good job of keeping the viewer in the dark as he tries to unravel the mystery of what happened to the three boys and why the girls' parents left them. The film does have some good moments, but for the most part, it is a very weak story and has absolutely no character development whatsoever. The three boys, one of whom is a psychopath, are a flat one-dimensional stereotype who are constantly being put in a bad situation. One example is when one of them has to use a bathroom, and when he comes back out, he's laughing. This is the film of a guy who has no idea what's going on in his own world. If you are looking for a film where a young man is forced to murder someone, look elsewhere. If your film wants to portray a very bizarre and confusing world, don't look here. This film has nothing to recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people were expecting the original "The Avengers" to be a great Marvel movie. They were disappointed. It's a pity. "The Incredible Hulk" was not a Marvel movie at all, but a completely original character. This is a complete disappointment. The story, script, acting, and special effects all fall short of the original.  I gave it a 2 out of 10. It was an hour and forty-five minutes of pure mediocrity. There was little suspense, little humor, and nothing but a bunch of unnecessary jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first movie I ever watched with my sister, and it was awful. My sister kept telling me to give it a chance, but I didn't. The acting was so poor that it looked like a bad episode of "The Simpsons" (I think this was actually the last episode). The plot was completely pointless, and I didn\'t care much about the movie.  I really wish the producers of this movie would stop wasting their time. This movie is basically an episode of the "The Walking Dead", and I can't believe this crap. I could be very cynical about this, but even the "Disco Demolition" movie wasn\'t that bad. I\'m not saying "The Wolfman" is better, just that I\'ve seen better movies. I know some people say this movie is better than "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre", but I don\'t think that\'s true. If you like gore, then you will like this movie. If not, then don\'s watch a movie like "Tales of Terror". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching this film I can honestly say that it was a waste of time and money. The plot is very weak and the acting was very flat. The movie was really hard to sit through. I just wish that it wasn't a total waste of your time. The cast should be ashamed of themselves. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise for this film is very simple and predictable, and does not make much sense, but it does make for a good joke, and the acting is OK but very very unmemorable. The only thing I liked was the film's opening scenes and the "chill" scenes, which could have been much better.  The characters are very bland and the story doesn't make sense and does nothing with a lot of time. The movie really is just a waste of time and money. The actors are too busy trying to sell the film and they are doing a bad job at it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Starry Night" series is the only reason I have watched "Dirty Dancing". I was expecting a good story and thought the writers were going to make this into an epic, high-flying tale. Instead, the story is boring, pointless, and utterly devoid of any plot or interest whatsoever. It is so predictable, I was waiting for the punch line to the punchline. The story line was never interesting. The characters had no development, none at all, and no real reason for the characters to act as they did.  I think the writer had very little intention of creating a masterpiece. This movie is just a bunch of people who know that they need to make a movie about a movie, and they are so afraid that people might get bored and bored that they just threw a bunch together. This is what you get from a bunch that knows that people like to see a bunch movies that they don't like. This doesn't even qualify as an average movie, I'll give it an average score. This isn't a movie for kids, and it isn't an appropriate movie for anyone.  This movie has no plot. It has no beginning, middle, or end.  It isn't the best movie in the world, but it's not a bad one either.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really disappointed with this movie because I was expecting something more out of a Michael Jackson film. It felt more like a video game. I couldn't understand anything and I couldn`t believe that the guy was actually in it. I could have sworn that Jackson had a good movie script, but the acting was awful, and I'm not even joking. I really wanted to like this movie, but I just couldn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really awful film. I couldn't believe that it was directed by an adult. It was awful! The acting was terrible and I can't believe it's possible to be so awful in a film directed by a child. The story is so boring and has no redeeming value whatsoever. The only redeeming feature was the cinematography of the special effects, but there were so many other flaws.  I'm really disappointed that the studio allowed this to be made. I'd have never bought a ticket to see a film if they had made this.  If you can get a hold of a copy then do so!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie and didn't like it. But, I did like a few of the songs in the movie. The music in this movie is pretty lame, not to mention the sound effects.  The movie is just about one guy who's a cop trying to figure out who's out there. I don't know if the movie has a script or if it's just made to look like one. There's not much going on in the whole movie. It's a bunch of guys walking through a small village, and there's no dialogue, just the characters saying their lines. The only thing that I liked was the girl that's trying to get into the house. I think that she should have been able to escape in the first place, but then again, she was only 10 at the time. I saw it once, and then saw it again and I still didn't enjoy it.  I would have rather seen a movie with a script that actually showed the characters' feelings and emotions.  If you can't get into a movie without looking up what the characters are thinking, then don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got a ticket to this. It was advertised as a film on "how women are treated in the workplace" and it didn't do much to prove that claim. It's a boring and predictable story that lacks direction and a lot of dialogue. The acting was, however, pretty good, especially the women. I can only assume they all had to dress in their own clothes to appear in the film. I would rather they were wearing something a bit more sexy and revealing.  I think the only good thing about this movie is that it's directed by a man and directed by an adult. I hope this is the only movie he's ever made, because if it is he should have learned by now that movies about women don't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so disgusted with this movie that I had to spend two hours of my life watching it, but I did. This is the worst movie ever made. The acting was so terrible that it was nauseating. The plot was so predictable that it almost seemed like the writers had made a movie about themselves. I don't care if this movie is a box-office success, but it is just plain awful.  It was so boring that the only thing that kept me watching was the soundtrack. I've listened to it a million times and I still can't hear a word. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, although not awful, is very predictable. Some scenes were just ridiculous. For instance, when the family meets the couple who are expecting twins, we never see the twins. It's obvious that the parents have never met them, but the movie does not let you know, and you have to assume that the twins are still around, just waiting to be born. I was not amused at the twins at all. In fact, I was a bit afraid of them because I couldn't see their faces.  The movie is about a man who is obsessed with the twins, who are not twins but only look alike.  It's an average movie, and it is a shame that they wasted a year's worth of time making this mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first time I have ever come across an attempt at a movie that doesn't make sense, the dialogue is absolutely horrible, and the story is very shallow. The movie itself is about an eight year old boy who can do anything he wants and then suddenly wants to be a princess because of a fairy tale. The plot is basically a bunch of fairy tale characters trying to get together to save the world from the evil queen. There's no real character development or motivation for the main characters. The director obviously didn't know what he was doing or was too lazy to do it. The only thing I can say is that it's an interesting idea but the execution was horribly botched. It was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie, although very bad, is a bit funny. The problem with this movie is the terrible direction, the cheesy dialogue, and the overall awfulness of the movie. However, the movie is a blast to watch, but it's just so bad that I just can't take it.  I guess this movie will get some positive reviews, but I'm not sure if anyone will really appreciate it. I mean, I love the movie, but that doesn't mean I can laugh and have fun at the same time. It was like watching a bad "toy" movie made by a bunch of middle-aged men who are just going through the motions, who probably have to go to a lot of work in order to get this movie made.  This movie could have been so much better if they just had a decent script to work with. The acting was just too much of the same-y "we're doing it!" stuff that's just made into movies now, and there were too many times when the actor or the girl was completely out of it. And there were so many times where I couldn't believe the dialogue was coming from that stupid movie and I still couldn't stop laughing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so poorly directed that I really did not know if I was watching a film or if it was a bad comedy. The story was totally incoherent and the acting was awful. I felt like the film was just a pile of garbage that was just so unoriginal and not worth watching. I just got a laugh once, but it could have been 10 times better.  If this movie is going to be considered a cult classic then I guess I am in the minority. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like horror films, but this movie just stinks. I thought it was going to be a good movie, but it just got worse as it went on.  The acting was bad, the cinematography was poor, and the story was so dull and repetitive that it's hard to understand the point of the movie. It's a shame because I'm a big fan of the show.  I saw this movie in the theaters because it was released in DVD format, but I didn't like it. It was an embarrassment to the franchise, but the DVD release doesn't count. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry to say, but this is an awful movie. It's not a film you watch and think, "wow, that is a pretty cool film. I wish it could have been more." It's like the "Ghostbusters" of the horror genre, except with a few vampires and some bad acting, and a bit more of a mawkish plot. It just isn't a fun movie, it's not scary, it has nothing to interest you.  The only thing that's good about this is that it's one of the few horror movies that actually make you think.  It's an utter waste of time. You get the feeling that the filmmakers had nothing to do with this, and I think they probably did, but that's not enough to make a good film. This is probably the worst of all the "Worst Horror Movies" I've seen. The director of this movie should be ashamed of himself, and he should be fired for being such a bad director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The King is Dead" was so poorly made it's just plain silly. You see, the story takes place in a hospital, and after a while the King's spirit returns to the hospital, in order to get a medical treatment, and his spirit is able to enter the body of the dead, and kills people. The doctor is not too happy about this, but he has to abide by the rules of the hospital. And, the King comes back to life, and decides to kill the doctor and take revenge on his son, who was killed by the King in the hospital before. But this is a horror movie, not a thriller, so there is no need to follow the rules.  The whole thing was made up of so many clichs and such awful dialogs, that it's almost laughable. The only thing that saved it from being a total embarrassment was the fact that the King himself was in it. The rest was just awful.  There is not a single good moment in this movie. The movie does not have a point, and it does not make sense. There is nothing worth seeing here.  In the end, you can just laugh at the movie and move on. I really recommend not to watch this movie if you are looking for an enjoyable horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a fan of all things "Twilight Zone" and the movie was absolutely terrible. I thought the plot was very weak and the acting was very, very weak. It was absolutely awful. It really sucked. I could not understand what was going on in the movie and the ending sucked.  I could never figure out what was happening with the story and the actors were so horrible that I wanted to punch them in the face. It sucked! The script was so poorly written, the movie sucked. The movie is made for television, and the script should have been made for the movies. I have seen the "Twin Towers" movies and they are much better than this. The acting was so bad, I don't think they could have gotten away with a script this bad.  The special effects were very, VERY slow. I had never seen a movie where they didn't look like they were done on computer. The special effect looks like they did it with a camera and a computer. It wasn't very believable and I dont think they even tried to make it look like it was done on a computer because I donst think thats what you do when you want to make a movie that is realistic. I hate when movies are done in 3/4 time. That is the way movies were done when they werent computer generated. It is a real pain in the ass to have to wait so long for everything to happen. You just wait so you can get everything done in a short amount of time.  "Twelve Monkeys" should have stayed in the "Nightmare" genre. It could have been "Twilights" but I dont think the director or the writers did a good job in making this movie.  It was an okay movie, but you could not care less about anything that happens in it. The plot is absolutely terrible and the plot could have used an editor or a rewrite. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just about the worst of all time. I've seen worse movies. It's like a bad, poorly made horror movie without the special effects. If you don't like horror movies then just stay away. If that's too much to ask for, I'll let you make your own choice.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning the premise seemed intriguing, but after watching the first 30 minutes it seemed very obvious and even after I saw the first 20 minutes the movie wasn't as entertaining as it was when it began.  It's pretty clear that the only way to make a movie is to make it about nothing. It's about the same as a bad soap opera.  The movie seems to be made with no care for the audience and for the characters, just for the plot and not for the story and the characters. The movie does not even begin to get any real sense or emotion until the first half of the movie, when it suddenly turns to be about the characters' dreams and wants. But then when the movie begins to focus on the characters it becomes a totally lame and pointless movie. I can only describe it as a "B+ movie" in that it has some pretty decent bits of action and a few cute, if not completely ridiculous, characters. It is not a movie for children or anyone else who wants to watch a movie that has some decent bits. The whole movie is about nothing except the characters and the story.   I don't recommend this movie to anyone but those who don't know better. If you want to watch the same kind of movie without being in danger of getting lost in a nonsensical mess, watch a TV movie called "Lumberjanes". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no redeeming features whatsoever. It's just a very lame attempt to try to make a cult hit film with a bunch of actors playing a bunch a characters from a very long movie. If you're looking for a low-budget, independent horror movie then I would recommend something else. But if you're a fan of the cult classic movie "Twin Peaks", I would suggest not wasting your time watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really like the first movie and all the stories about it, but when they make this movie I can't really believe it because it is just a load of rubbish. There are so many problems that I can not believe they have made this movie. The plot is terrible. The characters don't seem to be able to express anything, the story seems to be very predictable. The dialogue seems so boring and it makes me laugh. This movie is about a family of eight living in a big house. A man with a strange job, a woman with a bad attitude, a boy who does not know what he wants and so on. I really don't understand how anyone could think it would be a good idea to make this film. They have made a bad film and should have learned that it is not good. If they made a good film, they would make it in the best possible way.  The movie does not have a very good ending. It is not even believable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this was the only movie I have seen that made me lose my interest after the credits rolled. The acting was horrible and the acting in general was awful, but that doesn't matter because the story was a total waste of time. I can't say that the plot is bad because it was okay, but it was just very bad.  I have never heard anyone who saw this movie praise it, but then again, I'm a huge fan of movies that don't have a plot at all.   It was like watching a bad version of the original "Twelve Monkeys". The whole movie was just a bunch of guys talking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie about a group of people who decide to steal a yacht, and kill a few people in the process. The characters don't know the yacht's history or the crew, so they're not entirely predictable.  This movie should be an adult, scary horror flick with an interesting plot and some decent acting.  But it isn't. The movie is just too long and has absolutely nothing to interest me. The acting is very wooden and there are too many plot holes. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had heard of this movie before, and I thought it was going to be okay. I was disappointed. I didn't understand why people are so excited for this movie. It was a pretty long movie, and the acting was awful. The ending was so stupid, I felt like I was watching a very poor man's version of the "Rocky Horror Picture." I found the story boring and uninteresting, and it seemed that the whole movie was just made up of the actors trying to be funny and dramatic. I had to wait until the movie was over to really get the whole thing. I just don't understand how people would pay to see this movie if they weren't expecting a really bad movie. I really wanted to see a great horror movie, but this was the worst. The only thing that was good about it was the music and the camera movements, but I can't imagine what the story was supposed to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you enjoy cheesy romantic comedies and are willing to overlook the fact that this film is about a female who was just discovered as a virgin, then by all means check out this movie. The problem is that the female character is only a secondary character to the male lead and the plot is entirely based on the male character's sexual prowess. It also has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. The acting is absolutely terrible and the acting is even worse than that of the movie in which the male characters were featured. I'm not sure why the director thought this was a good idea.  I give this movie 1 out of 10, and I warn anyone who is considering watching it to steer clear of it, even though I like it as a joke. I would have given it 1 out 10, if it weren't for the fact the movie was about a male who was a complete loser. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a waste of time for me. I can't understand how they thought it would work. How many times did the actors have to make the same line more than twice? How did they think that it would be a hit movie? I found the movie to be the most boring of the "Dangerous Rooms" trilogy. The acting was very flat.  The plot was predictable. It had the same two characters in each movie. And they were so boring and ridiculous.  It's one of the worst movies ever made. And I really don't understand why they made this trilogy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want a great movie: don't look for it on video.  If a film is bad, it is not worth seeing.  The acting is atrocious, the plot is predictable, the ending is lame, and the cinematography is...cinematic? There are no moments of pure joy.  I thought the film was about a young woman who is forced to live on the streets after she is abandoned by her father. This was clearly not the case. She is merely an opportunistic whore who seeks a new man. The director's attempt to make the film more like a documentary did not work. The editing is bad. The actors are bland and uninteresting. I cannot say I was shocked by the lack of substance in this film.  This film is, at its very worst, a film about a woman. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what I was looking for when I heard about "American Horror Story" and I was hoping for a more unique horror story, but this movie is so uninspired and has nothing that makes it stand out. The only thing I like about this is that it is directed by an indie filmmaker and that he does not have a big budget to pay the actors who are playing these roles. However, this movie lacks a real story line.  I did like the idea of a killer doll. I would have rather had a doll with a big name, but not one that was so poorly made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was shocked to find this movie with all the reviews saying how great it was! The only problem was the acting and the storyline. The film is full of the same boring, predictable characters. I have to admit, I don't care if they are friends. But I found the whole movie boring. They all looked very uncomfortable and it was all too predictable.  The director should have known better than to put this film together.  I am glad the movie was only two hours long. But that was more than enough for me to feel bored.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast is pretty unimpressive. Not a single actor or actress who you could find in other movies. They are all over the place. The plot is pretty boring. It's like they tried to make this movie into a thriller.  It's also a pretty big waste of time. You could see this movie without being a fan of the movie, but if you're a fan and you want to see the "real" movie, skip this movie and get a better movie.  I'm a big fan of "Dumb and Dumber" (both movies) and this movie was really disappointing. I don't think the producers had the time to spend on it and thought it would just be a fun little movie. They should have spent a bit more money on the acting, script, music, etc. The movie should have been a comedy and a real, decent thriller. It was an unoriginal mess of a movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of the movie, the director has mentioned how a movie is different from movies of other genre. I think that this is what is wrong with this movie. A movie is not about a person. It is about a story. If the story of a person is interesting, people will like the movie. But if the story is about nothing, people won't care for it. I hope that this movie will get better. But I doubt that it will. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a really good movie about the Civil War, but the movie itself, with the exception of a few scenes, was so horrible that I just can't watch it. I watched the film with a friend of mine (a little drunk) and we had fun, but I still can't enjoy it. If you're a fan of the Civil Rights movement and movies, you should really just skip this movie. It's pretty funny, but you just can not enjoy it because it was so bad. If it were a film with the title "Eyes On Me", I would like it because the plot was pretty good, but it is not a movie, so it's a waste of your time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so poorly directed, badly written and completely pointless. The idea of a guy who kills his brother is totally lame. The character of his brother (Tommy Hunter) is a boring and weak character that seems to be a sidekick to the main character. The movie is so predictable and predictable, it's not funny at all. There are so many times in the movie where I expected to see Tommy Hunter with a big grin on his face and I didn't.  I just wish that the movie had been made with better actors, better script and more imagination.  The movie should have been called "Tommy and the Monster", "Tom Tommy Hunter", "Gutsy Boy", "Dumb Dog", etc... This movie could have been a great movie but it just wasn't. I give it 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had to have been made by a drunkard with no talent or talent to see how a person could make a movie that was so far off from the script, from the plot, and from the acting.  The story was so predictable, the acting so flat, and the story so stupid, that I can't believe I had to sit through it.  It was made for a TV show, but I can only assume that if it was made by the same people that made the series "A.N.T. Farm", that they would have done a better job. This movie was so poorly done, it could have been a comedy series, or even a sketch comedy show. The story and acting could have easily been made better, but they didn't. That is why I would never watch a film made by someone who was drunkard.  I give it 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is interesting, and the cast is decent, but the story is so rushed and incoherent that it becomes a drag. The movie is a disaster from start to finish, and it's the worst example of a horror movie I've ever seen. It is very slow and the gore looks like it was just thrown in with a bag of oranges. The special effects are bad, the script is boring, and there are too many actors who are just not very good. The acting is pretty bad, but this is a horror flick, and so there is room for all sorts of acting. I'm surprised they made it to the level they did without having to add the whole "we're going to kill you if you don't come with us" scene from the original movie. The DVD is about 20 minutes longer, but it's not a huge difference. You'll want to turn it off if you want to watch a good horror movie, but if you're not going to turn off the DVD, it's worth watching the video. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the most un-filmable film I've seen. It was made in an hour and a half and I'm sure it took longer to make than the entire Lord of the Rings trilogy. The film is simply a mess, it looks like the actors are acting out a script and there are no coherent plots. This is a complete waste of time, and is not worth a watch at all. The characters are so dull that I found myself wondering if the actors were having a bad day. There are many actors I've disliked in films that have been shown to be interesting and not this film.  I would like to add that the sound is very poor and the sound track is very disappointing, it sounds like they just took a copy of the soundtrack and edited it out. The only positive thing I can say about this film is that it contains some humour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very disappointing. I don't understand why it was made. A lot of the characters don't have a reason for the story, some characters seem to be completely irrelevant. One of the main characters, who was supposed to be a drug dealer, doesn't even know how to sell drugs.  One thing I can't understand is the fact that some of the actors were given an award for this movie. Some people probably thought that they were better than others. The movie was so boring that it was hard to even find out who they were.  It was actually better than The Dark Knight, but that's just one of those movies where the whole movie was really boring.  I thought it was a waste of time, but I would recommend you to stay away from this movie if you have any kind of a sense of humor. If you want a mindless, pointless movie, go for it, but if you're really bored, stay away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film in the late 80s when I was in my teens. I've read the book and the DVD. I'm not sure how the book ended up being made into a movie. It seems that whoever thought this was a good idea was completely out of their minds.  I was disappointed to see how this movie turned out.  Some of the actors looked so old and decrepit that I almost thought they were in their 50s or 60s. In fact, I think the only actor I know who looks like he is in his 30s is Kevin Sorbo. And Sorbo is way too old to be in his late 20s.  The only thing that bothered me was the fact that it was all in black and white. I know it's not a good movie to watch in black-and-white. But it is in black. I was hoping for a more vibrant, vibrant color. The cinematography looked too flat and didn't look real. I can't believe that a movie could be so ugly and dull that it could be mistaken for a classic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete mess. The acting is very poor, the script is very boring, the plot is ridiculous, and the ending is a joke. The ending is so lame that it doesn't make sense, so much so that it hurts my feelings. The plot is also extremely stupid. It is basically just an extended episode of "Hocus Pocus". I mean, if I had to describe the plot, I would say it's the same thing as the ending of "The Shining", except that it takes place in the universe of "Eternal Sunshine", which is probably better than the universe it's supposed to be in. It's really just a bunch of people who want to make movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title, "I'll never forget you", refers to the woman in question, who is dying of cancer. Her name is Sarah Gaffney. The movie is about a bunch of young men who are, at the time, in their early teens. They go on a trip to Europe, and get into some trouble in the process. One thing leads to another, and a pretty bad movie. The acting is awful, the storyline is uninteresting, and the movie's over-the-top, cheesy ending is really not that well thought out. I can only imagine how it's going to play out on the DVD.  The plot isn't anything special. It's a pretty typical teen comedy, and I can't see how they're making much money from it. They've probably got a few hundred thousand dollars in the bank, though. The whole thing's just too boring to bother with. I'd advise against watching the movie, even if you're a fan of teen comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies ever made. It has no suspense, no story, nothing to make you care. You know you are watching a bad action flick when a character starts talking and you just want to throw the remote control away and never look at it again. There is nothing in this movie to make anyone want to stay in the theater and I can't say why anyone would ever want to see this movie. It's so bad I can just see the actors saying, "what's the point?" and I'm going to assume the answer is, "because we can't get the money to do it."  And to top it all off, the film was made by a guy who made a bad comedy before.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My first experience with this film was not a good one. I found myself frustrated, lost interest, and just plain bored.  I was so disappointed that I kept looking for the next scene. The rest of the film was just the same, just dull, slow, and confusing. It is the worst film I have ever seen. I felt like I was watching an action film instead of a comedy. I would love to see the original version of this film. I am not sure what was wrong with it when it was first released. I just think that the director should be ashamed of himself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in the theater and had no hope that it could live up to the hype. The script, directing, and acting were all terrible, and the film failed to create the feeling of danger that it tried to give. It was a complete waste of time.  In the beginning the movie seemed to be a lot better than the trailer, but it quickly degenerated into a slow and repetitive piece of junk.  There were some interesting bits of footage (the killer's car and his "death mask"), but the film was very slow, confusing, and uninteresting. It had the worst special effects of any horror movie I have ever seen. The actors did not do a good job in this film either. The only good part of this movie was the killer's voice, and that is about it.  If you want to see a film that resembles a bad thriller, I would suggest you go out and rent the original "The Shining" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete disaster, even for an "anti-war" movie. There are a lot of holes and inconsistencies, but the script is awful. The ending was extremely predictable and I could see the film as a sequel to "Airplane". I can't say I really liked the idea of "American Psycho" in the first place, but it sure could have been a great film. Unfortunately, "American Nightmare" is just a waste of time, and if you don't like the original, you probably don't care much for this one either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie was boring, but I saw it again and again and it was not until I saw this review on another site that I realized I missed it when it came out. I was surprised I missed this movie when I saw the reviews on here and on the other site. I thought that this movie was too much of a waste of time. I mean it looks pretty cool and I love movies that look like they were made with little imagination. I think I would have enjoyed the movie more if the story had been left out of the story. But I don't think they really went for the movie. I'm just surprised that this is what the movie turned out to be. I've seen worse movies, but this was a bad waste of money and time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second and worst movie I have seen of a bad film in a year. This is just a bunch of scenes that would have been better if they were scenes from a bad comedy. I am not sure how they thought they could have made this without the whole "we are making a comedy about a guy who goes to a movie to make friends" thing. If I had to guess, I would say that this was a waste of money and time. I'm sure that it's a good movie, but the fact that it is so completely devoid of humor, makes me feel that it has been done badly. I would like to give it 2 out of 10. If you are a big fan of a movie like "The Dark Knight", then you may want to watch this, but don't expect it to be good. If the only thing that you like about it is the "cool guy in a hood" thing, then you should just watch the movie that is better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes for the film, and I was really looking forward to seeing a movie where the lead is a very talented, talented, and attractive man, who is a total nerd, and that he is very smart, but I was completely disappointed to find out that this is a film where the leading role is not an attractive man. What is even worse is that this film is actually made to look like it is some kind of a romantic comedy. If you like romantic comedies, don't watch this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My favorite movie from the Disney "Sleeping Beauty" franchise, "Wandering Beauty" has been in the making since 1997. In "Wander through Wonderland", the Princess Aurora, Aurora, and Aurora's mother are all in a dream world, where the only way to wake up is to enter a dark chamber in the castle. As we approach the chamber, we learn that the princess is not Aurora's daughter, but Aurora's lover, and that she had been taken captive by her father, the King of the forest. When the princess was released, the Princess was captured by her mother. As a prisoner, Aurora was forced to perform her mother's "nightmare", in which Aurora is forced to kill her mother and her lover in order to get out. The movie's storyline is actually quite weak and uninteresting, although the movie is well-intentioned and there is a certain charm to the idea that Aurora and her mother are in love. In the original movie, we are introduced to many characters from the story, and even though some of them are pretty boring, some of the ones we meet are not as much of a problem.  I thought that the movie could have been much better, and I wish it could have never been made. I thought it was stupid, and a waste of time.  The movie is a total waste of Disney's time and money, because Disney never made a movie like this before. The story line is not well thought out, and there are not enough plot twists to keep me interested.  If you want to see a Disney movie that is not a waste, see "Tangled", "Frozen", "The Lion King", and "Barefoot Genie", and avoid this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've seen in my life. The acting is awful, the writing is a mess, the plots are so predictable and contrived that they're almost funny. There's nothing redeeming about it. It's basically just one huge mess. I'm sorry I wasted two hours of my life watching this movie. It made me sick. And I was so annoyed I ended up crying, like I did in the original movie.  I'm going to watch the original movies again, but if you're a serious horror movie fan, you'll be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the early 90's I saw a lot of crappy sci-fi movies. I liked the cheesy ones but I did not like the fact that these movies were all based on movies I like and loved. I remember seeing a lot more of those movies on VHS.  I think the original Blade Runner was the worst of all. The ending is so stupid that it just makes you wonder what the hell was going on.  Blade Runner's ending was the most lame I have ever seen. It's not even funny. The only saving grace is that the movie is actually really funny. It really is the only thing that can save this movie.  But even with the funny parts it's still not funny. You know what is funny? A bunch of robots that are all female.  This movie is a waste of time. The story has no logic. All the characters are just cardboard. The characters are cardboard.  There are some interesting moments where there are only two characters left (the female ones). But those moments are so brief that you could watch this movie over and over again to get more out of it.  In a worst case scenario this movie would be 10/10, maybe even 9/10. But it's so bad that it's 10/20. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, I've seen it in the theater and it has the most unpleasant voice acting, worst dialog, worst acting, and worst story. I mean, what's the point in watching this movie, and then seeing it twice in a row. I thought this was just a horrible, disgusting piece of crap.  This movie was so incredibly bad, I don't even know what it's supposed to be about. It's about the "war between the two superpowers" and we get the impression that this war has gone on since the beginning of the movie and somehow the world is in danger. But it never goes on any real date for example.  The ending was absolutely awful. If you know anything about WW2 you'll know this is not a good movie for the "first time" kind of movie.  If you want to see a movie that isn't that bad to watch, see "Rambles", "Tiny and Big", or even better, the "Hairy Business". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how they made this one and even after watching it I can't understand why they did. The whole movie is just a bunch of nothing and the whole acting is so amateurish that I didn't know who the actors were until the last half hour or so. The movie is so poorly directed that you'll be wondering why they spent so much money on it and it's probably just a poorly edited DVD made to look like a crappy VHS. The music in the movie was bad. I have to say that the music in this movie was probably the worst that I've ever heard. I mean I can still listen to that song, but it's so bad that I'll probably never listen to any other music for a long time. The sound was awful. It was so bad, I just turned off the movie after the first ten minutes and watched the whole movie with the sound off. I think I might have actually lost the movie, but that is a long story. This movie just isn't worth your time. You'll probably just think it's a bunch old guy complaining about the bad acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a very disappointed with this film. It was simply not good, not in a way that I had anticipated, not even as an action film. This is an action movie, not a romantic comedy, so what did they do? They made the heroine a lesbian, and the hero a heterosexual. If the hero is a lesbian in a heterosexual setting, it is a very odd and odd thing. This does not happen in any other romantic comedy ever. If this were a romantic film about a woman who is a homophobe, it would be just that. But since it is about a gay man who is an atheist, it seems like they have no idea what to do with the film. The story is quite ridiculous. The plot is predictable, and so is the ending. I would like to give this film a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is an over the top attempt at humor that is so poorly executed it's unbelievable. What's worse is that it has the gall to make a joke about the very real problems that have plagued the world in the last 30 years.  If it weren't for the fact that the film is in the vein of other films such as "The Nutty Professor" and "I'm the One", it would have been a joke at best. However, this film attempts to capitalize on the "Swingers" phenomenon in order to make money, and so it does. The fact that it is so far removed from reality that it cannot have been made in 30 years is no more than a coincidence.  This is a film that makes you wonder what's so funny about the people who made it.  The whole movie is about how people have taken over and ruined everything and it's really just a bunch of jokes. It is truly a waste of time, as there are plenty of films that make you laugh in the way this film does. This is not one of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story revolves around a group of teenagers in a small village, and the events of the movie seem like it's set in a faraway place.  I felt that this movie is nothing more than an attempt at cheap thrills. The characters are not convincing, the script is unoriginal and boring, the soundtrack is terrible, the acting is awful, and all of the special effects look like they were made in the 70s, and that's before you get to the fact that it was made for a Canadian network. I would have never bought a ticket if I had known this before watching it. I give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was so bad I didn't know if it was just a bad joke. I just got so sick of it.  The first half of the film was all about the cast, the actors and the sets. And then they went into the second half.  They should have never even bothered to make the movie.  What a waste of money.  And worst of all, they have to go and make this movie for TV. Why? How does a TV production company make a movie without a script? This is so ridiculous that they could make it in the 70s! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very impressed with the trailer for this film. There was one scene where the main character was riding a motorcycle. But it seemed to me that the director and the actor were trying to be so funny and dramatic that it would be funny and not serious. The acting was so bad that I was wondering if I had seen this movie before. And I saw the trailer.   The film seemed to have been made for a school class. It seemed to be very slow and there was no excitement. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a country with such a history of films featuring a great cast, this film was just an excuse for all the actors to go ape-shit and scream. There was so little to the story that I thought I was watching the whole movie with the characters in first person. I thought the film was so slow and boring that I didn't even care if I lost half the plot line because the movie sucked so bad that I would've missed it anyway. The whole film felt like it was written by an 18 year old who had never made a movie before and wanted to make it the worst film ever made.  The only redeeming factor was the fact that I was in the theater when the movie was first released so I can now laugh at it without feeling like it ruined my weekend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what happens when a bunch of self-proclaimed "critics" get their own way. No one wants to admit that a bad film is actually better than a good movie. The problem with this film is that it is so unbelievably boring and uninspired. The characters are flat and boring. Even the sound effects are terrible. There are no memorable lines, or even any kind of acting, apart from the occasional bit of awkward banter.  So in the end, the entire thing is just a bunch to waste your time on.  If you're looking for a fun and engaging flick, go for the first two episodes. Otherwise, I suggest avoiding this film completely. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with the words "I know this is not the norm, but it's okay.  It's not until the last 10 minutes of the movie that we get to know the story or characters and that's it. The story was so predictable that it was almost a little bit disappointing to see it. It's almost as if the director did not want to put his own name on the film, but he just had to because it's a movie and it needed to be made. The acting was not good and the visuals were pretty bland. It was the weakest of the three "dud" movies from this year, IMO. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was an absolute waste of time. I was not amused or entertained by it at all. There was no redeeming or entertaining factor in it. It was just a pile of garbage and an embarrassment to the original Star Trek. I thought it would have been funny if the movie was just called "Star Trek: The Video Game".  I did like the movie's tagline "It's a new twist on the classic game" but this movie had no redeemable value.  This is a waste of money and it has no redeemance at all as far as I can tell.  I gave it 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a sad fact that some movies like "The Walking Dead" and "Fear" and others like "Game of Thrones" and other similar shows, have taken over the minds of young people. The fact is that we all seem to watch the shows and see ourselves as the characters, and it makes me think, why are we so obsessed with our characters? I've been watching "The Vampire Diaries", "Hannibal", "Fringe" and so on, and other shows that are supposed to be "The Real" and have done quite well. Why are we watching so much from our TV? Why are so many young people so interested in these shows? Why do we care about our characters and why do we want to keep watching them? Why don't we just put the TV out and get a computer? I don't know how to answer this question, but I know I'm going to write a negative one. I'm sick of the fact that people are watching these shows, and the people who love them, so much, that they want to be able to stay on the shows as long as possible.  I wish I could have had the courage to write about a good movie like "Sons of Anarchy", but I can't, because I'm just sick of people seeing these shows and getting into the characters. Why should I care about this show more than "Fear", or "The Simpsons" or "Seinfeld"? Why should we care if we are watching more TV now than ever before?  This show has ruined our lives, and we are going to see the end of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm surprised that the movie was nominated for a Best Comedy award. I thought the movie had potential, but when I saw the first cut, I thought it was just a poorly-written, poorly-directed, poorly written film. The first 15 minutes of the film are completely irrelevant to the plot of the movie, and the ending is completely unbelievable. The movie has no plot and no resolution; the ending feels like a series of flashbacks that were left on the cutting room floor. The characters are very flat and uninteresting, and there is not a single likable character. I'm not sure if the movie has any future as a comedy, but if it does, I'll be very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. It has the same problem with the writing and direction that the rest of the movie has. It seems to me that this was a low budget production and the actors were cast in places that weren't even necessary to the movie. They didn't really do anything with the script or the direction and this movie is so poorly written and directed that I was tempted to throw it out.  The actors didn't seem to care about the script and didn't give a single bit of effort in their performance.  I really thought that the film was going to be better, but sadly, it was the same crap movie that I had seen way too many times before.  In fact, I don't even know what to say anymore. I was so tired after seeing this movie, I thought that I would pass out. After all, this was so awful, I couldn't even watch it without vomiting! I guess this is what happens when you don't give your actors anything to work with.  What the hell is this movie supposed to be? I can't believe that the makers of this film thought that this movie was worth anything. I really think that they just thought that they had a movie that they could make and just didn't bother to do anything about it.  Oh well, if I had to give it 1/10, it would have to be a 1/5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thought that comes to mind is that I had to wait two hours to finish this movie. I had already watched a movie in the theater in less than 20 minutes and I thought that I would be able to finish it in a couple of hours. It was way too long and I was bored with the movie. There are some parts that are really funny and others are really stupid. This movie should never have been made and I really don't want to see this movie again.  A big problem with this movie is that the story doesn't really make sense.  The whole story is made of clichs and that really makes it hard to follow. Even when you know the exact situation, it is hard to figure out what is going on. The best thing in the movie is when it is showing an old woman that looks like she is 80 years old and she says that she's 80 years ago and that she has been in a coma for 3 years.  There are also two scenes where the old lady looks like a 15 year old girl. That made me want to punch a little boy in the face because I thought it was way to cheesy to put in that kind of scene.  I just didn't like the movie and I gave it a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this film, we are introduced to a bunch of strange, odd and uninspired characters. The story is somewhat convoluted, but it does not provide any direction to the story whatsoever. There is little to no character development, no believable motivation to the characters, and the story seems to be set in a fantasy world.  A lot of characters seem to have very little or no personality and, in the worst case scenario, the entire cast seems to get a bit off kilter. I found it impossible to sympathize with the characters at all. Even the lead actress (played by Rachel Ward) is extremely bland and lifeless.  I really wish the film had been given a chance. I felt that the director was really out of touch with the film industry and its audience. I would have liked the film to have been given more screen time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing that this movie can do to save it from being one of the most disappointing movies ever made. The first half of the movie is a bit of a lot of pointless drivel, and then suddenly it turns into a complete clusterfuck.  The ending is just awful. The characters are terrible, the plot is bad, the story is unbelievable. This movie was just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is basically a bunch of "I have a great idea for a movie and I'll just call it 'Worst movie EVER!'". There are no plot, character development, plot twists or twists of any kind.  The plot was so poorly developed that I don't know what it was supposed to be like at all. It was a bunch o shots of the same old things that all the movies that I've seen were. It just seemed like the director was trying to copy the movie he watched and that he wanted to be a part of the "bad movie" genre. The acting was pretty terrible, and the story wasn't that great either. It's a movie that probably cost $30 to make.  I can't say that I'm disappointed by it, because I'm not even interested in seeing movies that are just a bunch  of one shot dialog, which is what this movie is. I can just say that it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely awful. The actors do a really bad job and the plot is really bad.  It is so stupid that even the actors know it is bad. Why did you waste your time watching this? The only reason I gave it 4/10.  The actors should not have had to spend a lot of money making a movie like this. It is really not worth their time to do that. I would suggest you not waste your money on this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an attempt to make a "reality show" about the fictional "Slavic Mafia".  The main plot involves a young girl who is kidnapped by a mobster and brought to the "Mafia", where she will be "chosen" to become one of their members. However, her parents and siblings do not know that she is actually kidnapped by the mob.  In a way, this movie makes no sense whatsoever.  The movie takes place in the fictional town of Slavic Mafia. The town is actually called "Slovia", but it never happens. The plot has no relation to Slavic culture whatsoever. The only thing we can assume from this movie is that a mob from Slavic mafia would dress up like a "lucky" mafia member. This movie would have been a much better idea if it were made in the US, with an Italian cast, a more interesting story, and better music.  I don't even care to see it again, as I am sick of seeing the same thing over and over again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a huge waste of time and time is a very precious commodity. The movie starts off very slow, and there are only 2 or 3 scenes where there are more than 2 people. There are no plot, characters, or any sort of direction. All of the acting was very bad, and I don't think that they were able to do anything that the script required.  The movie is about a guy named Jeff who meets some other guy named Jimmy, and they start talking about the fact that he was once in a coma. But after he wakes up he's going to kill him, and his best friend has to try to save him. But the only way to stop him from killing him is by getting help from the police.  Jeff's best friend is actually a cop, and he's so desperate to get back to work that he agrees to help Jeff. But he just can't do anything.  There are a couple of moments in the movie where I wanted to rip the movie apart and see if they were making it up as they went along. And then the movie just ended, and nothing else happened. The whole movie is really, really, boring. You don't get any idea what is happening or what is going on, and it seems like it was just made to look like a movie, and not a real one.  I think the only good thing about this movie was the soundtrack. The song that played at the end, "I'm Never Going to Get Out of This World", was absolutely horrible. It was a really boring song that had the lyrics all wrong. The lyrics are about how someone is never going to get out of this world, but the music didn't make me want to listen to the song over and over again. I didn't think it was worth the money to buy the movie on DVD, and so I just burned it off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is quite interesting, the film is a bit slow, but not too slow. The characters are uninteresting, and the plot is too slow to be believable. The ending is the only thing that bothered me.  I really wanted to see how the movie could be made so much better, and it was not. The actors had no chemistry with the director, and none of the film made sense. I don't know how a film like this could have a budget of over $10 million, but it sure doesn't. If you want a movie that is more like a thriller, then skip this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie very interesting. The only problem was that I was completely lost after watching the movie.  I have to say that there are other movies that are much better than this one. I would just hope that you do not have to spend any more money on this movie. I'm a teacher and my students are now all out of the classroom and they have made a lot of money off of their hard work.   I hope that this movie does not ruin anyone else's life. I think that this film is going to get people to quit their jobs and just stop being involved in the entertainment industry. I really hate that there is a film called "Gonzo", but the movie is just so boring and stupid that I couldn't bring myself to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not the worst horror movie ever made, but it's still pretty awful. It has some fun ideas, but no real plot. I had fun with the idea that they're a couple of vampire hunters, but I was disappointed to find that they were totally uninterested in finding the truth about the monsters and weren't even looking for it. They just kept walking around and had sex with each other. They could have had the whole plot figured out, but instead, they just decided to do whatever it takes to have sex with other people. The monsters had no personality, no personality at all. You know what they were supposed to be like, but they had no personalities.  The story was lame, the actors were terrible, and the script was horrible.  I wish the writers of the movie had never done this movie. The idea of a couple who are in love with each others' murders was just too stupid to let go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original version is a fun and charming comedy of the early 1900's, but this one is a waste of time. The acting is so uninspired and weak that I'm not even sure if the writers were in a rush to make it into a film and weren't able to finish their script before it was due. The humor doesn't work at all and neither does the plot. The story seems to be the least interesting part of the movie. The only thing that kept me watching was the opening credits. But that's about all I can say. The movie is so badly acted, written and edited that I can't even call it a comedy. The entire thing is an embarrassment to anyone who actually thinks that movies have value. I can only assume that if they actually made a decent movie, they would have thrown in a lot of jokes and made it funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing this movie I have to wonder how the filmmakers managed to make a movie about a child killing a demon and then, later, killing his parents and mother.  The kid kills a demon, kills his mother, kills a friend, kills another demon, and kills his father and mother's mother. Then the kid kills his uncle, the grandfather of his friend, the brother of his mother's father, and then his grandmother's father. And then, the movie's over, and you watch as the kid gets killed by the demon who kills his parents (and then kills his mom), sister, and grandmother.  What happened to that kid, anyway? Was he a bad kid who just got bored and killed the demons because he was bored? Or was he a demonic child killer who killed because he thought the parents were making fun of him? Who knows. I'm sorry to say this movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was bad, the story was terrible, and the ending was just plain stupid. The film doesn't even make sense. There are no characters or story line that is more than three or four steps away from the plot.  And yet, somehow it manages to make the viewer feel like they're in the middle of a fun-filled movie. It's the only way a film like this can have a decent chance of being a total waste of time. The movie should've been made into a short, two-minute short film.  The movie has the potential to become a series of stupid, forgettable movies that nobody ever wants to watch.  If you want to watch a film that tries to be "fun," you'll find it at the end of every movie in this list. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just finished watching this film, it was just a total waste of time and money. It seemed as if the producers of this film did not care for the fact that there was only one way to make a movie that wasn't made in Hollywood. In a time when people would rather see a bad-movie-turned-slasher than a good one, this movie made a mockery of the genre. The acting was completely amateurish. The plot was completely ridiculous. The only thing that saved the movie was the final scene with the murderer, the woman, and the killer. But that was it. I found myself getting annoyed by the movie. This movie made no sense at all, even though it was the only thing I could watch.  A lot of the actors were in this movie because they were just desperate for a job. If you're in a comedy group, this film is probably going to make you look bad. I just hope that whoever wrote this script was trying to make fun of this genre. If there is a joke in this, it is that the director could not have done a better job. The writing was bad. It was an embarrassment to any sane person. The movie was nothing but a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't even remember what happened during this movie. I saw it with my sister, and I can only guess that she thought the director was going for a low-key romantic comedy, and that she should have seen the trailer for the original "Dancer."  However, it is still funny, so it's just another case of the director having the worst luck with the plot. This is the movie equivalent of a "Bible study." And the script was bad. If you were expecting a movie that would have some interesting story lines, you were disappointed. And the acting was just plain awful. The plot was weak, and the story was so weak that the movie had no real reason to be. The whole movie had the feeling of a cheap, amateurish film.  It's a waste of time and money. The first time I saw this, I actually said to myself, "Wow, that's a good movie!" But after seeing this one again, I felt the exact opposite. It was just awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've read all the negative reviews then you know this film is very bad. The only positive thing I can say is that the movie is pretty well-done for an independent film, it's not bad but it's so overrated that it hurts.  It was released in 2013, in 2013 it was considered a really good film. In 2014 it's considered a pretty good film, but not as good as it was in 2013. That's a pretty accurate indicator. The director clearly got tired of the same old "bad movie" plot that we all know and love.  I can only say that if you are looking for a film that is a really bad, just stick to something else.  The cast is horrible.  In fact, the actors' performances are so bad that I'd be embarrassed to watch them on television. If you're looking for an adventure flick with a good cast, look somewhere else. If the cast is a bit better, then the movie would be good, but even there, they're pretty bad.  If they wanted to be taken seriously, they could have gone for a movie about a group of young men trying to save a village from some bad guys, instead of a bunch of kids who try to save the village from themselves.   If I was a movie reviewer, I would have given it a zero rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past" is a fairly typical video game film with some interesting ideas, but in an extremely mediocre way. This is not necessarily a bad film, but there is no reason to watch it other than to get the movie's name out of the way.  The film starts off with some sort of "game" of sorts. A girl is abducted, taken to a dungeon and locked away in the castle of Hyrule, and the only way to escape is to kill Zelda, who is locked in a room. There are a number of scenes of "games" that Zelda has to solve in order to free her, and it's pretty predictable that they involve the main hero's father being killed and his body dumped in a forest. There is one interesting scene involving a young girl named Zelda, but that's about it. This film is a waste of time and I would avoid it at all costs. The only redeeming factor is the title "The Link to Past", which is interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a fairly good plot. Unfortunately, the movie quickly devolves into a series of badly conceived, predictable, and poorly acted gags. The acting was just okay, but the script itself wasn't too bad, especially the scenes where the female characters (who, to be honest, seemed to be all female in this movie) are actually in the scene.  If I could give it 2/10, I would give it 1/10. But since I can't, I'm giving it 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so excited to see a movie starring George Clooney, I thought that it was going to be the best movie of his career. Unfortunately, the movie isn't that good. The story doesn't really make sense and there are no surprises whatsoever.  I'm sure this movie could've been great if it had been made 10 or 15 years ago, when Clooney was still in his prime. But, by today's standards, it was terrible. I can't believe it took Clooney nearly 40 years to make this film! Maybe if it was made back then, it would've been good. Maybe if he made the film 10 years ago he would've thought the script was good enough.  It was clearly made for no reason. It was made with no thought about how people might react to the movie. I could've made this movie better if I were Clooney's brother. But even if I was Clooney I wouldn't have done anything like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am going to go into the detail of what a bad, horrible, horrible movie it was. I was watching this one with my wife and when I noticed that the movie was over and my wife was in the middle of watching it I was furious. I did not think it could be that bad and I was shocked.  I think the reason this movie is so bad is because of the acting. All of the characters seem to have the same face, they all wear similar clothes and have similar accents but there are no lines between them. I do not know what a good actor looks like. I mean, there are a couple of actors that are good and I do respect them but when they are in the same movie it is impossible to understand what they are doing. This is what I saw when watching the first movie, I am not going to sit here and watch a movie where I cannot understand what anyone is saying and I will not watch this movie again. I don't understand how they can get away with this! It's just too bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie there are very few characters with any personality, except for the lead actor, which is a total jackass. There is absolutely no plot to speak of and a lot of pointless action scenes. This is a very predictable action flick, not really worth the time to watch.  My only real criticism is that the actors did not really seem to care much for their role in this movie, which makes them look so weak and ridiculous in comparison to the rest of the cast. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a couple (David Spade, Paul Giamatti, Michelle Monaghan) who live in a hotel with their cat, who looks like a lion, and the two of them try to find the owner. The movie isn't that great, but the actors are the worst. This movie was just about the worst movie I've ever seen, with a lot of unnecessary humor. The only redeeming aspect of this movie is the great soundtrack (it's pretty bad, but still worth hearing) and a really lame scene where the cats play with a bunch of snakes.  If you're looking for a movie that is supposed to be funny, watch a classic like "Rabbit" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would be more polite if I could use this review to say that I found it interesting, if only to see how the director thought it could be made.  Instead, I just wanted to express my displeasure in the most negative possible way, which is the way I have always felt about a film that I see at the movies and not in real life.  It's just a pity that it's so hard to tell whether this is intended to be a comedy, an action, or a drama. The result is a mediocre piece of trash that just isn't worth watching, but if you're looking for something to watch, you'll just have to wait until it's shown again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how the director could come up with such a bad script and not know how to make it good. The acting was awful. The characters seemed flat. The cinematography was bad. The whole film felt like a series of made up names and the story was just so poorly written. I can't say much because I don''t want to spoil the story for anyone who is looking for a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film that takes the viewer on a journey of confusion and anger that ultimately proves that the filmmaker has no clue how to make a movie. If you are not familiar with the original source material, then you can't possibly have a clue as to what you are supposed to be watching here. I am a big fan of the original work, but this is not an entertaining piece of filmmaking by any stretch of the imagination. I could easily spend three hours watching this over and over and still not understand what the hell happened in this film. The acting is bad, the camera is terrible, the cinematography is terrible. I give it a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I have to say I love the original "I Love Dick" (1983) but when it came to "Dick Goes Wrong", I just felt like it wasn't worth it. The reason for this is because the cast was great, the plot was OK and the script was OK but the direction and editing was terrible. I think that was due to the director and the actors, not the fact that the movie was about Dick and his girlfriend being in a relationship. That is all I can say about this movie. I just can't see this movie as a masterpiece. The acting is horrible and the acting is very wooden (although the actors were good at playing the roles). The plot is pretty lame but it's still worth seeing for the original content but not for the acting.  In my opinion, if you are a Dick or an aspiring actor, this is NOT the movie to watch. If you like to watch bad movies, watch "Dick & Dave", "The O'Dellys" or "The Dick Van Dyke Story" or whatever else was made before it.  I will give this movie a 1 out of 10, which is a very low score. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been watching a lot of horror movies lately, and this is one of the worst.  The story itself is OK, and the effects are OK, but the acting is terrible. The only thing I can praise the acting was that the actor had no idea what he was doing, and that he got to play it straight out of the camera. That was the worst part of the movie. The rest of the acting could be forgiven if the story had been better, but there was absolutely no chance of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to see this movie for my senior class and was very upset at the fact that I missed it on video and the movie was so short. The acting is really bad. It's like a low budget horror movie. The ending was really rushed and I had no idea what happened. I thought the actors had fun but really weren't that funny in their performances. The editing was a bit strange and didn't fit with the movie. I have to admit, I'm not a horror movie fan but I've seen better. I really wanted to like this movie but it didn't live up to expectations. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film quite disappointing. The only thing I found redeeming was the fact that the actors played very well together. It was almost like watching the movie in slow motion, the acting was so awful and the plot was so shallow, it seemed a little like a film from the 70's.  A bad movie at best. The acting is terrible, the plot is bad, the direction is bad. The ending is terrible. The plot makes no sense, it makes no progress, it goes nowhere and never gets to the point. I didn't like the fact the movie was rated a 1, but at least it was rated. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My opinion is that a film with a plot of the "Worst Movie Ever" should have a really good ending. It has no chance of being an enjoyable movie to sit through. It just comes off as the writer is too stupid to write a good movie. The acting is really bad, and the script lacks any logic whatsoever. It was just too bad. It should be avoided at all costs. It's a film about a woman (and a man) that can't seem to get it right and decides to go into a drug dealing life.  If this movie was made in 1983, it would be rated "B+". The acting was OK, the plot was awful and the ending was so pointless. It would have been better if it were made in 1985 or 1988, when the writers were actually a bit more talented. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After an episode of watching this show, I couldn't wait to get it over with. What I got instead was a huge pile of wasted time. The actors are just horrible. The plot has no idea what's going on, the direction is awful, and the editing is bad. The only good thing about it is that it's made in a box and looks pretty good. I'm not sure how much worse this could have been. It's not funny, it's not cute, it doesn't have any heart or anything. It doesn't even have the original ending.  I'm sure the show will eventually get its due, but it will take a while. The show is pretty much useless in the end. It should be scrapped, but for now, it sits in my DVD collection until I get my next chance. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so lame it hurts. It tries to be so original but just fails to achieve it. I really want to say something positive about it but I'm not going to because it's so bad it's unbelievable. It has a very low budget and I'm wondering how it came to be made and how they can justify the fact that they're making it.  It's a complete waste of time, which is the only reason I've seen it. The acting is pretty weak and I think it's a waste of money to waste on this crap. It's pretty much an 8/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie about a guy who kills a bunch of people who don't know him, and gets away with it. It's an incredibly boring and extremely predictable horror film. It is probably the worst film I've ever seen. It should have never even been released. I give it 1 out of 10 because I do like the guy, but it is such a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a little surprised this film has gotten a positive review. I've seen other films like this before and they were OK. It is, however, a film about a man who is obsessed with his dead sister who is the reason he's alive, so it's not a perfect film. There are so many things that don't make sense, like how the sister is alive and the sister died and they are both in the hospital in the same room. And they are in the room when a woman is having her baby, but there's no reason for the sister to be alive, it's just that she is having a baby and the brother is dead and he's in the waiting room because he's dying. There's no need for that, it just feels like a cheap attempt at making a film that's going to make a profit.  The story, if you can even call it that, is just bad. The acting is pretty bad and the direction isn't that good either. And I'm not sure why the brother was so obsessed with the sister that he killed his sister, but it does make the story better if the brother killed his wife. I don't know what it was that made the brother so obsessed, but the brother's obsession with the dead sister just isn't believable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a nice bit in this movie, but the movie is really about the characters who are only there for the plot. You could feel their lack of charisma, they were not likable and they did not even have a positive character. I guess it is all about the plot, the plot is what makes the movie not enjoyable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be a bit of a mixed bag. I found it to be incredibly boring. It's a pretty good film in concept, but the end result was pretty terrible. The actors did a good job, but not enough to overcome the lack of a plot or any sense of direction.  It's pretty disappointing that the producers of this film were allowed to make it, since the film is an insult to the original '80's film. I guess the producers thought that this film would go over well with the public, and that it would be a good enough film to make the producers some money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is absolutely ridiculous. I mean, come on. A guy is found to have murdered a girl and is being investigated. He then kills a police officer and a couple of other people. Then he is hunted down and killed.  The acting is awful. They don't know how to act. They act like a bunch of idiots, and the dialogue isn't even that great. The director seems to think the audience is supposed to know all the details.  I mean it's just too stupid. If you want to see a movie where the plot is so unbelievable that it just seems like the guy just got really drunk and started making up a bunch a crap just for entertainment, then check out the movie 'I'm a Good Man'. It's a movie about a guy who thinks he's a murderer and murders people because he's depressed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie many times, I've seen it at least 10 times, and I don't understand why anyone would like it. It is completely devoid of the originality that the original series had. I understand that the characters are supposed to have an original personality, but there's just nothing there. It was just a bunch of stupid people saying "Hey, you know what a great movie this was? We got to be friends, because you got a cool car!" or some stupid shit.   The first movie was actually pretty good, the sequel is worse.  The plot was predictable, the acting was bad, the music was terrible, the special effects were atrocious. It has nothing original about it. Just an awful, boring, forgettable, mediocre, dumb, stupid, boring movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is nothing but a waste of time. The characters are very annoying and the script is nothing to write home about. There are very few scenes that I can recommend to anyone, but I'm going to give it 2 stars because it looks a lot better on video than in the movie theater.   This movie could have been better, but it would have cost us about 2 hours and 40 minutes of your time. I guess you could do worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a bit surprised when I saw this movie. It was a little slow paced and seemed like it could've been an episode of "The Twilight Zone". But, I was so excited to see the trailer for this, that I actually watched it! And then I watched the entire movie. And I found out that the movie wasn't that bad. I found it to be really boring. The characters didn't seem to have much chemistry. There wasn't any humor in the movie. The only good thing about the movie was the "tribute" to the movie: "Gone, but not forgotten". I'm really disappointed that the studio would go ahead and release this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a good comedy-drama, look elsewhere. This is one of those movies that's just about as bad as it gets, and it's probably the worst horror film I've ever seen.  It's a bad, slow, slasher movie. If you really liked the old "Scream" movies, you will not enjoy this movie. It's about a killer killer with a big mouth and a horrible mask. It has very little horror elements (except for the killer himself). It's like the original "Scout", except worse. It looks so much like "Scare", and you know that it's a rip-off because it's called "Scary".  It has nothing to do with horror movies, and everything to do. The story is a bunch of stupid people who are in it together. The plot is weak, but it's OK. It gets worse the further into the movie you go. I would have avoided it if I had known it was going to be this bad. But, like the "Scrappy Doo", I didn't really care, because it just seemed like a fun movie. The characters weren't even that interesting, either. It was really a waste of my time. I was watching this movie with my girlfriend, and she just got bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had some good moments, but in the end it felt very slow and predictable. It's really a shame because the actors were good and the music was good, but the whole thing felt like it was just thrown together. It had a lot of plot, but most of it was predictable. I can't say why. It could be because the movie was shot in 4 days. The pacing was so slow that I had to take a few minutes to catch my breath every time I wanted to watch the movie again.  It seemed like it could have been a decent movie, but it didn't.   In the end, I think this movie was just a waste of time. I really wish they had just gone straight into the DVD commentary instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Red Hot Rock" (a title which sounds like a bad joke) is not a rock concert at all but a film where a rock band (a few of them played in the early 1980s) is asked to perform a show for a group of people who are a bunch of rock fans.  If you want to see a bunch who really don't know much about rock music and don't care for it, watch this movie.  Otherwise, I'd advise you to skip this movie and look for something better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching this, I decided that I want nothing more to do with the world, and to do only things that I feel will bring me pleasure.  The only thing I can say is that I'm sick and tired of this kind of crap.  If you want to make a movie about a girl who is a little crazy, do it. Just don't do it like this.  It's really too bad that a director was willing to make this crap, because there are so many other more worthwhile movies out there.  I really hope that the director of this movie dies a horrible death. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible film. I think that it was made to cater to a certain group of people, that would like to see a film that has a lot of sex scenes, nudity and lots of gore. They probably don't want to be scared and scared by a horror movie and have fun, but I was surprised by the amount of gore in this film. There were tons of scenes that were simply not in the movie and the gore in the film was way too much. There was a few moments where the film actually looked like it was supposed to be a horror film, but then it would suddenly go to a scene of gore and blood. The gore in it looked like a waste of time and the actors were completely wasted by this film, they could have done much better if they didn't want it to be an adult film. The only redeeming thing about this film is that the actors looked great and it looks really scary.  If you want to see an adult horror film without seeing lots of blood and gore, I would recommend "Curse of the Werewolf" instead. It has some really good gore and is far better than this film in my opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film begins with the narration of a man who was shot in the head and killed by a police officer. He describes the police officers who killed him and the officer who shot his brother.  A few minutes later the film's plot starts to take shape as the cop, played by Michael Biehn, takes over the investigation. The cop begins questioning the couple who were killed. The husband, played here by William Kranz, seems to be just a regular guy with no connection to his brother's death. But then we discover the wife's husband was killed by police officers and that he's been framed for his brother death.  The wife's brother and her husband's ex-wife play the role of the husband and wife respectively. The brother and his wife are forced to testify about the murder and then the film starts to unravel. The story gets worse when we discover that the wife was killed in a suicide. The couple's brother is left dead in the house with the gun still in his mouth and the wife is left with no answers about what really happened. The movie is so horrible that I can't even say I like it. It's so badly paced, so poorly directed, and so poorly acted that it's just about as scary as it is funny.  I just don't understand how the director of this film could let this film get the green light to be released. I can understand that the director didn't want to waste the resources on such a poor film but there are more than enough other films out there to be made. It seems to me that this film is just a big waste of money and talent.  There is nothing in this film that makes me want to kill my husband. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why anyone watched this film. I can't figure it out. Why would anyone think that they could make a movie where the acting was so horrible, that the movie should actually be shown in the theater? That makes no sense to me. The story is horrible, the acting is so terrible that the only thing I can figure out is that they had no idea what they were doing.  They could have made it much better by cutting the dialogue and the acting.  There are other movies where the actors are good and the movie works, and this is not one of those. It was just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for something out of the ordinary, look elsewhere. This film is not even worth the time of watching. It was just a waste of time and money. The characters seemed bored, and the acting was bad. The movie was just so bad that I thought I was watching an early 90's low budget "funny" teen movie. There was no story to speak of. The story line seemed to be based on the kids having sex, and we did not see any consequences. I'm sure it was intended to be funny, but it didn't seem to make the characters any better.  I would have been better off if I had not watched this film. If you like to watch movies with a bunch of teenagers who act out of character, you'll be disappointed. It's just a film for teens, and there is no reason to waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this film when it was shown in a movie theater and I was immediately turned off by the poor, uninspired, and over-acted acting of the actors. It was so much worse than the original "Escape from Planet Earth" and I still don't know if I could sit through the rest of it. I thought the actors were better in "E.T. the Extra Terrestrial" and "Empire Records" movies, so I figured they would be better in this movie. But this movie was just so awful. The acting was horrible, the story was lame, and the direction was bad. I think it was the acting that was the worst part of the movie.  The plot is so bad that I would have had a really good time in the original movie. The plot revolves around the alien invaders that are taking over the world and the military is fighting them off. I have never seen a bad Alien movie, but I guess this one falls into the category.  I don't understand how anyone can watch this movie and not think it's a waste of time. It looks like it was made by someone who is not very good at directing. The special effects are really lame and the alien in the first scene was a joke.  And the plot doesn't make much sense. The aliens just disappear when the humans are about to die and then suddenly come back when the aliens are back on Earth. There is absolutely no logic to the movie whatsoever. It's just an excuse for the actors to do whatever they want.  In conclusion, I don' think "Eco-Rapture" will appeal to anyone except people who are sick of movies that have no plot. If you are interested in seeing a good Alien movie in a low budget budget movie, you will be disappointed. This movie is a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not really a bad film, but the acting and direction don't make up for the lack of a good story. The plot doesn't even seem to have any coherent direction, it's just a series of one-sided conversations and situations. And the acting is worse than the acting in "The Phantom Menace" because they couldn't get rid of the bad acting from the first two movies. The acting in this movie is actually worse than that one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character of this movie, named Sam, is portrayed by an actor who is supposed to be a normal guy but is actually a bad guy, and is seen on one occasion killing a man who is not supposed to have died, and who looks like he's supposed to die.  The movie tries to be cute and funny by showing Sam killing someone who looks and sounds like he might be a bad person, and the movie is about how Sam feels when he kills people like this. The movie is so poorly written that the story goes in several directions at the same time and there are lots of times when the movie tries too hard to get a point across and ends up making a really dumb movie. This movie has no story, no meaning and no redeeming value. It has to be seen to be believed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is just a shame to see that this director has made a career out of such lame movies. But it is also a pity that this film was so widely and so widely distributed. This is a poor attempt to cash in on a mediocre remake of a beloved film. The story is as predictable as it is weak, the characters are shallow, the dialog is annoying and the directing is dreadful. This movie is just about as entertaining as the original, but it is much more likely to cause you to fall asleep than to inspire you to watch the original film.  If you like horror films, you will be better off not seeing this movie, unless you want to watch this and get a few laughs out of it. Otherwise, if you are not a horror fan, please don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character is a very weak, boring, and stereotypical one. The supporting characters are a mixed bag, although one of them has a decent part in the movie, and I wish that the movie was longer.  The acting is atrocious, and the music is so low-quality, that the film could easily be mistaken for a cheap video of the late 60s.  In spite of all of that, I give it a 3/10. I found it just not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just plain stupid and boring. The story is boring and there are some scenes that could have been made better. The acting is terrible and there is absolutely no plot or story. This movie could have made a better movie for the director's friends.  There is a lot of footage of the actors sitting on their backs and looking at their feet. I can only assume this is because they are trying to find their feet or something. It doesn't help that the camera moves too often or that the actors are not very good in general.  The movie has no special effects and looks like an amateur made version of the Twilight Zone. If you are looking for a movie that you can watch on a TV set and can pass it off as a "classic" then this is not the movie for you. If this movie is anything at all it's a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not really an attempt at all to make a movie. It's just a cheap attempt to get ratings. It would have been a better if it had some decent actors in it. But that's just not the case. They don't even try. It is a movie that looks like a poorly made porno. And a lot of the people who are complaining are just not able to watch the movie. That's sad. I would not recommend watching this movie to anyone, ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry but I've seen the movie for the first time on video, and I don't know what I was expecting. I've watched the video once and I saw a horrible performance by a few actors, so I thought the movie should be given a second chance. This movie doesn't even come close to the awfulness of the film that it used to be.  I have to admit that I really wanted to like this movie. But I found the movie to be really boring, especially the way the acting was handled. I mean, even when they're all acting as if they were actors, the script doesn't make sense. The only thing I like about this movie is that they've finally done a horror movie where you don't get a good laugh out of it, but I think that's more because of the way they used to do the movie in the past.  And if you like horror movies, this is a bad one to rent, because they'll make you laugh more often than not, but that doesn't mean that the movie is worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film to be one of the worst I've ever seen, a complete waste of time. This film was supposed to be an exploration of the relationship between an abusive father and his son, but it turned into an excuse to show the actors do ridiculous things and there was no way to care. The actors were so bored they could have gotten paid to sit in the background and do nothing for the rest of the film. I can only imagine what they had done with the scenes they were in, I'm sure it was awful. There were no redeeming qualities, just a few actors who were in this film.  I can't imagine how anyone could find this film any more interesting than a bad horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film contains a few nice shots, but they are all intermingled in a manner that makes it difficult to discern any one scene or one shot.  The director is credited with a number of previous films in which he has made excellent, but this is the worst of his efforts yet. This is the second film I have seen where a male actor gets raped and the movie isn't even that funny.  This is a film that should be avoided by anyone who has not seen the original, or has not taken the time to watch the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was just the worst movie I have ever seen.  I think they just made it for a little girl's birthday. I wish they would have stuck with the original story but it really didn't seem like the story would work that way. They were too involved with the action and couldn't focus on the characters enough to make the movie work. It was a very rushed film with no real plot and the characters didn't really act the way the original movie was supposed to. The actors just had the same amount of lines and it was just way too much for them. The acting was really bad, especially with the girl who played the daughter of the girl they were chasing down.   The acting is so awful that you almost have to suspend your disbelief to keep from laughing at the actors. The movie also didn't do much for the special effects, although they were better in the original film.  The ending was weak and just a waste of time. They had the girl escape from her mother and then they would chase her down in the woods, and then she would get into another car and drive off...then they would follow her, and the movie would just end like that.  That was about the only thing about this movie that made it interesting, and I think it's just too bad to waste your time on. I just don't know what happened to this film. It seemed like it was made for a kid's birthday, but there wasn't a kid in it. The only reason I watched it was because of the kids at the store who kept telling me it was a "horrible movie."  The only saving grace was that they had the movie in Japanese, so the whole "Japanese language" thing worked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this in a video rental store for $9.99 and had to have it.  I did, however, watch the entire thing before seeing the DVD, and I'm amazed that it even got that far. If you see this, get out of the house and run to the nearest exit. If it's not your time, skip it, but don't waste your time. If the movie is that bad, you shouldn't be watching it. Just leave the theater and go get a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In case you missed the movie, here's a summary.  There was a very catchy tune in this movie. It sounded very promising at first, but it got very repetitive after 15 minutes or so. The movie is so bad that it was probably a low budget, poorly made B-movie with a terrible plot.  All of the characters are extremely boring. The only good thing is that they all have cute names.  I can only give this movie 4 out of 10, and I really wish I could give it a 1 out of 1.  The plot was weak, the acting was terrible and there were no moments of joy. I just couldn't get into it and I just wish I hadn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original version of "Bubble Buddies" was pretty decent. But after this version, the only thing that was worse was the sound track, which was not nearly as bad as the first time.  Now the original had a nice theme song and a good music video. This version had absolutely nothing to keep me from skipping it over. The acting was terrible. The only thing I liked about this version was that the "Bubbler Buddies", although still pretty lame, had a decent song that helped tie it all together.  It's not that there wasn't anything else in it, but it just wasn't a good movie. It's almost like someone put together the worst of a bunch of bad movies and then put it together. There's no reason to watch it. Just avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what happens when a director and a writer are both too lazy to make a movie and so they just toss in a few shots from a movie that's already been made to make the movie feel complete. The movie is so bad, that the director is able to make it seem like a bad action film without even attempting to make an interesting story. The acting is so wooden, that even the female actors seem forced to do some of the action scenes just to be in the movie. And then, there's the "twist" of the ending. I've seen it, you know, I've read the reviews, I can't tell you how it happened, I just have to mention that it was so predictable and stupid that I actually lost my mind after watching it. This is the worst movie ever made, I don't know if you can say the same thing, but if you think that the movie was good enough, I would say that the acting was good, and the plot was interesting.  Don't waste your time, just don't bother watching it, just go ahead and waste your money on other crappy movies that have a lot more to offer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe they made this crap. It is as horrible as you would expect a low budget film to be. The plot is boring, the acting is awful, the directing is a complete joke, and the music is terrible. I mean, it's like the score for "The Little Mermaid" meets "A Nightmare on Elm Street". But it isn't a horror flick.  And the final scene is just plain stupid. This film is about a girl who gets kidnapped, is beaten and tortured and then dies, so the girl gets buried alive. That's it.  If they made a good horror flick, it would have a nice twist ending, some great special effects, and a cool twist on the usual horror story. This is an uninspired, boring, poorly made slasher film.  I give it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm giving a negative rating because the script is terrible, the acting is bad, the cinematography is awful. The story has absolutely nothing to do with the plot at all. I know it's supposed to be a comedy but it's not funny at all! The whole movie is about how they're all having fun in their lives, then the story is about a bunch of people going crazy!  I could go on forever about the bad writing, terrible acting and awful story, but I'm getting to the point where I want to get out of the movie theater. I've been watching this movie for over three hours now. The only reason I can say it was entertaining was because I was watching with other people. If you watch this movie, it will only make you look bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so stupid that even the most jaded viewer can find it funny. I mean it's really stupid! I mean the only reason why this movie is funny is because it has a few jokes in it. It has no redeeming factor. It's a boring, unoriginal, stupid, and pointless piece of garbage.  In the end, it doesn't even deserve to be called a comedy. It was just a giant waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was boring, so I am writing a negative comment about it, but I would like to say it has some interesting elements and plot twists. It is a low budget film made with an extremely limited budget, but this is not enough. There is too little story to be interesting. The characters are bland, and the script is so badly written that I just read it. The only reason I can give this movie a 3 is that I would have liked to see more twists and turns, and a more dramatic ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was ridiculous, and I can only assume that director Don't-Know-Me was not really trying to make a story about an odd family in the middle of the woods (he was a doctor) who would come across some creepy creatures out of the blue. The acting was a little below par for a low budget film, and the writing was terrible. This movie is not what it seems, and if it were I would not waste my time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, if you're an old fan of "The Sixth Sense", then this movie will disappoint you. I'm sure you can see the appeal of this movie, but there is a problem with it. You see, it's not just the plot, the story and the direction are pretty terrible. It's just a bad adaptation of the book, not an original story. The acting is okay, and if you like that kind of thing, then it is a nice movie. But if you are a hardcore horror fan, then I would say skip this one. The only saving grace was the ending. I know it might be difficult to read it, but I think it's pretty clear from the beginning that there's something wrong with the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the film with my mother at the theater last night and it made me so angry.  There were a couple of things that made it worth my time but the rest were awful. First of all, I didn't like the name. It sounded like a movie about an actor, and there was one shot where the camera zoomed out so far that I could see the other actor in the middle of the movie. The rest of the actors were not even in the same scene as the character(s). Also, the movie's plot was completely stupid and not worth the time. It would have been better if they did not have to use the term "punching in".  But the movie was okay. It just didn't make me want to watch the rest of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a horror movie fan, but this movie didn't even try to scare me. The acting was terrible and the whole thing was made up of nothing but plot twists and plot devices.  The idea of a killer coming to a small town to kill a pregnant lady, which is really boring, is pretty much a non-event. If you've got an interest in that sort of thing, you will probably get a chuckle out of this movie. If not, just stay away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a girl who meets a strange man and decides to live with him. She becomes his maid and he starts making advances on her. The girl is a complete stranger to everyone around her and is always acting strangely. She and her father are in a relationship with each other and they both have to stay at their own homes. They meet a priest who takes them to church for their services. It turns out that he is a serial killer and his wife is his next victim. The movie ends with the girl and her parents coming back to the house where they lived, and she kills her father in a horrible way.  If you don't want to see an hour of horrible acting, stay away from this.  I thought the movie was too slow, the plot was too far from the original story and it was very, very dull. The only reason I give it a negative rating is because the movie had a lot of potential and was worth seeing, but that potential was squandered. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie. The only reason I gave it 4/10 was that I felt it was an action movie. This is an example of the typical "boring action movie". They just don't know how to make an action scene actually interesting. There are no characters who seem to be having a great time or have any real motivations. The story is really quite thin. There was not even a good soundtrack. It's just a bunch of scenes where someone has a gun and the rest is just plain boring.  I've seen better action movies in the 70's and 80's. The "Dirty Dozen" and "Man on Fire" are really good. I wish I could give it 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did not even know what a 'Shoot the moon' was until I saw the title and the first few lines of the script. I thought it was going to be a comedy! How can it be so stupid? I'm not really sure what is supposed to be funny about it. I just hope it doesn't end up being an hour of a very boring and stupid show.  The 'Shooting the moon', like so many of these movies, is the title of a TV show that's only worth it for the title alone.  'Shoots the moon'. What's that mean? What are the odds? What does it mean? Why not just shoot the moon? What is that supposed to mean? I don't get it. How do you make a'shooting the moons' joke when you don't know what it is? That's so stupid.  I can't understand how someone could even think that was funny. I don a really hard time believing that people would find this film funny. It makes no sense at all.  Please, please, please don't make a comedy about a'shoot the moon movie' if you don't know what you are talking about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was the worst movie I have ever seen in my life, and I don't mean that as a bad review.  But I have to say that I really wanted to like it. The plot was a bit too obvious for me.  And I was so shocked by the lack of suspense and even a bit of gore.  If it was a comedy, it could have been funny, but not this. It's just one of those movies where they just get in over their heads and make the same old joke all the time. I can't imagine a script where it would have been so boring. It would have made a good gag at the end, but the script was so stupid that I couldn't even think of that. The acting was pretty bad as well. The character was so bland and stupid that even the actors were laughing at the scene when it came time to film it. I felt so insulted that they even made the joke at all.  I don''t think that it was even made for a laugh. It just got a really low rating for stupidity, but I still liked it to be as low as possible. I would give the rating lower than 3, but 2 was too low.  It's a waste of time.   It is just so bad. I don' think I even saw it on video before it was on DVD. I hope I will see it again, but even if I do, it will still be just as bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so uninspired and the acting is so awful. I thought the film was going to be very funny but sadly, it just wasn't.  I'm just glad I'm still alive because I don't have to sit through this film anymore.  A movie that has the word "TOO" in the title and that just comes off as a joke. I could see the film getting an award for worst film of the year but I think that's just an insult to the director. I guess the Oscar's don't care about the award because it's a joke to them. I would have given it a 1/10 if it were a comedy but it's actually not funny at all.  The music was okay but I found the sound effects to be a little annoying. They made it look like a child was being tortured in the background.  It really wasn't the director's fault but I still think that they should have just made the film a little more funny. I just wish that the film would have just been released without the word 'TOO' in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film takes place at a church in rural America. One night after the church is full of children, a couple and their young son go into the woods where they think they will find some deer and kill it for food. What happens next is not a good movie. The director had no clue how to make a film so he just kept showing people doing stupid things. There was no story, no dialog and no story line. This movie has the most boring and unbelievable story line I've ever heard. If the plot were interesting I would've watched it. The acting was good but it could have been better. I thought the ending was stupid but it wasn't because the movie was terrible. It's a shame because this movie has one of the worst endings of all time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the end of the movie there is one thing that really bothered me. A lot of scenes are in some way related to the past, but don't really get the point of the film.  And I'm not talking about movies from the 60's or 70's, but the movies from today. This is a horrible movie. I have to say that the story and dialog was pretty good. However, the story in general was very bad. The only positive thing I can say about this movie is that it was made by a director with a very low profile. This movie would have been much better if it was a movie from the 80's or 90's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is full of cheesy one liners, bad dialog and no story. This is the worst way to make a movie and it is absolutely no surprise that this is the first film from the notorious 'Slash & Burn' director of 'Scary Movie'.  The movie is full on a bad, dull, and dull concept. There are several scenes that are so unbelievable that they are actually not funny at all. The movie also has the worst script I have ever seen.  The acting is pretty bad, and the acting is even worse when you consider that they do all their own stunts (with a couple of exceptions).  This is not a horror movie. This isn't a horror film that anyone who wants to scare the hell out of people should be making.  It should have been called "I Can't Breathe, Please, Please Keep it off the Screen." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really low budget movie from this guy who was apparently too bored to even write a screenplay and therefore needed to write a crappy script. The premise is very weak and the acting is atrocious, although it's not a bad flick, since the cinematography is OK. The plot is very basic and unoriginal and the plot seems to have been lifted from a "comedy" by the guys at "Comedy Central".  The story is very predictable and the story lines are too predictable to be funny. The actors all have the same character. I can only give it 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry, but I'm just so fed up with the crap that was the "Fool's Night" in this film. This was just a complete waste of time.  I had to sit through about 6 minutes of this film with no enjoyment, and the only thing that got me through the other 8 minutes was the fact that the film is about a murder and a serial killer who kidnaps women. The plot of this movie is very predictable. There was nothing particularly unique about the story line. In fact, I'm amazed that even this director would try to pull this kind of thing off. This movie should be titled "Fools Night." The film only has 1 point and a 1/10 rating, so it could easily be rated a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad, boring, predictable, and quite predictable film that doesn't give us a real sense of what it's about (for the most part). It is very similar to the "Duckweed" episode of "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai" (as mentioned above). However, the acting is quite weak (especially the female cast). This movie is quite sad, because it isn't even funny. The best bit is when the character has to sing for his own life (he has to pretend to be in a coma in order to gain entry to the hospital). But that is about it. This movie isn't worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very odd movie, that is not worth watching for anything other than to see if the director is able to get the movie's plot to make sense at all. I'm sorry, but the first 20 minutes of this movie were extremely boring and I had no interest to the plot. After that, the plot became a joke that just didn't even make sense.  The acting was so terrible, the script is a complete disaster and I really don't understand why this movie was made.  I've seen worse movies in the past, but this one was the most stupid movie I've ever seen. It's probably because the director didn't seem to understand the concept of an action movie, which is pretty much a joke in this one.  It was just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a fun action flick, don't watch this one. This movie has no redeeming value for anyone who isn't bored. It is just too bad. The acting is terrible, the camera shots are too shaky to make out what is happening, the action scenes are boring and pointless.  I found myself watching this movie because I was bored and looking for something fun and fast-paced. This isn't. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about this movie is the voice-overs, which are amusing and funny. The rest of the movie is so boring, it's almost unbearable.  In fact, it seems like most of the cast were given their roles just to be able to leave. There's only one actor that gets anything done, and he's in the movie for only the first half of the story.  The script is filled with stupid puns that make no sense and seem to come from someone who has never read any other movie in his life. And they're not funny at all.  A few of the actors actually get it right, but not too many.  I just wish the script was better. If the movie was a good movie, I'd love to see how the rest of it played out. I've never heard of a bad-movie made up of puns and dumb lines, but this one falls pretty far from the rest. It has no plot, no characters, and only a handful of laughs. The best I can say for the movie, though, is that it did give me the sense that some people really are bored with American movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad it makes me laugh every time I see it. There is no story or plot, just the same old stock footage and a bunch of actors and actresses. There was a reason for this and it's just not worth seeing. The film is just made to look like it's some sort of commercial, just like the "real" movie. The only thing this movie is good for is the actors and the stock footage. I hate stock footage that has to be made up, that's why I hate this movie.  The best thing about this movie was the people that made it. The actors don't look like they're in the movie and the people in the film do look like people in real life.  This is a waste of time and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the entire film in a 3 hour period in one day. I had absolutely no interest in the story or even in the characters. The acting was horrible. No one got to speak except for the two lead characters.  There was a guy who said that he liked the movie and that he wanted to be in it. I tried to talk to him, but he said he was busy. It was really pathetic.  I think the main character was a huge douche. I think he had no redeeming qualities. There were some really lame jokes and one really stupid sequence. The rest of the movie was a complete waste of time. It's not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really just a glorified advertisement for the show. The characters are really annoying and the story line seems like a waste of time. In fact it is actually quite boring. The special effects are bad, the acting is not much better and the dialogs are absolutely horrible.  I really hope this movie was made as a spoof of the show and has been taken too seriously by its creators, but it just made me sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of the actors here seem to have missed the point of the original. The original movie was a comedy.  The "movie" here is not funny, but there's enough material for a sequel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so desperate to see this movie, I actually went out of my way to see it. It is so bad, I have no idea how it got on the DVD.  I really wanted to see if it would be a cult classic, and if it was, how could I ever enjoy it. The worst part of this movie is the fact that it doesn't even feel like a horror movie. It's just an excuse to get the actors to perform a couple of lines and then go off and do something else. And I'm not sure if they even get their lines right. I'm just glad I didn't see this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has been made into an awful film by the director, who was not at all pleased by the reaction of the audience.  This is a typical horror film, which has not been seen in the history of movies. But this film does not even attempt to do a decent job of horror. There are few scenes of any real horror. And the actors are not even really actors. The story is a total waste of time. There is no suspense, and nothing that should be scary. I could not make out what was happening in the story and the script was so poorly written and the direction was so poor that the film really didn't make sense.  If you want a film with a decent story and scary acting, you will probably find a better horror film to watch.  I would not recommend this film to anyone. It's bad, and it's so boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pity that in this case, the filmmakers had to go with the director's decision to have a big opening and close for the film. It could have been a good idea to have the opening scenes at the end, or at least at the beginning, but it would have saved the film if they had done that beforehand.  If this was a horror movie, I would have liked to have seen the movie at the start. Otherwise, this was just a waste of a couple of hours of my life.  I'd like to see it again, but I'm afraid that the director doesn't have the guts to go back again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a horrible movie. The actors are awful. I have seen better movies. I just wish that the plot had a bit more logic to it. I thought that the story was not coherent at all.  It should have been a comedy, a romantic comedy. Not a horror movie. It was a joke in a very twisted way. It wasn't that good of a movie.  I'm going to be honest with you. I think it's worse than the "Ghostbusters" remake.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me start off by saying that I think the original movie was pretty good. It had a lot of heart, great performances, and was a pretty good comedy, but it was too formulaic and predictable. It's just not like any of the other movies I've seen from this genre, and it doesn't have a great plot or anything like that. The acting was OK but not stellar, the directing was pretty bad, and the script was just plain bad. The characters weren't believable.  On the other hand, the remake of this movie is just...  Bad. The story and the plot don't make sense at all, and there are no real surprises. The only thing that I liked about it was the ending, but there was no way it could have been a surprise for anyone who actually knows the original movies, which is probably the main reason why people who have seen the remake are complaining about the ending.  And the fact that the script is just plain awful makes the entire movie worse. The actors are completely uninteresting, and I really wish they hadn't been given the script.  The special effects are OK but nothing particularly special. The cinematography is pretty lame, and that's the only thing I can praise about it.  I just can't recommend this movie, and not because of the acting or the story or the acting, but because of how it ended. It was just...really not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big fan of horror movies, and I have been watching this film since it was released. This movie was awful, and not even scary. The movie was so poorly made that the movie was more like a joke that wasn't funny. The acting was terrible. And the movie wasn't scary, it was just not funny. I don't know if this movie is even worth watching. It is so badly made that it makes me feel sick. It should be considered a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I like about this movie is the fact that it is directed by Tim Burton. However, Tim Burton is a man who is very slow and his movies are boring. This movie was boring.  It was also slow, and it was slow and there was very little acting. If you want to watch a slow, dull movie then look at "Ghost Town".  I think that the director could have just made the movie like "The Crow".  However, the only thing that "The Grim Reaper" has going for it is the special effects. There is also some good horror in there, but the movie was not good enough to warrant watching.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just another example of how movies like this tend to be made and what they should be done as, the worst of what Hollywood can offer. It's a complete waste of the cast's talent, a complete loss of character for any of them, and even worse, it completely fails at anything else. The acting is very, very poor, but there's nothing to distract from the terrible script, the awful music, the unbelievable acting, the lame direction, and the totally ridiculous premise. The film has absolutely no humor whatsoever, and there are absolutely no scenes that are anything other than cringe-worthy or just plain awful. It just feels like the worst attempt at a romantic comedy in recent memory, and it's the worst piece of work I've ever seen. The only good thing about this movie is that it has at least one or two things that are really cute. That and that's all. I can't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a big fan of this movie because I don't think it deserves such a rating. It just comes across as a total waste of time and I just can't believe the producers and director had the audacity to call this "The first feature-length feature directed by a black director in a non-English language film." The script is bad, the acting is horrible, the visuals are so bland and generic that it looks like a bad "Saturday Night Live" sketch. It seems like the whole thing was made to make the director feel better about his movie, and it's not even worth a second look. The ending is just a bunch of plot points that don't make sense. I wish I had the nerve to watch this film, but it's just a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating: 2 out of 10 (10% rating) - 10% of the movie was awful. It's not like the movie itself was bad. The movie has a few good parts, and a lot of bad ones. I have seen better in movies.  The acting was not good either. The acting is so bad it is so hard to watch this movie. The whole movie was so stupid and I couldn't understand any of the dialogue.  I can't believe it. I'm so sick of this. It would have been nice if it had some decent jokes, and if it wasn't so bad, I would give it an 8 out of a 10, but that's just not how movies are made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. I don't think there's a single movie in the history of cinema that's better than this one. It's not even funny at all. It has a boring plot, a very uninspiring cast, a script that seems like it could have been written by a 10 year old and a subpar acting job for any one of the main actors. The script is so incoherent and incoherent that it makes me wonder if the writers had any idea what they were writing. If the movie had a script like that, it would be so much better.  I'm going to give this movie a 1 out of 10.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got the idea to watch this movie after hearing the title "The Biggest F*ck in the World". It seems to be about some giant killer. He's hunting down a huge group of humans and is looking for someone to murder. I really don't know how he found them. I thought he could have used the other killer's brain. It looks like he just threw it in a big pile of bodies. He didn't even have the excuse of the killer's mind being wiped. He could have had a person kill themselves, or something like that.  This movie has some pretty awful special effects. The camera moves a little too slowly, and there are too many instances of him just walking around looking for people. I mean, he's on his own! Why is he in a crowd, then? He should have just been looking for someplace to kill them. There's no reason to go into a crowded place and kill people unless you're looking for a victim. It's also really, really lame. How does he know that there are people in the crowd? He's obviously not in it, so there's no way he could. I think he's just looking for the killer who kills them first, or someone who wants to kill the people in that crowd.  The story was so weak and ridiculous that I just couldn't believe that anyone was making this movie. If you were looking for something to do on a Friday night, I would not recommend this movie, but if you were actually looking for horror movies to watch, you might like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie where the story has absolutely no relevance to anything but the characters' own self-interest and the script is completely devoid of anything to do with the original plot. The ending is completely predictable, and the ending for the main character (Laurie) is completely unsatisfying (though that doesn't excuse the complete lack of character development, such as Laurie's father, who doesn't even make any attempt to make his character more interesting or interesting).   There are many other problems, but that's the gist of it.   I've already reviewed the movie itself on IMDb (it's a total waste of time), and this is my opinion. The movie's script is incomprehensible, and it is an utter waste of the viewer's time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure what this film was trying to do, but it was a complete waste of time and I would suggest people avoid it as it does not make any sense whatsoever.  I think it is supposed to be a "true story" about a young boy named Max who falls into the hands of a serial killer. However, as you can tell by the title and the first part of the film, it is a comedy in disguise, and I don't think it will work.  The only positive aspect of the movie is that the young Max is so annoying.  As far as I can see the only reason why the producers made the film was because they had enough money to make it, but they could not find a director that would make the film a hit. They also had to pay a fee of 10,000 to the film festival so the film would be screened there. I would like to point out that I am a film producer and director myself, and the only people that I have seen this film made for are actors, not directors. The film also contains a lot of "drama", but not in a good way. The acting was so bad that it is almost as if it was made for a theatre stage, it makes you cringe.  You get the feeling that the actors don't really care what they are saying, and that is not the case at all. It is really irritating. The characters don't have much to do. In one scene they are talking to each other and the acting is so slow and awkward that you have to stop what you are doing. The actors also don't do a good job at playing the part. There are so many scenes where you think they are really going for the comedy and then they are just playing stupid. I really dislike the way the actors were portrayed in this film. I dont think there was anyone worth watching this film for. The first half of the whole film is just like the opening scene of the first episode of the series.  There are some moments that make the movie worthwhile, but I would just recommend people don't waste their time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching this film, I cannot find a single positive point about it. All of the characters are stupid, poorly written and there are a lot of plot holes and unbelievable twists. The only good thing about the film is the fact that it was made in Japan. But that's about it and the movie is so boring, I don't know how I will be able to watch this in the future. I'm pretty sure the writer and director are Japanese but the rest of the actors are Americans. That's a real shame. This movie should not have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this film was an attempt to cash in on the popularity of "The Walking Dead". I really wanted to like this movie but it just wasn't. The acting was terrible. I mean really, the guy that plays Rick is just one of those actors that tries too hard and can't quite pull it off. And the fact that it was so full of recycled clips from "The Walk" and "The Zombie" (the first episode) is just unbelievable.  I thought it would be interesting to see the relationship between Rick and Daryl and it never got that far. I'm glad that it ended because it was just so boring.  It was also very annoying because there was so much talk about "The King" and how much money he makes, and then the next shot shows the camera moving away from him. I didn't understand it.  And then there was the ridiculous finale where the entire group was killed by the zombie. Why is that necessary? The last scene in the film was so completely unnecessary that I'm not sure if they actually had a script to begin with. I guess they just made it up out of thin air.  The ending was completely unnecessary and completely dumb. It's a waste of time and it's just so incredibly stupid. I know they wanted to make a joke out of it but it was a complete waste of the movie. And if it was supposed to be the "walkers" who killed the group I can't believe they wouldn't have made it clear that they killed them all by then. That was way too much. It was just too much and I don't think anyone really got the point of the film. The ending wasn't a comedy but I don in anyway think it was funny. The whole movie was just really... dull. I'd recommend not wasting your time on this film. I thought they should have done better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was surprised when I watched the trailer for this film. I thought that the producers would have gone out of their way to make the film appealing to children and adults alike. In the first 10 minutes I saw nothing but a bunch of shots of a bunch kids sitting in a room watching TV. That was a bit disconcerting to me. I wasn't sure if they were watching a TV show or if they really cared about it. And they weren't even talking to anyone. It was as if the producer didn't care about the movie at all. The acting was pretty bad. The script was too long and the dialogue was so uninspiring. The special effects were so awful that I thought it was going to explode in a huge fireball. I really wanted to like this film, but I didn't.  And I don't recommend this film to anyone at all, especially not children. I give it a 1/10 rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an example of how not to make a horror film. The acting is bad, the plot is poorly conceived and the movie lacks any sort of direction. There is not much gore but there is not enough to make it worth watching. The story is predictable and the film is filled with way too many twists and turns. The film's final scene was a major disappointment because the director, who has never directed a horror movie before, did not seem to understand the importance of the climax and did not give the film the appropriate amount of screen time for the final twist.  It's a waste of time and I can't recommend this film at all because I can hardly remember anything about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I saw it on TV and was appalled, I can only assume that this is the kind of thing the media loves to broadcast because it makes a big bucks for them and it's the cheapest way they can get their hands on a big, cheap, easily identifiable movie to get them off the streets.  I can't imagine what this movie has been made for and why it was made in the first place.  The movie is not very good, nor is it very well directed, nor very well acted, nor well acted (in fact, I'm the only person that actually likes him). And when it comes to the plot, it's pretty pathetic. I can see that the plot was a good idea, but in execution, it completely falls short.  It's a bad idea for any reason and I hope to never see a movie of this kind again, because it's just a bad mess.  This movie would have been better off if the director was as good as the actors and the story was actually funny. The story was so bad, I don't know what the plot is and why the director wants to make it a part of the movie, but I doubt that it was an intentional attempt at humour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was going to be the worst movie I ever saw. I was expecting a great film. I thought it was going the way of 'Cannibal Holocaust' but instead it was this awful mess. The story was very predictable. The only good parts were the acting and direction. The other characters were pretty stupid. The one character that I really got to like was the one who was supposed to be a psychopath, he was actually a good actor but he was the only good character. I just felt like this movie was going nowhere, it's just a bunch of scenes that were pretty boring. The plot is completely pointless. I'm sure the writers are really trying to make this movie interesting and the characters are supposed to have depth, but this film is a total waste of time. The cinematography was really bad. The acting was OK, but I don't know how anyone could have made this movie look so horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole movie was a total waste of time. There was nothing in the plot to interest me other than the fact that the movie was made in 1978 and the director was a young man named John Cusack.  The acting was just plain awful and the plot was not worth the time spent on it. It just sucked!  I have seen worse, I admit. It was so unbelievable that I kept watching to see if the director had lost his mind. I was not disappointed and I felt insulted. This movie is a complete waste of your time.  It does have some redeeming qualities, but the story line has nothing to do with what is happening in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched the two parts of the film but only saw the second half, and it was so awful I just watched the first half over and over and still had not gotten it out of my mind. I really wanted to like this film, but I just could not get over the stupidity of the script. I am a little embarrassed that I actually thought this was a good movie, but in spite of the fact that I did, I still cannot understand why it was made. I would just like to see a better film, and one that does not include such a dumb ending. I have been looking for something that might be better than this for years, but sadly, nothing comes to mind. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so awful I can hardly make out what is happening. The plot is unbelievable. I'm not even sure what the story was supposed to be about, as I have seen nothing but movies that made the plot sound good. I wish I could say that I'm exaggerating, but the story really is the worst. I found the actors playing the characters a little too over-the-top and unnecessary. The only good thing about this film is that there is a few things I do like about it. There is a very good scene of a man looking for the man who murdered his wife, but it is very brief and very poorly acted. I really wanted to laugh, but I couldn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My friends and I saw this movie at a movie theater, and it was the only movie we saw the entire night. The acting was poor, the acting was so bad that I could not believe that they actually spent time on this movie. The only good thing about this movie is that the story is interesting, but not enough to save the movie. I gave the movie 1 out of 10. The movie is awful, but at least I can watch the ending to this film because I have a video recorder. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In all honesty I think this movie was awful, it wasn't bad, but it wasn'nt good either. It just didn't really make a point and was all about the plot and no story. The acting was very uninspired and I really got no enjoyment from the plot or the idea. It was very predictable and uninspired. I think I gave it 3 out of 10 because I thought it had a chance of being good. It wasn't.  Overall it was a bad waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was shocked to read the review on the movie. The first half of the movie was actually pretty good. I thought the second half of it was really poor. The ending was the worst. I could have written it better. The movie is a horrible waste of time.  I guess if you really want to see a movie that is "tough but not too" and a little "drama", then I guess this is the movie for you. But if you want a decent movie, and you really don't want to be bored and watching some kind of porn, you should skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie very hard to sit through. It's just too much filler for a 3 minutes piece of trash.  The actors seemed bored, the script was weak, and the story didn't make much sense at all. The acting wasn't that good either, the whole thing was a bunch of nonsense. I don't think I've ever laughed so hard at a bad film in my life. I can't believe this film was made.  My rating is 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's like you're watching a comedy, but in slow motion, and all the jokes are bad. The actors don't even seem to have any chemistry with each other. They're all stuck in this weird, awkward position that doesn't make sense to them. And they don't have any ideas. They can't come up with anything except a joke that is a joke because they don' have a lot of ideas.  I hate when movies like this come out. I mean, there are movies where they have a very funny scene or two, but they don`t make the movie worth watching. This movie just got really bad. This film should be a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed when I saw this movie. There was absolutely no chemistry between the characters, and the movie was devoid of any plot.  I thought it had the potential to be a good comedy, but the only thing that got a laugh was when the "good" guy (I believe it was Eric Stoll) accidentally put a bunch of his buddies in a car.  The whole movie is so flat that I can't even understand how it made it to the screen. The only reason why I give it 2/10 instead of 10/10 is because the acting was so weak and the plot so weak that I couldn't help but laugh at it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just one of those "bad movies" that I can never watch. I would like to see more original content from this director, like the first "The Big Sleep" or "Das Boot" or something like that. This one, however, falls far below the usual low-budget horror fare. In the end, it just feels like a cheap parody of a film that was released a few years ago.  It's not even that the acting was bad; it's just that it's so over-the-top that I couldn't suspend my disbelief. The acting is so over the top that you almost have to take it seriously. I can understand that they wanted to make a parody of the "Twilight Zone", but the acting here was so overacted that I felt that they were trying to emulate the "Nightmare On Elm Street".  Overall, I would have liked to see better work from the actors, but sadly, this movie falls flat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those films you watch for its style, and not necessarily the story. I can't say much about it, but I can say it is an uninteresting film. It is more akin to a "B-Movie" than a "Movie".  The director (who should have known better) could have put in more effort to making this a bit more interesting. It should have been more akin of "The Ring" or "The Omen".  This movie doesn't even qualify as a "F". It is not even worth a B+ rating. It's just awful.  I'm not even sure if the film has a distributor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise was that it was a movie where a father (Barry Pepper) and his son (Dylan) were going to meet with the evil alien monster (Lance) who was out to destroy the Earth, but then the movie turned into a nightmare. It seemed like there were too many twists and turns and the movie didn't make any sense at all. There was too much blood, gore and nudity and not enough story. I found the plot to be too ridiculous. I think it would have been better if the film was set in a world like "The X Files" (my favorite) where the movie was just a normal horror movie without any supernatural elements.  The acting was terrible and the directing was just awful. It was so bad that you didn't want to turn the channel, but it was just soooo boring.  I saw this film in the theater and was just disgusted. It made me sick and I would never go see it again.  All in all it was so boring and there were a couple scenes that made me cry.   I rate it an 8 because it's just too awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was so bad that I didn't even know what the story was about. All I saw was the two lead actors playing off of each other in a way that had nothing to do with the movie. It was a very bad way to make a movie, and it only seemed to make the audience more angry. It's just not worth watching. I can't believe the actors are allowed to work in movies anymore. I really want to see a better movie from the '80s. I would like to see this film rated R, but I really hope it gets rated PG-13 instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie is a complete waste of time. The only thing I liked was that the main character seemed to be a little bit cooler than the rest of the cast, but that could've been because I saw it first when it was released. I can't remember when I saw this movie last.  The movie does have some pretty good bits, but the plot is just so stupid that it is just unbelievable. The main character doesn't seem to understand anything, and the acting is just as bad as the script. It's just too dull. I was expecting an action movie, and I was completely disappointed. This movie is really just a mess. It doesn't have any redeeming qualities, and it really should be avoided by anyone who is interested in the movie business.  I don't recommend this movie to anyone, but I did watch it, and so I'll just give the first 10 minutes a rating of 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be absolutely disgusting, disgusting, and so bad that I actually found myself laughing at it. The acting was very poor, the plot was completely unoriginal, and the script was totally incoherent. The story of the movie was extremely predictable, and it was really hard to tell what was going on. If you really like porn, I suggest not wasting your time on this movie.  The story has no depth, there is absolutely no suspense, and no sense of danger. The movie is about a prostitute and her husband, who are both murdered by their neighbors. I don't know if the movie is supposed to be a comedy or not, but if it is, then it is totally pointless. If I was watching this movie for a reason other than the fact that I found it so disgusting that I laughed during it, then I'm sorry, but I'm going to call it a flop. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie at least three times, once in high school, and twice in my college dorm.  I have watched it so many times that I'm starting to feel like a "bad movie" critic. I don't even know what to say. This is a really awful movie. The acting was terrible, the plot was unbelievable, and the story line was so unbelievable that you could have sworn it was some kind of sequel to "Ghostbusters."  The story line that I remember was a kid who fell off his bike in the middle of the forest and was accidentally revived by a ghost.  This movie is really the only movie I've ever seen that I was unable to sleep after watching. I'm sure this is because of all the bad movies I've already watched.  All in all, a horrible movie, and one that could only be described as "bad". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a huge disappointment. I cannot believe that a director was given a script by two screenwriters to write a movie which contains so little plot and plot twists that there are none. The story is so poorly thought out that I am unable to understand what the characters are supposed to do next. The characters are completely unlikeable. The acting is terrible. The only saving grace is that the acting is bad enough that it doesn't seem like a waste of money. The movie is about as entertaining as an episode of the Twilight Zone.   A few more notes: 1) Why the movie was rated PG? How does that make any sense? 2) Why does this movie have so many problems? 3) Why is the movie so bad? 4) Why did this movie get a "R" rating? I understand that there is no way that an R rating can make a movie "good" but this movie isn't "good". It is just a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a really bad attempt at making a horror flick. There's nothing to do but watch people get killed, and the script is completely incoherent and poorly written. It's just not worth watching and I'm just a bit sad that I'm wasting my time watching this.  I found myself watching the film and wondering how I could be so stupid as to spend my time on something so stupid. It was just plain awful. It reminded me of the old 80's horror flicks and the one where the killer kills all of the people in a house and then goes back to the room to kill more people, and you're just sitting in the room. I think it's kind of like that too, only without all the blood and gore.  Maybe the best thing about this film is that it's a cheap knock-off of "Halloween III" which is also really, really bad. It has a little bit more gore in it. The acting was pretty awful. I'd give it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is really hard to believe. All the actors are terrible and the plot is really weak.  You have to admit that the film is shot in a very low budget. There are several mistakes in the film. But the acting and the film itself are so bad that I think this was a very difficult film to make. It is really not worth seeing, even if you are a fan of the "Borat" series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a fan of this type of movie. However, I had to see this one. It's just not worth the time. It was a waste of my time. I was expecting a really good movie with some humor. This was a disappointment. It just made me angry and bored. There was no plot or any kind of action. The director should have cut the footage down to less than 10 minutes and not even bothered trying to make a movie.  The ending was too sudden and stupid. The characters were annoying and not funny. The script was so badly written. It could have been better if they would have cut out the stupid jokes and the rest of the acting. This movie is a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just another example of Hollywood being bad at storytelling. What a waste of time! What a terrible script. Why couldn't they just stick to one main character? I could understand having a main character, but this isn't a movie. It's a comedy/horror movie. They could have at least written the script for a sequel to the film. I would have given it a 1.5. It is just one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so excited to see this film, I thought I was going to like it.  It was only the last 10 minutes of the film that I actually got my hopes up. The rest of the movie was a waste of time. There was absolutely nothing interesting or funny to be found. I am not a fan of Michael Bay's work and his movies tend to be over the top. I expected this film to be better than this. In the last 15 minutes I watched this film I felt nothing but frustration, and I felt that the director was out of his mind.  If I had to give this movie a 1/10 I would give it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had no idea what was going on. The script, acting, direction, direction of shots, etc. were all pretty much the same as other films I have seen in the past. But, to say that this was just a typical "teen movie" would be an understatement.  The acting was terrible, especially in the opening scene where a group of high school girls get to know a high school boy who's been cheating on them. The way the girls were portrayed was pretty awful, especially the way one of the girls acted as if she had a crush on the main character. The only thing I liked was the movie's use of the soundtrack, but it seemed like they never used it enough.  Overall, I'm giving this movie 2 out of 10. I don't understand how anyone could be okay with this, let alone recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a ridiculous ending. This movie was so bad, I just sat on the floor and watched it, then I watched the credits.  The plot is not very good. Some of the actors are really good in other movies, and I'm not sure why they were cast as such a bad film. I've seen better.  And the whole movie was really boring, except for the end. It is a very strange ending that I'm surprised they didn't do the same thing in "Dirty Harry". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has all the hallmarks of a cheap and cheap Hollywood film made for an ad-libbing crowd.  There are two characters that are actually more important than the movie itself, and one character that isn't even a character in the movie. The two main characters are a man named Bob (played by James Brown) and a woman named Lola (played By Rita Hayworth). The two are in the same hotel room for about ten minutes in this film. In that time Bob and Lola had sex with each other, which is not what happened in the real life, so you can't even assume the two were lovers.  They also talk a lot about each other and Bob and Rita never seem to be together. Rita is portrayed by the stereotypical black woman that white people make to look like a black woman.  This movie is so awful that it could have been a very funny but not very good comedy. It has the same cheap acting, the same stupid jokes, the worst script I have ever read.  It's also got the same soundtrack, which can be a good thing if you're in the mood for "I'd kill my mother, but she's gone."  There is no reason to waste your time with this movie unless you are a complete idiot who cannot tell a joke that is actually funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the film that killed my hopes and dreams. I was ready to accept that this was an exception to the general horror movie genre, but it didn't happen. This was a film that I had to see before it's time. I have to admit that the acting was bad, and the acting is usually worse when it comes to the "slasher" sub-genre. The plot was so contrived, and so poorly plotted, that I couldn't care if I was watching a horror movie or not. The ending was so utterly stupid, that it was almost funny, that the guy who plays the father just walked out of the house, and into the woods. The "real" ending was that the dad and son were supposed to be at the place where the killer left his dead body.  I had a feeling that this movie was going to be a failure, because I had seen a few other movies that had been made in the "killer" genre, and this was not even close to them.  This film had the same old plot lines that have been used in so many horror movies before, and that's what was so disappointing.  A few good points, such as the opening scene, where the dad is talking to his son about how he has a "bad" day, and his son is playing with the neighbor's daughter, was actually pretty funny. However, it was just so predictable, and just so flat, that you could have written a negative reviews about it and the film would have been even worse. The music was OK, but I think I have heard it before in the other movies I have seen. There were several things that I didn't like. I couldnt get over the fact that the mom and dad were only in the movie for about 15 seconds, and it seemed like they were there for no reason other than to act out the movie's theme. Also, I was hoping for some humor, and I don't know what the heck that was supposed to accomplish. I did like the scene in the woods, but that was more of a gimmick than anything else.  And, finally, I wasn't able to take much of the story for what it was. It seemed that the director had no idea what the movie was about, or what he was supposed make it into. It was really obvious that he was just making a horror film, and he didn't do anything to make it more interesting. It really is an awful film
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film with no direction, no script, and a few scenes I couldn't identify (and even though I could identify the words), the entire time I was in it I had the sensation that I was being made to laugh.  The acting was so awful, the scenery so dull, the script so bland, the special effects so weak, and the acting so unconvincing that I had to go on to another film to see what I thought was worse.  In the end I decided that this was a film I would never watch.   I hope that someone will review it, and not because it is a bad film, but because it was so poorly directed, and so badly acted. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a horror movie, but when I heard it was supposed to be made in Japan, I thought it was going to be one of those things like Evil Dead, only the Japanese cast would have been better, and it would have to be a Japanese director. I was wrong.  I think that the Japanese casting should have been in this movie. I think the director had never even seen a Japanese horror film before, and I'm not sure why he even bothered. I'm pretty sure the only reason he did this is because the movie was called "The Death House." It's like he thought "Death House" sounded scary enough that it would be worth doing. The movie starts with an old man that is in a house that has been abandoned. A few minutes later, a ghost is spotted and it is not a scary ghost at all, it's just a bunch of creepy old people in a very small room.  The movie is full of cheesy jokes, but it isn't even funny, it just makes you feel worse. The acting is very, very bad. The Japanese actor does not seem to know how to act in a horror film. The director has never done any horror before and the movie is about to go from horrible to hilarious, and then it goes from hilarious to awful.  It's a very bad movie, and the director should have known better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just finished watching this movie and the first three were very good.  This movie is so weak it hurts. The story is unbelievable and there's no reason to believe that any one of the characters are human or believable. There's not a single believable moment in the movie. The entire plot line is so unbelievable it could have been a joke. The movie is just so boring and boring that I just stopped watching and went to bed.  I'm not sure what I'm going to do next night.  The ending is the worst. It doesn't make any sense. Why would the person be so scared of the monsters that he would be so afraid that he could be killed if he doesn't run away. Why wouldn't anyone go to the hospital and call the cops? Why would they take the girl to the police? I don't know why anyone in this movie is scared of monsters.  It's not even worth mentioning that the movie was made by an inexperienced director who doesn't know how to make movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know this is the "classic" horror film but I'm surprised I wasn't more disappointed. I understand that in those days they weren't exactly the best, but they certainly weren't the worst. The movie was so bad that I couldn't even understand what was going on! Why? Because it was so obvious that there was no point in showing a scary movie where nothing scary happened!  I don't know if anyone has ever seen this film, but if you have I would be very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a movie made by a former director and writer for the hit TV show "Friends". It is so boring and poorly acted that it's almost laughable.  I did enjoy the first few episodes, but after the third episode it went downhill. It's so bad, that it really feels like a waste of time.  The movie is a lot like the one on "Friends", but in the end the plot is totally different. The characters are so dumb and they are so stupid, that they are not funny, and the whole movie just drags on and the end is just not worth watching.   The only saving grace is that the movie is not a total waste of your time, but just a waste. If you like cheesy comedies, you will probably enjoy it. If not, just don't waste your time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that should jump out at you is the title. "Dorothy", "DOROTHY", "TOO BIG", "GIRL WHO GOT BOMB THROUGH A WINDOW". You might think that this is a film about a girl who got her sister killed and had to live alone until her father got her out of the house and gave her to a man. However, the film is actually about a very short and somewhat annoying girl. It has a plot that goes nowhere, the plot is boring and the story has very little emotional impact.  "Dinah", "Jack", "Karen", "Rita", "Susan", "Linda", "Marily", "Benny", "Missy", "Margaret", "Marcy", "Ella", "Vickie", "Jenny", etc. All of the girls have names and have their own problems.  I can't recommend this film at all. This is a bad, low budget, uninspired and totally lame. It just goes on and on, giving you nothing to watch except that the girls are annoying and the director is annoying.  If you want to watch a good, cheesy horror movie, go for it. I don't like horror movies that go on and make you think. This one doesn't do that.  It's a shame that a film like this could have been so well-received. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second or third time I have seen this movie.  I thought that the acting was bad, the plot was terrible and it was just plain boring.  The main reason was the stupid plot and how the story was framed and the fact that this movie was directed by someone who has done nothing but make stupid movies for a few years now.  In the beginning the movie is so boring. It makes no sense, it does not have any kind of plot, the characters don't seem to be the ones we know.  And I did not understand how they got the idea that a dog is an animal. I have not seen a dog since I was 6, and I am now 30 years old. This movie made me think that I did the movie wrong and that I missed some crucial points. I really was surprised that there was no mention of the movie's director in the movie. I thought it would make more sense if the movie was a piece of art, not a cheap horror flick.  This movie should have stayed as a video, because it is so dumb that you can't take it seriously. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just read the negative review from the book, and I feel sorry for the book. This movie is just plain stupid. This is a movie that is so far from being a movie, that I feel like I have to ask, "Why?  What is the point of making this movie?" There is no point in making a movie about a girl that is a virgin. This girl does not even exist, and if she exists, you are a complete idiot.  If you are going to make a movie without a point, make a horror movie. This would be a horror horror movie, not a movie where a girl gets raped by a guy.  A horror movie has the power to scare you. This horror movie does not scare me.  I can't believe that the director of this movie did not read the book the movie is about. This film should have just been a short movie where the girl got raped by the guy that was her boyfriend. That would have been the movie.  It is a shame that this movie was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not expecting much from this movie, as I usually do. I thought it would be fun to see how a couple from a "noir" film would handle being in an odd setting. I got very frustrated in the end, especially when the movie started with a scene of the couple getting married, then quickly switched to the scene of them being shot, only to go back to the first scene again. It was just a waste of time and effort.  The movie was slow, boring, and very predictable. The acting was just terrible. I mean, who could be in a movie where the guy was so flat-footed that he would fall over? And how could the guy handle a shotgun? It wasn't funny at all.  I could watch this movie for hours, but I would like to suggest to anyone that they at least watch the trailer for the movie: it is actually pretty funny.   I think this is one of those movies that was so bad that I want to write negative reviews about it. However, I cannot say that this movie deserves to be on IMDb, and I can't blame the movie-makers for being so careless with the editing, and the direction. It is a shame to have a movie like this that doesn't even deserve to be called a horror movie. It has to be an embarrassment to the genre. I don't understand how the movie industry could have let this movie pass without any comment at all on it, and why people still watch movies like this. This is what the industry has come to. You can't just take the word of a few actors to be the word. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a mess. It seems that this director has no idea what he is doing. This movie is so full of clichs, that I really have no idea how to describe it. The movie has no sense of humor or style. It just comes out and then goes on to do something else for 10 minutes. This is a terrible waste of time. The characters are totally uninteresting and it just does not make sense. The ending is very unsatisfying.  The characters, especially the main characters, are completely uninteresting. This whole movie is just a waste of my time. I just feel disgusted by this movie. I can't even watch it without thinking that I am watching the last three minutes of a bad comedy. The actors, especially John Leguizamo, are so unbelievable that I just want to punch him. The directing is just so terrible that it makes this movie look like a complete waste of a good movie.  Overall, I give this movie a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie that follows the typical Hollywood formula for its female leads, it should be easy to follow. The problem is that the movie never really connects with the main plot line and doesn't make sense for the viewer. The movie was a complete waste of my time and I felt the need to stop it as soon as possible. The acting was bad, the direction was bad and the special effects were poor. I can't recommend this movie because it isn't a bad film. But I cannot recommend this film to anyone. It was like watching a bad version of the "Friday the 13th" movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was very predictable, and the acting was extremely bad. I had to keep watching to see the ending.  I found it really sad how the people who actually worked on this movie did not see the writing, direction and acting that the script had. They did not care about the story at all. All they wanted was money.  The director has a bad reputation for being a hack. He does not care if his movie sucks, he just wants the money. He would probably have made this movie for $10. I would recommend a good director like James Cameron, he knows how to make a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the absolute WORST thing I have ever seen in my life. The movie's story was unbelievable and the acting was bad. The only reason this movie was so bad is because it was so boring. The story line is just about the worst ever. I think this movie is about 4 or 5 times longer than most of the other movies I've seen. It's just as boring as those movies where you get bored after a few minutes.  It is so terrible that I have actually considered cancelling my subscription to DVD-A and I am afraid it will ruin my collection of DVD-R's. This movie should have been banned by the government. I have no idea what that would look like and I would be completely fine with it. If you are watching this movie, I would advise you not to even watch it. You have better things to do. If this movie makes you angry, I suggest you get a good movie: this is so awful and so awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a fan of films that aren't quite bad enough to ruin their own reputation. I think it's important to understand how we see things, and movies like this one are no exception. They're so far removed from the real world, that they don't really give us the same sense of being in this world. This film was basically a set-up for a really stupid and poorly executed joke about a video game. I can't believe that this film is rated PG-13, because the movie was so far from PG-11 that it's ridiculous.  I think that people would be better off seeing this film in the standard 16x9, not as much of a horror film, but it still didn't have the humor that made up for the lack of any quality to be found. The plot and the script were so bad that it would have been better to go see the movie for fun, rather than for this purpose. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is not very original, and is at times very slow. The film suffers from some very obvious plot holes, and it would have been a better choice if the movie was titled "Walking the Day", rather than "Wearing the Red Hat".  The film itself suffers from a number of amateurish special effects, including a fake waterfall, and several scenes where the actors walk on the side of the screen, making their movements seem far from believable.  It also suffers from an annoying soundtrack and a poor script. If you want to see a movie that is really bad, go see "The Lion King" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first part of this movie seemed like an episode of a bad sitcom, the second part seemed like a one-hour comedy. The last third seemed like it had been made by a group of people who had done the most terrible show imaginable and decided to re-enact the whole thing. It was a shame to have to waste my time on this, but I couldn't help it.  In addition to this, the script was so far from believable, and the actors couldn't have been worse. The acting in this film is simply awful, and all the jokes are so awful, I had to turn off the TV just to watch them.  I am glad I saw this one in theaters, because I think it's the worst comedy ever made, and it's almost impossible to see this film on TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was awful, the acting was weak, the direction was weak and the cinematography was dull. The acting was terrible, the plot was predictable, the cinematographer was useless. It was boring, and I cannot believe that anyone could watch this movie and be entertained by it.  I was hoping for something a bit more interesting than this. This movie is basically a bunch of actors acting out scenes from the 'Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy' and the 'Scooby Doo' series. You can imagine the scenes, but if you want to get a thrill out of the movie, I guess that's not going to happen.  As for the special effects, they were not very good. The special effects were very, very poor. Some of them were very low budget, some of them could have been made better. There were some scenes where the effects looked quite good, but the rest of the time they looked awful. The 'HITCHHIKER' movie was not even able to create the atmosphere of a 'HIGH' sci-fi film. This was really a disappointment for me.  If you are looking for a movie that has a lot of fun, has great special effects and is not awful, then 'The Hitchhiker Trilogy' is probably your movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would be more inclined to rate this movie as "Badly rated for the low rating of its quality" but it actually scored very high. The only reason I rated it so low is because it wasn't made with a high production value and an extremely low budget.  The plot was completely uninteresting. The acting was terrible, especially from all the supporting cast. It was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It should not have been made and I will never recommend it to anyone.   I gave it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this movie on TV (which is a pretty bad movie) and it was awful. The acting was awful, the storyline was predictable and the directing was awful (the first two scenes I saw were the worst part of the movie). I can't believe it has been in this many cinemas in such a short time. It makes you want to get a knife and bash the screen because there's no way this film will be rated for kids. It is so bad it doesn't even deserve an "8".   I'd like to add that the original movie was so much better (in my opinion) and the remake was so horrible. The director of this remake should be fired immediately because he has no business making such garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The concept behind this film is really stupid. The plot is stupid. There's no reason for it to happen. Why does it happen? Why are the protagonists always so happy? Why can they be so happy when they're in danger? Why is it so boring? I was expecting something more exciting. This film should have been the other way around. I don't know how many hours I've wasted on this film, but I don' t see how anyone could have made it. I think it's the writer/director's fault. This is not a good movie at all. It's just a bunch of people talking at a distance. The only redeeming feature is that it has a very cheesy, awful soundtrack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. No matter how many times I watched it, it just wasn't good enough. The story was boring and the acting was horrible. The characters were horrible and not believable. I could not take a good movie like this one anymore.  The acting was terrible. I can't believe that people think this movie was good. There are better movies out there.  If you are a movie buff and want to see a movie that has a plot, character development and dialog, do not watch this movie. I would have rated it 1/10 if the actors were better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how I missed it until now, but I can't recall the last time I watched this film in the theater. It's a very, very long and uninteresting film. I have never seen an American comedy film that was so long and so boring.  I can only assume the story was intended to be a spoof of the classic "Saturday Night Live" sketch "What Is Love?" I'm not sure if they meant to make fun of it or not. I don''t really care, but for some reason I think this film was supposed to be funny. The cast is not very good. I think the writer, Kevin McHale, was supposed have been a real person and play the role he plays in this film. He could have been very funny, but his performance is pretty much pointless. It was obvious that the script was just made to make the film seem more interesting. I'm pretty sure this film is meant to be parody of "SaturdayNightLive" because that's what it is supposed to do. This is not an original film, but it's so bad that it deserves its own Worst-of-the-Week award. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for the first time recently and I was absolutely appalled at how stupid it was. I can't even make out what the plot is because it's so incomprehensible that it made me feel like I was watching an episode of the "Buffy The Vampire Slayer" TV series. I've seen the TV series many times before but it never got this stupid. I really wanted to watch this movie, but I felt like I had wasted my time. The only redeeming feature was that I got to see the director's face, so I guess that's worth something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, it is obvious that they are making a movie to look like the real movie: but at the same time it is also obvious that the movie was made to look as if it were real. I guess that they decided to make a movie in which they could use their usual formula of a good movie with great actors and an interesting story, and then just change it up a bit. So it is a good excuse to waste the actors time in the first half of the movie and the time of the director. But it is so bad, and so pointless, that it just doesn't make sense. I mean, what the hell is this movie about? And what did they do to make the characters feel that they were "the heroes of the story" and what did we get from it? I mean what happened to the "heroes" that we were told to be so great? They had no motivation. There was nothing in the movie to make me feel like the characters were really the heroes. And they never made the movie seem real, they just made it look like it was. This movie was not good and I didn't enjoy it, but I still gave it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an absolute mess. There is a scene where a couple in the back seat of a car decides to smoke.  The movie is littered with such cliches as "The world's worst movie" and "no one in this world ever made a better movie." The entire movie is a bunch of wasted plot points. The entire story of the movie is just one huge set piece after another. And if that weren't bad enough, the director has absolutely no idea what he's making. In the first act he sets up the characters and gives the audience no idea of who they are. In another, he shows the characters running from a killer, but then just throws them off a cliff without explanation. The film is so bad, you'll think the director is just a total idiot and not worth even watching. I don't know why anyone would even watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a very disappointing mess. The acting was awful, the story line was terrible, the directing was poor, the special effects were awful, and the special FX for some of the shots looked like they were made out of Styrofoam. It was a waste of the movie and it made me wish I had just seen this movie without the sound track.  The DVD contains only the sound tracks of the movies scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film once before and liked it, but was surprised that the movie was not better.  This film is a bad sequel to the original movie. This film has absolutely no plot. It takes place in a warehouse and the characters are all characters that we have seen in the first movie. The plot of the movie is almost a joke. The main character is a young boy who is trying to stay out of trouble. The boy's mother and his father are both dead. He goes to the town hall to talk to his parents. He is in trouble because his father has died. The townspeople are in a bad mood because his parents were not buried. His parents are in the room and it is hard to tell whether they are alive or dead. The film does not have the atmosphere of the first, but I would have to give it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Dukes of Hazzard" is a film with a bad ending. Why not make a happy ending like "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes"? The film starts out great and then it turns into a very boring and uninteresting film. This film does not even have the excuse of being an anthology.  Don't even think about seeing this film unless you want to see an "American Pie" - a movie that is so awful that it actually makes you want a drink.   If you are a fan of "Duke of Hiddles" then you are missing out on a great movie. I give this film 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made to appeal to a younger audience and has no redeeming quality whatsoever.  This is not a great movie to show to a 10 year old, and should never be shown to children under 10 years old. This is an adult made, poorly written movie, and it is just not worthy of the "Kid" rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about this movie is the fact that it had the opportunity to be a great movie in the 1980's. But that is not enough to excuse its terrible acting, terrible plot, and terrible direction. In short, a bad film is still a bad flick. I'm a huge fan of the movie "The Addams Family", but this movie has absolutely no redeeming value whatsoever. And that's what I think makes it a worse movie than "The Family".  I wish they would have at least made the movie without the music, because it is a great part of this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the reviews of this movie: the movie is about a girl who is the only girl at a school for the blind. The main girl is a normal girl who gets to live the normal girl life with the other normal girls.  However, when one of the normal girls becomes pregnant, it causes an awkward situation with the school, and the school's girls get really mad. The girl who's pregnant is killed by a group of guys that want to have a girl's baby to keep around because they don't want to be girls anymore. It's pretty much a comedy that has nothing to do with the girl and nothing to bring the girls together. The movie has a very boring story and there are no jokes. It could have been interesting to see if the girl had been really normal, but it didn't happen. The whole movie was like one long horror movie. I found the whole movie boring and really unbelievable that the girls and the guys would act so stupid and then get killed because of it.  I really hated the idea of being an actress because I'm a real girl, and I'm not allowed to act. I think I'm the only person in the world that can act. The girls in the movie have absolutely no idea how to act, they act like they don`t care and the movie ends.  This movie was awful.  The only reason I found it worth watching was because I really don't like horror movies.   I'm really sick of this stupid movie. It ruined my moviegoing experience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a film about the original series, this is a movie about a movie from the 80s. This movie was terrible. It made no sense, and the acting was terrible, and this movie was not entertaining.  The only reason I gave this movie a 3 was because it had one redeeming feature.  This movie had to be a sequel to the original TV show. That means, it has to have the original show characters. But when I was watching this movie I did not know who the characters were or what they were up to. I only knew they were in the same movie, but the movie was about a different show and did not need to have their names mentioned in the title. The whole movie was confusing. If you are going to see this movie make sure you know who these characters are and why they are in this movie. If they don't know anything, don't watch this movie and watch the original episodes.  I give this movie 4 out of 10. This is a really bad movie. I really don't recommend this movie to anyone, and I really hate this movie's creator, and whoever is directing this movie should get the fuck out of this movie industry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story in this movie is an over-the-top, slapstick, poorly written, incoherent mess. The characters are stereotypical, the dialogue is so unbelievable that it borders on comical. The movie has one really interesting line of dialogue in the entire movie. It's as if the writers simply decided to include a single line of dialog from this movie as a standalone scene, and then proceeded to cut the entire thing into a series of flashbacks, with no rhyme or reason to what they are trying to say. The flashback scenes are so pointless and ridiculous that it is easy to see how they could not have made this movie without a scriptwriter. In one flashback scene a man (who has been reduced to a mute) says a few lines of dialogue that are completely inappropriate for a movie. In another flashback scene the movie tells us that the woman he's dating, and the mother of his child, is dead. We are never shown what happened to her after her death. The whole movie just seems like a cheap attempt at making a movie, not unlike the "Gunslinger" and "The Dead Zone", both of which are equally awful movies that are trying so hard to make their stories seem interesting and believable. The best thing about this movie was the fact that the script was written by a guy who is probably the writer for the "Bible of the Dead" movies, and who also has a penchant for making fun of religion. I would like to think that the writers for "Dead Man Down" and this film were also the same people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is an embarrassment. The script is poor, the plot is incomprehensible and the acting is terrible. The film has some very nice and clever moments, but it's a big disappointment for an over-dramatic and boring film. There's a very small chance that this film could have been good, if it was made to be a TV series, but that would be a different film. This film should be avoided at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a typical 'B-movie' with a really poor story, and terrible acting, and the ending is so bad that you can't help but laugh at it. I really want to like this film, but sadly, I can't. There are some nice bits in the film (like the kids' costumes, the sound effect at the end) but sadly the plot and direction is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing in the story, nothing interesting in the characters, and no direction.  It's all just a bunch of old footage from a terrible, awful movie: nothing but static, boring camera work, and awful actors. It's like they made this film on a cheap camcorder, and then just dumped it on the VHS shelf. The acting is so bad, it makes you want to throw it out the window. The story is just one big wall of noise that is incredibly hard to get through. The director just doesn't care about making anything interesting happen.  The only redeeming feature of the movie is that the opening credits are surprisingly funny. But if you don't mind this kind of thing, then this is a really, really bad movie.  If you want a good movie, watch the TV series "Law & Order: Criminal Intent", or better yet, just rent a copy of the DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second film from the director who made the original (and much better) film "Famous Five". He is going for something with the same theme and this film falls flat on its face. The acting is not up to par and neither are the directing or the cinematography. It was not a surprise because the original was so much better than this.  "F Famous Five" is a far better film than this and the only good thing about this film is the fact that it has a few moments of humour.  The movie is not worth seeing unless you are a big fan of "F*cks and Money". This movie does not deserve to be on DVD or to be released on DVD. It is not funny at all, is badly acted and has no redeeming value. The DVD release of "I'm So Sorry" was actually better than "F***ing Famous Five". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Bend it like Beckham" line in this one is hilarious. I can only assume that the writer had the same thought process that I had when I saw the trailer for the movie and decided that I would see if it would actually be as stupid as the trailer said. I was expecting some pretty cool action and comedy in this movie, but instead I was let down by a lackluster acting, a poor script and a ridiculous ending that I'm guessing could have been much funnier if the script was better written.  I think the reason why this movie didn't end up with a good rating is because it was made for an adult audience, and it's not really funny for them. The action is a little too violent, the comedy is too corny, and the ending is pretty stupid. I'd say to avoid this movie and save your money for the "Nate Rotten" movie instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful excuse for an action movie. Not only does it have a weak story, but it is an incredibly boring, formulaic and completely unengaging movie. The main cast is completely one-dimensional, and the movie is very low budget. The movie is so devoid of anything that even if it did try to be entertaining it would be a total waste of time.  The acting is not up to standard, either. The characters are so devoid and unlikable that I had no idea who the characters were until I was halfway through the movie. I can't imagine the movie would be much fun if the acting was even remotely good. If you are looking for an entertaining action flick, I would suggest not watching this. It is just a waste of your time. Just don't waste your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting something better. I was hoping for a new way to tell a good movie story. This is nothing.  A typical Hollywood thriller with a very weak ending, but with the "heroes" dying in a car crash (it's not clear if they're alive or dead) it could have been a fine film. Unfortunately, the script and acting is so bad that it just makes the whole thing feel like a trainwreck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think that a director has ever made a bad film, but this film has made me cringe, and that is not something I can say for any of my other films. But this film is the worst film I have ever seen.  The plot is really bad, the acting is not believable, the story is just a waste of time, and the ending is just plain boring. I can understand why the director did this film, because he thought that the script could have been more original, but he probably could have made a better movie with the same script.  A few more points: 1) the opening scene is just stupid, and then we are introduced to some really bad guys. 2) they only filmed in New York, and not in LA or Toronto. This is a very bad idea. I really don't understand why this movie has never been released, or why the makers would try to make it. I think that it is just an attempt to make a low budget film and make a name for themselves.  I can't believe that this film was made in the year 1999.  This film has a very low budget, and is only around 15 minutes long. The cast and crew must have worked for $20.00 each to make this crap. This makes me wonder how much the producers and director spent. I wish that they had just used a video camera and some really crappy equipment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is actually the worst movie I've ever seen. I don't even want to watch it, and I'm sure you don't want to either. The acting is awful, the plot is not very interesting, and the characters are just flat out annoying. The ending is so stupid and poorly executed that it makes it seem like the writer was too drunk to care about the movie. It also seems like the director was just going through the motions of making this movie because that's what they do on the show.  The plot is supposed to be a look into the lives of the "carnival clowns". The movie takes place in a carnival with an amusement park, but the plot only makes sense if you're already familiar with carnivals. The movie is just so poorly written and acted that I can't even imagine how the writer came up with such a bad idea. I can imagine that there are probably some really talented people who are writing this movie, but I'm guessing they probably made the movie so that they could get away with making a complete failure.  This is an extremely low budget horror flick that is so obviously and painfully bad that it's impossible to even watch.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of a horror movie with a zombie is an easy target for parody, and this movie proves it. What's worse is that they actually did the movie. The acting is bad, the plot is weak and the story isn't even believable. This is the last movie that I've seen that was so boring I thought I was in a dream. The only saving grace in this piece is that the special effects look okay. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating for this is 1/10 because it's so poorly written and so badly acted. And I'm only giving it 1/4 because I did like some of the actors in it. It's so boring and so boring that it's almost impossible to care about the story. There's almost no plot at all. This movie should never have been made. It looks like a bad script for an awful movie.  But even more disappointing is the fact that this film was made as a promotional piece for a movie entitled "The Dead Pool." This movie looks awful and the acting is even worse.  I'm not sure how anyone can watch this movie and be proud of it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the story of a girl who is abducted and brainwashed by the devil, and a young boy that tries to rescue her from him.  The movie is about as entertaining as it can get without a single shred of entertainment value. I couldn't care less what happened to the girl, and was only interested in the characters. I didn't care for the boy at all.  There was no way to connect to the movie, because the only connection I had was with the two main characters. This isn't a good movie.  I don't know what's so special about the premise, but the execution was a complete disaster.  It's not even funny, I can't believe that this is supposed to be funny. The writing is weak, the acting is bad, and the cinematography is totally boring. I give it 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I think that this movie was made by a bunch of idiots. A guy who is an amateur of movies, like me, I would have expected something like this to be a lot better.  I mean, this movie is not even a quarter as good as the previous three that I saw in a row. Even though this movie did not have anything to do with the other movies, it's just as bad. The acting was bad, the plot was completely lame, and I really don't understand why the director chose to make this movie.  It's a complete waste of time. If you're going to see this, don't even bother, because you won't be able to enjoy it at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was no way in hell I could review this movie, but I'll try. The plot was so far off from what I thought the premise would be. I couldn't even understand the characters. There were a couple of scenes where the characters looked like they were talking on the phone, but the screen was black. This movie is so slow paced and boring, I didn't even care. It's not even funny, it's just annoying. I was so bored I could have done with the characters having sex with each other, and that is how the plot is supposed to work. If you're looking for a low budget, forget it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the story was interesting, but the acting was awful. Even the cinematography wasn't good. It was just a terrible mess of a movie. I really don't know why the actors were even in the movie. It just felt like a waste of time and effort. The music was fine, but I think it was too quiet. The only redeeming point was the special effects. I think that they were just made to make the movie look good, but in this case they failed miserably. The movie had no point to it. The characters were dull and lifeless. It really should not have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion this is the worst horror movie I have ever seen. It has too many flaws to even consider giving it a score.  In the original story there were some nice bits of action, but the plot, the direction, the acting, the story, and even the cinematography were all completely awful. The only redeeming factor of the original movie was the great soundtrack. The director was John McDonagh, the actor was Gary Oldman, and the director's choice for the sound effects was atrocious. I found the original soundtrack for "Hellraiser: Hellraiser II" to be much better, but I still can't give this movie an 8 out of 10. This movie had nothing to offer me, and it's not even a comedy movie! It's just a pile of awful crap that I didn't even watch the credits to find out what the rating was. I would have given a 1 out of 8 if I was given the choice, but instead I gave it a 2 because it's so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the main problem with this film is that the director's ideas are so stupid and nonsensical that it would be almost impossible to convey in a normal way. Even if the actors are trying to do a good job, the result is still that the film lacks any sort of direction, plot, or theme. There is no reason for the characters to act in the first place, other than to get out of their misery (i.e. having to act for something they hate) and because of the fact that they are being shown in a horror film (i..e. because they are evil).  In the beginning, the story has no real idea and the plot is a total mess. The story is so unbelievable that it does not make any sense to anyone who is not a complete idiot. You will see how the characters behave for only the purpose of getting out of there and the ending, but there is no way to know if it will actually end well or not.  I would advise that the filmmakers of this film to spend their money on more worthwhile things than this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting something from the movie, but it's so bad it makes you question your own sanity. There is no plot, no reason for anyone to care about anyone else, and the acting is so bad and the script so awful that it's hard to understand how anyone could make this. The main character, in an interesting turn of events, is killed off by a car, which is probably the best plot twist ever, and so it goes on for 3 minutes, then the plot is completely pointless. You're left wondering what the movie was about and why everyone is so mean to each other.  I'd have been better off if I hadn't watched it first, because the film is so incoherent that you'll need a magnifying glass to read the script. And the music is so terrible that you're better off not even bothering to watch it. It's just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie was a waste of time. It is a typical Hollywood formula, it just didn't get the time it needed. I mean, this is not a bad horror movie, but I would have liked more time to see how all the things happen in the story. I don't understand how the guy wakes up from a coma and the girl goes back to the mansion and the killer murders her, etc.  It was really bad.  And to add insult to injury, the guy's parents were in it. I guess this guy was a monster from the time he was a baby? It is so stupid. I know that this movie does not fit into any genre. But this movie is not even worth half a penny. If you want to see a movie about a killer killer and his daughter, go see a horror movie. You can't even go to the movies in the theater anymore because people have realized that movies are stupid.   The movie was about a bunch of people (that I think are probably just actors) who had a bad relationship and decided to murder someone.  I was expecting a more adult horror movie with lots of gore and more adult themes. Instead, they chose to just put blood and guts in there. I found it boring and unnecessary.  If you like this kind of thing, don't bother, but if you don't like this sort of thing (I mean, not like the other kind of movies I watch, which are mostly just "Halloween" type of movies), don't buy this movie either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film with my girlfriend and I thought the script was awful. She kept laughing at the fact that the movie's director had no idea what was going on in the script. The actors and crew acted like they had no clue what was happening. The movie was just like a bad episode of the X-Files. The acting was so flat and one-dimensional. The ending is very unsatisfying. The plot was so poor that the ending was not really believable. If you are expecting a romantic comedy, you will be disappointed. It was a shame to waste the money of my parents on this movie. It should be renamed "The Worst Movie Ever". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second "B-Movie" that I have seen that really has absolutely no redeeming value for a movie. This film was a complete waste of my time and made me feel as though I wasted my time. I was bored of the fact that it wasn't actually a movie, and I was left wanting for something more interesting. I just don't understand how someone would spend so much time and effort into making something that I would find so utterly dull and boring. I'm so disgusted that it made it so obvious that this was a low budget film. I understand that some people don't like movies that have low budgets. But this was so far from low budget, that I was actually wondering if it was made in such a small town. The story was absolutely terrible. There was absolutely no character development, no humor, and no real plot. There is nothing about the movie that I can recommend to anyone, other than for people who like movies about dead prostitutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like cheesy horror movies, this is not for you. This film is so over the top and ridiculous that I was surprised it was nominated for an award at all. I was more disappointed in the people who were nominated.  In fact, the director was actually the star. But it would have been a lot more enjoyable if the movie were actually funny. If you enjoy horror films, I suggest you stay away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise seems to be that if you could turn into a giant in the middle of a crowded theater and not lose a single minute of your life, you might be able to see the movie. I guess that would happen if the movie played out over two hours.  I am no expert on how movies are supposed to make you laugh or feel anything like they do in the movies we all enjoy. The film was simply a series of shots, followed by a few lines, and then a few shots and then shots and more shots, all of which were shot in a way that looked like they could have been filmed by someone who is very experienced in that particular field of filmmaking. It was like a film school experiment gone wrong. The script is terrible. It is one of those scripts that are intended to be funny, but the writing is so bad that you don't care if you are laughing or not. I found the script to be the weakest link in the whole movie. The characters had no chemistry with each other and seemed to have no idea how to bring out the drama in the story. I have never laughed at anything like that before. It makes the worst comedy out of the most boring movie ever made. If I had to guess, I would say that this is the most ridiculous movie ever.  Overall, the movie is not worth watching, and I recommend you to skip it altogether. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like a little bit of sex in a little romance story, you will love this. You'll be disgusted. You will be frustrated. You won't like the way the story is being told, you won't care for the actors.  If this sounds like your type of movie, then, go for it. I don't.  Otherwise, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst movie ever made.  I don't know how it managed to get a PG rating, but I think it should have been a PG. It looks like a horror movie from the 60s, except that there are no scary creatures, and only one shot. There is no story at all, just a bunch of people getting killed off camera, like in the movies you used to see in the 50s and 60s. I mean, I can understand that they wanted to be realistic in the movie, but this movie is so much better if you just take it at face value.  The movie doesn't even begin to make sense and there is no point in watching it. I give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had hoped to see a positive review about this, but I was sadly disappointed. The acting was so amateurish and so unfitting. I don't know how to describe this, so I will sum it up by saying that it is a pretty decent acting, but not that good. The script is too contrived and not believable. It is so far removed from reality that it's almost as if the movie was made up on the spot. It's a horrible mess.  A bit too much time was spent on pointless stuff that made no sense. It was absolutely unnecessary. You are left wondering what happened to all the money they spent on this movie.    All in all, this is a terrible movie. The actors are not bad, but they have very limited experience. It looks like they were just thrown together, without much planning. I can only assume that this movie was filmed with a very poor budget. It makes me wonder if this movie will ever get released, because the producers could have made a better movie. I guess it's too expensive to make something with such a poor script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just went through the video on YouTube and I just want to say that I am a bit disappointed by this movie. I would like to think that a film such as this could have been made better, but it didn't. It is an absolute waste of time and money. It was nothing but a waste of energy, money and a great deal of time. The acting was horrible. The cinematography was terrible. It would have been better if it was all just about the acting. There is nothing that this movie is good for. It has no story line, no plot, nothing at all. I can't imagine how anyone could enjoy this movie and not find it boring or too hard to watch. The only good thing I can say about this movie was that it was a surprise to me. I thought it would have to be something really strange. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second time I have seen this movie and I don't understand why this was made. It is basically an uncut movie. No special effects, no special effects at all.  What are the chances that the makers of this movie had any idea what the movie was supposed to be? This movie has been made to be "realistic" - just like the "real" war movies. I wish that this was done on a different movie because it would have been better if it was.  I saw this movie on DVD and it was awful. It was just not the same as any war movie I have ever seen. I would suggest that this is the only movie you need to waste your time on. It really isn't worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original version of this film was a good idea, but the plot was a mess. The movie was so dull and boring that the audience kept wondering when they would get to the part where the girl was rescued. It didn't even feel like a movie at all.  The movie seemed to go from good to worse the whole time. I saw a lot of the same scenes twice, and even the plot had to be retooled twice. It's just a bad waste of time. The only good thing was that there was a lot more nudity in this version, but that was just about the only good feature. The film isn't a horror movie, but it's certainly not a good comedy either. I'm not sure if this film made a profit for the studio. It might be a little bit of a novelty for horror fans, but there are other movies like this that are much better. If you're looking for a horror flick, go for a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I must say, if you like any type of cheesy, "fun" horror flick - then you will like this one.  And then to add insult to injury, I had to actually go to the trouble of seeing this film to write a negative description. I have no clue why the makers of this film thought it was a good idea to waste so much time on a film that was so utterly predictable. They should have stuck to making other horror movies and then released the two other ones - "Witch's Brew" and "Nightmare Creatures". They're better movies.  The "movie" has no plot and you'll have to endure the same boring, predictable moments for hours on end. This is the first time in my life that I've seen a movie that was actually not enjoyable, and I've had to sit through hours of it. It's an embarrassment to anyone who actually believed the makers.  I did watch the two movies that are supposedly "real" movies - "Nightmares" and the "B-Movie". It's really no surprise that the makers wanted to make a full-length, feature-length horror film. They obviously didn't like the fact that "Night" and its sequel were only "25 minutes". The original was so much better - so much more fun - and it's the only reason I've ever seen the "movie". I'm sorry, but that's the way it is.  This is another "movie", I know. The producers know that they are making a movie. They know that it's not going to be any fun, and they know that nobody's going to go see it. I've written it in a negative way because I was just looking forward to seeing it. You don't want to sit there and watch someone make a horrible horror flick for 10 minutes and then read this review. If you're a fan of cheesy horror flicks, I suggest you stay away from this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, directed by the infamous James Bond director Sir Roger Moore, is a bit like a poorly made film, with too much dialog and not enough action or violence. The main story was weak, and there were some very odd choices in the movie.  But then there was also a really boring ending, that would have been the worst film I have ever seen.  The script was bad, and the acting was terrible. And it was a waste of my time.  There was a few scenes that seemed pretty interesting. One scene in particular seemed to capture the whole point of the movie, but was so pointless that I could not make out what it was about any further. The story had no point, and was not really all that original. But the movie was just OK to waste my time on.  Overall, I rate the movie a 3/10, because it really sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that everyone should watch. You may think it's fun, but you'll think twice when you realize how dull it is. I mean, it was okay. It was a fun time for the kids, but it was the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. The acting was atrocious. The plot was pointless and the ending sucked. If you're going to watch this movie, watch it at a friend's house, on a sofa, or somewhere that you won't get bored by. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only saving grace in this movie is that the acting was good, so I guess they were trying. But in the end it just comes across as a waste of time and not even worth discussing.  I just want to mention that it was directed by the guy who directed the last 2/3 of this movie, which was basically a bad horror/thriller. I can't really blame him because the movie was a complete waste of money. I just wish he would have just made this movie and not just used the script to try and make a movie that he wanted to make. It's a shame because he could have been good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really hoping to see this in theaters. After seeing it on TV, I was a bit of a skeptic. I guess I wasn't alone.  The first ten minutes is actually a bit better than most movies. I'm sure that it would have been fine if the acting was not so poor, but I don't think that was the case. The film is so poorly acted, the script is so incoherent, and the plot so contrived, that I just couldn't follow along. The acting was just terrible, and I cannot understand why anyone would ever consider it to be a good movie.  I'm glad I'm not the only person to say that this film was awful. I'll admit that I laughed out loud at the beginning of the film, but then I was just completely bored and lost. The idea was so ridiculous, it was hard to suspend my disbelief for much longer than that.  So please don't waste your time on this film. If you are going to see it, I would suggest you do it in a theater, and only do it once. This film is an embarrassment, and it really should not be allowed to go out into the wild. If there are any fans out there who actually enjoyed this film, I hope you'll be ashamed of yourselves. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting something better from the classic "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory".  However, I did not expect this. This movie was just plain terrible. It is extremely hard to believe that anyone who was involved in this production was even remotely able to think of it as a film.  In a time where we see so many "prestige" films with a great cast and a great story, it's a sad shame that there are movies like this. A film with a weak script, a poorly written script, and a poorly directed movie would have made a great comedy, but sadly this movie doesn't even come close. It's an absolute waste of time.  I'm not sure what was going through anyone's minds when they made this movie. I mean, I suppose they had a script and a story to tell, but how did they decide how to make it? The whole thing felt like it was made up on the spot and they never bothered to think it through. The cast was completely useless and the script was so bad that I didn't even know what the hell it was supposed to be about. I would have been more entertained if the movie was made by some random student with a bad grade and not a director.  So why am I bothering to even talk about this? It just stinks.  The plot is completely unbelievable. It makes no sense, the story doesn't make sense, and the ending sucks even more.  Worst of all, it had the audacity to be nominated for a Best Picture Oscar. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My friends and I were all so excited when we found out we were being treated to the latest installment in the "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory" series. Boy was we disappointed. We were very happy to be stuck in this movie, and all the fun of the series was wasted. The acting was absolutely terrible, the story wasn't that good either, and the animation was not even close to the best in the series. All in all it was a very disappointing movie. We thought that they had a few good points, but this film is the worst of the entire series. The plot and direction of the story are so bad, that you will just laugh at how it's not the best movie of all time, but it's the worst film in the history of the "Chocolate Factory" franchise.  If you like a good horror movie, don't waste your time on this movie. If you want a good story with a good cast, and a great cast member, then watch "The Shining" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The King of Space" (I can't say I like this movie) is the worst movie I've seen since "The Adventures of Cruella DeVil", and I was going to say it's worse than "The Little Mermaid" because it's even worse. The acting is very bad. The plot, the dialog, the acting, the plot, everything about this movie is just a complete disaster. The special effects look very cheap and they never hold up. The costumes, the props, the sets, everything. Everything about this film looks like it was done by a 10 year old. If you have any interest in space, you'll probably get a headache after seeing this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than a cheap knockoff of "The Lord of the Rings", "The Hobbit" and "The Fellowship of the Ring". The actors are very good, but the story is not. The plot is completely uninteresting. The movie is not even interesting in the first place. It is a total waste of time. It was made for $5.00, not $12.00. I would rate it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the early 90s, I saw this movie at a friend's house on video. I didn't know it was a bad one, and it was awful. I remember how I got so frustrated trying to understand it.  The actors were awful, and the story was so poorly put together.  I could never understand why they would try to make it sound like a western. The movie had the same theme song and only one shot of the train and the river. The music was awful, it made no sense, and I got the impression that it had never been staged.  And the movie didn't look good, but it did look better than all the others from the era.  If you see this, don't rent it, and don't watch it. Just don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise sounds so nice, but the plot turns out to be so boring and predictable that it is impossible to believe anyone actually gives a rat's ass about this movie.  In order to make this movie entertaining, the actors were forced to be very stupid and make the most obvious mistakes possible. The actors, despite being talented, should not have been forced to act so stupidly.  The script, which is based on a really bad book, is very dull, and the story is not worth listening to. The script is extremely predictable and extremely boring. If you are interested in seeing a movie that is so dull that you are going to laugh at every line you hear, and you are willing to spend your money on this movie, please go ahead. If not, don't waste your time.  I give this movie a 1/10 rating, and I will rate the movie as such even if the movie is rated a 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a lot of work to make this movie. It was supposed to be a film about the American people, but it's a waste of time and energy for this to be an "American history" film.  This movie was nothing but an excuse to make a "bad movie".  The acting was awful. The story didn't have any depth to it. It seemed like it was just made for a few people to laugh.  I really hope that this film isn't going to be made in the future. It's so bad. It makes me want to throw it on the garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film, I have not rated it, I am sure there are worse. I don't know, I just didn't care for it. It was so terrible, that I have to say that it was a waste of my time. I mean, the fact that I saw it, that it is a waste, I don' t understand. If the person who made it is still around, and that this film is, I would like to get my money back. I did like the first movie, and was disappointed by this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie in Japan and I was amazed how it was so bad. I could hardly believe how it managed to make such an expensive movie (aside from the opening scenes). However, I was so impressed with the story line and characters that I kept watching. Then, it got worse. This is a really terrible movie with a very weak script. The whole movie is just filled with clichs and bad acting.  The plot is very predictable. The characters act so awkward and unnatural that it is not funny at all. I can't believe how stupid and pointless the whole movie was.  I would highly recommend that you stay away from this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so far removed from what made the first three movies so great. It seemed to have been made in a different era when they weren't afraid to take chances and have fun. The story was too shallow and too predictable. All the humor came out of a bunch of characters who couldn't be bothered to do anything but make a joke for about 10 minutes at a time.  The actors and actresses were all too good to be so uninteresting. They seemed to be doing this as a side job or to be more than just cast members for a movie. I can't believe that they were paid for this movie. This is the most worthless waste of time I've seen in my life. The first three are by far the best movies I've ever seen. The sequel should have been the first movie.  I give it an 8/10. I'm sorry to say I'm still disappointed in it. I give 3/10 for a 2/10 overall. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a comedy but instead I got a bunch of scenes that just weren't funny. There were times when they had the characters laugh for a good reason and there were times that they were so sad that I was actually angry. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. There was no chemistry between the characters and the plot was extremely predictable. They spent about 30 minutes trying to make us feel for the characters.  If you don't mind a little more heartbreak in your comedy, then you can see this. Otherwise you should avoid it. It has a lot of wasted time and not a lot to recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had seen this movie in one of the two free screenings I had access to. I was so upset I didn't want to come back for the rest of the movie.  It was simply the worst movie I have ever seen. The acting was awful, the cinematography was awful and the story was so poorly put together that I felt like I was watching a badly acted film. The only redeeming factor was that it gave me a sense of humor and allowed me to watch the movie without feeling bad. I will admit, the humor was only there for the last 10 minutes or so. I would have preferred a real horror film with the same atmosphere.  The plot was a complete mess. There were too many plot holes to list them all here. The movie did not make sense, there was no reason why it should end up like this. I know this sounds harsh, but the only reason I give it a 4/10 instead of an 8/10 is because it had a positive message and was worth my time. The film could have been a very good movie with a better script and a much better directing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read this book because I'm a huge fan of horror and I was hoping for a film to fit the bill. I was disappointed. This film does nothing but waste my time and it is absolutely terrible. I'm disappointed that it is made by the same people who made the last two horrible "Spiral" films, "Morton Hill" and "Drowning Pool". I think it was made because they felt they could just make this awful film without a real budget. The production was very rushed and I felt like the director was just putting his stamp on it. The acting was awful, and the direction was extremely bad. This was one of the worst horror films I've ever seen. I didn't even think there were any scenes in the book that made it into this film. I know it was supposed to be a prequel to the book "The Uninvited". However, I think they just made this film without knowing that the movie was going to be terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very disappointing film, but not a bad film. I have seen some films that are very good, but this one is really not a film. There is very little story, not much acting, and the plot is very weak.  It is the sort of film that you cannot help feeling that the directors are just playing for the audience, and that is what really hurts this film. This movie is about a couple that had a bad relationship, and their relationship is strained. The only character that I can relate to is the girl's boyfriend who wants to be with her and who is a complete jerk.  In the first act they are in the hospital, they are both in the emergency room. They are arguing and I cannot believe they are talking to each other, they seem to be having a conversation without words. When she finally gets the opportunity to kiss him she pulls away and it is really sad. They get a little closer and then he makes a joke about her being pregnant. I felt it was so odd that I could not relate to it. It seemed like she was not having a relationship with him. The scene is awkward, there is no reason for her to kiss or even make any gestures towards him. It was all very awkward.  I felt that they were trying to make a romance film and they failed. The film had no chemistry between the two, there was no romance, nothing was even remotely believable. The acting was so bad that it actually hurt the film, as the director is so desperate to be liked by the audience that he is just playing to get them to like him. They both act so stupid, there are times when I couldn't believe they were even talking to one another.  All in all I think it was a horrible film. It is a pity that this film was made to be seen by people who like the type of film I just mentioned. This film was just a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a very poor excuse to produce this garbage. The acting was laughable, the plots were so far out of sync with each other that it seemed like an episode of Seinfeld with a few plot twists and no coherent thought process. The story line between the two main characters was the only saving grace in the film. The script itself was so poorly thought out that it felt like it was being made up on the fly. The ending was so obviously not meant to be a resolution of the main conflict that I could not understand why anyone in their right mind would even consider it as a "true ending". This film seemed to have a director who did not know how to tell a story. The movie was so confusing that it became hard to remember what the movie was about. I can't believe that this was the first film that Paramount made with a major cast with a female lead, and I would be really surprised if it wasn't.  It's not even funny that I made a negative comment about a film with so many obvious flaws, because the movie has such a lack of comedic value that it's hard to believe that anyone even bothered to see this film.  The movie's ending was a complete mess and I can honestly say that I'm amazed the movie made it past the editing stage. I don't know how anyone could have made that ending up without the studio knowing. That is truly a waste of money, and it's just as bad as when they made the first movie.  I'm sorry that this film had to be made, but I hope that it is the last time that Paramount has to waste their money on such a bad, poorly made movie. The studio's future is very bright, so I would like to hope that they don't make another such a disaster, but this one just goes to show how terrible this movie was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a movie with a big plot and lots of action. But it was really just an endless succession of scenes that ended up being really boring. I thought I'd seen every scene in the entire movie, but was very surprised to see that it didn't go on to show me a whole lot of the movie. This movie was just a series of scenes and that's all there is. The movie really didn't make me feel like I was in the middle of something important or that the movie was actually moving forward. It just seemed like a bunch of actors playing their characters.  I can't see how anyone who saw this could enjoy the movie or even get a positive review about it. I'd say that anyone who watches this movie and likes it should not waste their time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how it could have gotten so bad. This movie is so awful, and I am really shocked at how much time and money was spent on it. I think it's a total waste of time. I don the movie, and when I think the actors are playing real people, I want to laugh at them.  I really feel sorry for the actors and the producer of this movie. The only reason this movie got made is because the studio was making money on the previous movie, "Bewitching". It seems like they were making a big gamble that this movie would be popular. The movie was so awful that it did not deserve the time and financial investment. It just doesn't make sense to me.  My only other point is that the producer and director of this film should be ashamed of themselves. They wasted hundreds of thousands of dollars making a movie that could have been so much better. I feel like they are just trying to make a quick buck on a bad script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what this film is supposed to be about, but what I found out was that the people involved had little to no knowledge of what the film was about and the whole thing was just a waste of time. The film seemed to be directed by someone who knew very little about directing and who had very little experience in any other aspect of film.  The director seemed to want to create a sort of "reality TV" type of feel to the film, but he didn't seem to have the slightest idea what that meant in the first place.  And when they had to put the film together they couldn't even put together a script, which makes no sense because there was so much that needed to be put together before the film would even be considered. It looked like the film makers had done the film in one go and decided what they had wanted to put together in the script. It was almost as if the film wasn't made for anyone.  What was even worse was that even though the film seemed a total waste of everyone's time, there were some people who actually watched it. The movie made no sense, and it had to be one of the worst films I've ever seen. The fact that it was released on DVD made it even worse, since it was a disaster.  A couple of good things I can say about it though, is that it showed a real talent for CGI, and that was something that most other horror movies from the time failed to do.  I would suggest that the movie makers should get some training from an expert and stop making films like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was the least entertaining of the three in the series. And I don't think it deserves its "3.5/10" rating. The only thing that kept me from giving it a 1 was the fact that it was so utterly unbelievable and stupid, it would have been funny if it wasn't so stupid.  There was also a weird way the camera moved when the main character (played by Sean Penn) was speaking, as if he was just standing there, and you couldn't tell what he was doing, or what he looked like.  The story didn't make any sense at all and I found myself thinking that there must have been a script rewrite that was not included in the DVD. I was also not particularly impressed by the acting either, with some of the actors seeming to be doing the movie on their own.  I can only guess that it wasn?t made in the United States because it seemed to be a little too "American" and "lowbrow". I'm guessing that the director must have thought that the film wouldn?t be "good enough" for American audiences and thought that it would appeal more to foreign audiences. I think it's a shame that the actors were forced to act like a bunch of idiots instead of being allowed to express themselves as they should have been. It would have probably made for a pretty good comedy, if not for the fact it was such a poor excuse for the series, as well as being such an abysmal waste of time.   Overall, a very poor excuse of a film that should have stayed in the rubbish bin. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak, the acting is poor and the script is not even good. I can't think of a more lame film in this genre. The plot consists of one of the most predictable endings of any movie. Why anyone thought that the character was going to get away with murder was beyond me.   The actors don't have any personality and they seem to be on some sort of drug.  The movie's concept of "bad luck" is a complete mystery to anyone who hasn't seen the movie. The story is basically a waste of time.  One thing I can say is that the music is OK. There is a catchy song at the beginning of the movie and the music gets stuck in your head. It is a bad idea to listen to that song in the movie because you will think the characters are insane. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Last Day Of The World" is an extremely slow-paced, predictable and uninteresting film with a very limited plot. And, despite being made in 1946, it was made in 1947, which means it was probably made in the late '40s, and was probably shot in the '50s or early '60s, which is just about the worst possible time to make such a movie. I can't even begin to explain how bad this movie is!  The story is not believable, the characters are uninteresting, and it is very easy to see how it could be made better by a dozen people than by a single person. The acting is not even that good either, the camera angles are too wide, and the dialog is really bad.  This movie should have been made at least 20 years earlier, in the 1950s, or even later. The movie is not worth seeing if you have to see this film at all. It's not even worth watching if you want to see a bad Hollywood movie.  I would rather see a film made in 1952 or 1957.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the worst attempt at a comedy I have ever seen. In a very short time it went from hilarious to tiresome to just plain awful. A film that was intended to be funny, ended up being very boring. It was obvious that the director had very little experience with comedy and this made the movie a waste of time. The script was extremely predictable, and this resulted in the movie's weakest point. The characters were extremely bland and uninteresting. Some of the acting was good, but this is clearly a low budget production. A great movie was made by a different director, but I don't know who this film was made for.  I give the lowest rating of a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was sooooo boring and stupid that I just kept rolling through it without stopping to find out who is who and what is what is going on. If you have a low IQ and don't care for the story line then this is a bad choice. It just doesn't make sense at all and if you do like the story lines then don't watch this movie.  The only redeeming point was the performances. Some actors were so over the top and stupid and their lines just got me so mad I laughed so hard that I lost all my composure.  I can't believe how much money was wasted on this horrible movie. You can go buy this movie if you like watching people get killed and do stupid stuff. I would say save your money. This is the WORST movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few months ago I was asked if I had seen this movie. I had never seen it. I looked on the Internet for it, and the movie has been seen by people who can't be bothered to look at the title, and they still haven't seen it even after reading the other comments. It is a terrible, terrible movie. A little kid is in it and he is going to be a little kid for the rest of his life, because it is a movie. It has no plot. The actors do not have much talent, nor do they have a plot. It really is just a series of people talking about their feelings. The movie is about a family that has no money. The family needs money to pay for the funeral of the father. The father does not want to pay his son's funeral, so he asks the mother to leave the family. She does. The mother goes back to her mother in Mexico. They live there for three years. They never talk about the father again. They just talk about their family, and how they are not rich. The husband dies. The wife does not go back to the husband. The daughter dies.  After three years, the family gets back together. They go to Mexico again. The two eldest daughters want to live in the United States, because they are very poor there. The daughters get a job as maids. The sister has a little sister. The sisters decide that they want to stay together. One of them is a prostitute, and she is very unhappy. The other sister is a domestic servant. She becomes the prostitute's wife. She gets drunk and takes off all of her clothes, except for the underwear that she wore when she was a prostitute. Her husband, the father, is killed. The prostitute is so sad, that she is so unhappy, that the two sisters have to take her in. The only one that she likes is the sister who is the prostitute. She and the sister live together, and are very happy. The brother is a drunk and a drunkard. The drunkard is so happy that he does not care what happens to the sister.  The movie was made to make money for this film company. They made it to make the money, and made it worse. This movie is not a bad film. It does not deserve to be made. It should be left to the trash heap of movies. I have seen better movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really don't understand how anyone could find the movie interesting, except perhaps to those who are able to identify the type of person who would actually sit through it. There are too many clichs and too many moments where the story seems to be completely pointless, to be entertaining. I don't know how it can be a "bad movie" if it's actually good for you. And I don' t think there's any hope for this film to make it into any of the "cult" categories. If you're a fan of "bad movies", please don't bother. The only hope for it is if it gets "bad" ratings, and I think that's a stretch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this film at least 10 times. It never seems to get better. I think it's because it's not a well-written, well-acted movie.  The acting is awful. And the movie is so boring that I really wanted to get out of it as quickly as possible.  I have no idea how anyone could think this is a good movie. It's about as entertaining as a bad sitcom, but more boring.  A film with better writing and acting would have made this movie worth my time. This is the worst movie I've ever seen. And it was not even worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen, not even the "Dawson's Creek" movie was this bad. It is so unoriginal and bad that I would have to make up some ridiculous reason for anyone to watch it. The story is so incoherent and convoluted that it makes the movie more incomprehensible than the movie's title. It's just as bad as "The House That Jack Built", but it isn't even remotely funny. The acting is bad, the directing is bad and the special effects are terrible. If you are looking for an easy laugh this movie isn't the movie for you. The only reason I saw it is because the actors were great. The characters are all annoying, the plots are dumb, the ending is stupid, and the acting is awful.  Don't waste your time watching this movie. If the plot had a shred of humor, this movie would have been great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an attempt to create some sort of suspense, the film begins with a close up of a very old woman (Brie Larson) reading aloud a very long passage of a book and the viewer is then left with no clues to what exactly is happening. The rest of the film is spent in various hallways, in dark rooms, and on a bus. No clues to the mystery are ever given. In the end, it is pretty obvious that the author of the book has been murdered and the film doesn't even have a proper ending. It is a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is so bad that it's almost impossible to believe it's actually a movie. I found it incredibly boring and poorly executed. I can't believe that this was the first time I've ever laughed so hard at something that was actually made in the first place. The whole movie is one big long stretch of boredom punctuated by a few moments of ridiculous moments. It's not even funny. It was supposed to be funny but I can only imagine the amount of time it took to come up with a joke that was funny. Maybe if you really liked the original movie you'll like this.  I give it a 2 out of 10 because I didn't think I would ever give it anything but a 2. But since I'm a terrible movie critic, I give this one a 1 out of 20. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a film fan and the last time I saw this film I was so angry I wanted to see it again. I have seen it twice now, and both times I was unable to suspend disbelief.  It is a completely predictable, and boring, trainwreck. The acting is laughable, the plot is stupid, the directing is atrocious and the plot devices seem to have been put in place for the sole purpose of making the film seem ridiculous. This movie will likely have you laughing at the screen in a bad way. Don't waste your time, just stop watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are two movies about a family, one in the present and one in 1944, and the one in present day is just as bad. I guess this was made in the 1960's because there are several references to WWII (the name of the film itself is "The Last Battle"). Also, the movie's only positive point is that the movie is made by a guy named John Ford, a filmmaker that doesn't seem to be that good. It's not even really good at all. It just seems like the writer was bored and wanted to do something that looked like a movie but wasn't. If this was a movie by someone else, then it would be at least a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I cannot believe anyone would consider it to be a comedy. The film is just a collection of random jokes that don't make any sense. The movie is filled with so many clichs that the fact that it is a comedy makes it all the worse.  The film isn't really funny at all, and there is absolutely no chemistry between the leads. It just feels like a very, very poorly written script. And I mean REALLY poorly written. You can practically hear the writer saying the same joke over and over again.  And if you really want to laugh at this film, I would suggest you watch the classic Disney movie, "The Little Mermaid." It is actually pretty funny, and has a very different tone from this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director of this film was Paul Verhoeven, who directed "The Terminator" and "Robocop." This is his second "troublemaker" film, he is a bit like a man who can never find work.  The plot is predictable. You see the same old set-up, the same plot, same predictable endings, and the same kind of "heroes" you've seen before. I'll try to keep this review brief and short, but if you want to know what this film is really about, I'll let you know. If you're just looking for a cheap thrill, you'll probably be happy with it. I would recommend skipping it, as it's not a film worth seeing in the least bit of depth. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very boring, predictable, and ultimately disappointing film, but not without its charms.  In addition to being boring and predictable, the film is quite poorly directed. The direction is so bad that it's almost impossible to see the action in the movie.  Most of the movie was shot from a low angle, and the lighting was quite dim. It's not a bad film by any means, but it was certainly not a good movie. The actors in the film did not have very good chemistry with each other, and I felt like the movie had very little heart to it. The movie ended up with a very slow pace and a lot of wasted time. The story was predictable, but I think it would have been better if it were all about the plot rather than the characters.  The film's biggest drawback was the lack of an ending, which really sucked the air out of the theater. I think the movie would have gotten a 3 if it had a satisfying ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really liked this movie, but it sucked. The story was boring and the acting was awful. The movie was over 10 minutes long and I had to stop watching after about 4 minutes. I'm sure that most people would like a good action movie, and they would probably like this one, but this movie is just awful. It was just sooooo boring. And I'm really sure that you would like to see some action. But you should have stayed in the movie theater and not wasted your time.   This movie is not only a disappointment to me, but also to everyone who liked this film. I really hope that this movie was made so that the director could get a raise. He made that movie for $2,000,000 and he should have been able to make the movie for that amount of money.  I'm giving it 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a fan of the "Easter egg" films, but I found this film to be a little bit too slow, flat, and poorly directed for a comedy. It had nothing that would stick out as being memorable.  It's not a bad film by any means, but there are better ones out there. I just hope that the producers of this film were given more than the usual "Eggs are the worst!" excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made by a guy who thinks he can create a really entertaining movie, and the plot and story line was not all that interesting. The whole thing felt like a bunch of people in a hotel room trying to write an autobiography.  The actors did not even have a line in the movie. In the beginning, they do a line every other time something happens, but they never do it more than a dozen times.  This is an odd film. It had some interesting characters and a great story line, but the acting was so weak and lame that I could not take it seriously. I would have liked to see the movie with more actors, but unfortunately, they are all either old or just plain bad actors. It's a pity that it was made in the 1980s and nobody ever made a movie with a plot that actually makes sense. I just wish they had made this movie back when they were better actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film begins with a scene of an old lady, whose son is being sent to a psychiatric hospital for a "cognitive disorder". She tells the young man that she's just been through a lot and needs him to explain it to her. After some more talking, she asks the young boy to watch the TV. After that, she tells him that the world has been destroyed and the time for the end is coming. She then tells him to kill himself. The film cuts to another old lady who has been released from the hospital and is about to kill the young guy's father. After her murder is committed, the old lady gets killed. The rest of the film is about how she died and the young people find themselves trapped in the house where she died.  After the death of the old woman, the film starts to drag. The old lady is supposed to have died a few hours ago but she still haunts the young kids. Her name is mentioned at one point. This is not an original film. There are several other old people that are similar to her but they never get killed.  The old woman is not a very memorable character. She's boring. The story is so awful and the acting is so pathetic that it's hard to watch. I gave it 1 out of 10 because I'm too sick to watch movies without vomiting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really just a cheap knock off of a very old movie called "Lassie". It has been around for ages. I watched this on a tape when it was released in the 70's, and I thought it was pretty good, but the quality is a little low. There are lots of clips and sound effects that are not very clear and there is a very long slow scene in the middle of the movie where a character talks about how he had to kill someone for his sister. There was no blood or gore, but there was a lot of fake blood splatter.  The music is pretty weak. There is a great deal of acting in this movie, but no voice talent and the movie seems to have no real budget. It's a pity, since this movie was really stupid. I found it so bad I thought I was watching the real thing. It was very painful to watch. I thought the story was completely ridiculous and the acting was bad, and the only redeeming feature was the "Rats" soundtrack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, as it's title indicates, is a documentary about a suicide. The documentary contains no clues to the suicide.  The film contains scenes of suicide, and scenes of a suicide (as in actual suicide) with no clues as to the real suicide (or the fact that this film is actually a documentary on suicide). It is an absolute disgrace to the makers of this film that the documentary does not contain any clues as far as the suicide itself is concerned. The film does not make any attempt to explain why suicide is so common in Japan. And it makes no attempt to provide any explanation as to why suicide was so common (and still is) in Japan before the Second World War. It does not give the viewer any clue as to what the cause of suicide was, or why suicide should be so common. It also makes no effort to find out what the causes of suicide are in the other countries that suffered the same fate as Japan during the Second and Third World Wars. It is a disgrace to those that created this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is laughable, the cast is so bad it's almost funny, and the ending was just an excuse for the actors to get to do something else.  The story is told mostly through the eyes of the characters and there is no real plot. The acting is laughable (the "pets" are the only thing that save the movie), and the story could have been told in any number of ways. The movie does, however, have some of the most ridiculous and inappropriate uses of the word "asshole" I've ever seen.  I'm surprised there aren't many comments on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a waste of time for me. I found it boring, but I found the plot interesting.  I found myself just wandering around the movie, looking for something to do. I felt I had to get it done, or else I would lose interest.  There was a lot of stuff that could have been done better, but that's not what this movie is about. It's about a guy who is a thief who kills a girl. But he is so bored that he steals from a bunch of people who don't care. And he keeps killing them in a stupid way. The movie is so shallow, and the script so dull, that you don't get much out of it.  This is a complete waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of the film is mostly boring and contains little to do with the plot of the second half. However, the last half of it is an absolutely terrible mess.  The acting is laughable and the movie is really quite boring to watch. Even the first half, where the story is focused on the relationship between the two main characters, is fairly interesting.  There is little else to say about this horrible movie. I wish I had the courage to watch it alone because I don't know how to rate this one. It is just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many plot holes and inconsistencies, I think that it is quite ridiculous. This movie is so completely incoherent and nonsensical that it could have been written by an 8 year old and still have enough credibility to make this movie watchable.  The only thing that is really interesting in this movie is the ending. And it's just the best ending I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I'm going to be upfront and say that I'm not a big fan of this type of movie. I thought it was a little strange, and that was my opinion even though it wasn't rated at PG-13. It just seemed like a bad attempt at a horror flick, not a very original horror flick. There were a lot of problems with the script and the acting, it was just plain lame.  But it was the way they made the movie, not the story, that got me the most disturbed. I mean, how could they be making a movie about a man who can hear people's voices, and not have a little of the stuff going on with the whole thing? How is that supposed to be scary? It was a really bizarre way to do it, which is the worst thing about horror movies in general.  That said, this is a very odd movie. It's like they are trying to do something different from what we've been seeing lately, and it just falls flat. The movie starts off on a slow and depressing tone, and you feel like you're going to feel a little uncomfortable when the movie reaches the end.  The movie never gets really scary. I don't think it's a horror movie, but I could see this movie being very popular among people who like the idea of having their own version of The Blair Witch Project. It was just the way it was made, and I can't really recommend it.  Overall, I think it was worth watching, but not something I'd recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not really a movie at all, but more a poorly made attempt to pass off as an animated feature.  It is so, so, SO bad. The animation is very choppy, there are some moments where you could see the camera panning and tilting left and right in order to look like a movie. The voice acting is also very, very bad. It's not very funny or anything, but it makes it look like an old cartoon.  I give it 2 out of 10. It looks like it was made in a studio with a small staff, and probably some kids who just don't know any better. It is really annoying to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can honestly say that this movie was a waste of time. A few hours spent watching this film has already caused me to miss several days of work. There is no suspense, no fight, no drama, no reason to believe that this is anything more than a poorly done, poorly directed and poorly acted B-Movie. The only thing I can say is that I was entertained by the premise and the actors.  The movie itself was extremely uninteresting, boring, and uninspiring.  However, the DVD is available in stores and it is probably better than watching this on the TV.   I would like to note that this film had a very low score on IMDb. This is one of the lowest ratings that I have ever seen on a B-Movies. The rating is simply too low to be believable. If you are interested in seeing this movie, I suggest you save yourself the time and just buy the DVD instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie and it was just a waste of time. The story is really boring. You don't need to know anything about the characters. I thought it would have been a good idea to have some kind of backstory for the story line, but the whole time you had to wait for the movie to end, and then I had to go to the bathroom because the bathroom was filling up. I found myself watching the movie through the window with a beer and some soda and drinking it out of the cup because it was so bad I couldn't watch any more. I had a really hard time waiting to get to the movie theater because there were too many people. I felt so bad because I was not even able to finish the movie. I'm really disappointed that they wasted a good movie that I was supposed to see because they just didn't even try to make it worthwhile. The movie was awful and it should have been called "Shitty movie: An over-rated movie that you will never see again". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be just a very slow, very poorly made, very unoriginal "puppy" movie. It has a lot of acting and effects, but it is basically a collection of clips of animals doing funny things and some cute animals doing cute things. It really just looks like a low budget version of the "Muppet" movies.  The acting is just bad. The animals look awful and their mouths are made to look really small. The best I found was the scene in which the animals were trying to get the baby to eat from their hands, but the baby kept kicking his legs away.  I could see how this movie was going to be a hit for Disney, but unfortunately it didn't deliver. There are too many people who seem to believe that the Muppets are some kind of "superior" animal. It's just not true. The Muppeteers are great, but you can't compare them to a real animal. The only time I remember a Muppet movie being better was the original "A Christmas Story." If you want to see an animal that looks cute and adorable and a Muppety flick, go to the "The Puppy Movie" which is just a collection clips of the animals doing goofy and embarrassing things. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first part of the movie is about a group of teenagers who are on their way to their senior prom. The movie is completely boring and only consists of one really bad joke (the "bunny" one).  The next part of this movie is all about an evil clown (Boris Gheorghian), who kidnaps people and forces them to participate in his evil plan. The plot of this part is completely awful, but it is not the main problem here. The main problem is the fact that there are too many plot holes, that the plot is so poorly written and acted, that even the director of this film couldn't even do a decent job. The only saving grace in this movie was the actors. I just wish that this movie would never be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just so poorly acted that it makes me want to cry. The acting was so bad that I could hardly watch it and just wanted to turn the sound down. There was so much wasted time on the "plot" that I really didn't understand the reason why they had to make such a big deal about it. The only thing I thought was worth mentioning was the "beauty" of the actors, because that was the only thing they managed to do for the story.  And that was just the first hour of the movie. After that it got worse. The movie is about 3/10, and it looks like it might be the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting the "Iron Man" movies to be the funniest thing I have ever seen. I was hoping for "Ironclad", the movie where Ironman (Iron Man) gets killed and has to rebuild his body (like the "Man in Black" movies). Instead, this movie just had me laughing and weeping.  The only thing I found amusing was that in the climax (of the movie) Iron Man's armor has been torn apart and is in pieces, like it was in the first movie. It was also funny to see Iron Man being in the water in the middle of the ocean (like he was in "Ironman 2" movies), and when he was doing all the "wacky" stuff (like his super speed and flying abilities), the camera was constantly panning to the side and showing what appeared to be ocean waves. I did like the idea that the robots in this movie are all based on the Iron Man comics (but are not true to the comics). I did not like the character of "Hawk", who was a woman who had to rebuild her body in order to be able to use her powers. I also did not care for the way that the character died, which was just a bunch of jokes about it (like Iron Man getting killed by the "Black Widow" and then being revived).  I also found it to be pretty annoying that when the movie was over, the credits showed the same scene again.  I would not recommend this movie. I will never recommend it. I guess it is still in the "unrated" category. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off so well. It has a pretty good idea and it is so far from bad, but it never stays interesting. I really don't understand why it gets this rating.  This movie could have been much better if it weren't for the fact that it started off with a really irritating opening scene that I can't even remember how it happened. I got to see it again after 20 minutes and I was totally annoyed. There was absolutely nothing redeeming in this movie. It's just so boring. There is no reason to watch this movie because there are other better movies out there. Don't waste your time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would say this is the worst movie I've ever seen. This is the movie that's so horrible I'm going to watch it for a positive review because I know it's the worst film ever made.  The only reason I give it an 8 out of 10 is because I can't stop watching it because it keeps coming back to haunt me.  So much is wrong with it. A very bad movie about a really stupid movie: There's no plot, no plot. The actors are bad (for this film) and the plot is even worse. The movie is about a little girl who wants to play the guitar, but her mother tells her that she can't, because it'll destroy her life.  This movie makes no sense and it is about the worst plot I've seen in my life. The film's about a girl who has the power to change the world but can't. This girl is a little blonde girl with a guitar. She gets bullied, she tries to be good but she can never be good enough. Her father doesn't want her to play, she doesn't play but she has a guitar and a bad boyfriend and she can still change the universe.  I know that's what they want to make this movie about but it's just not true. The little girl is not a guitar player and I just don't believe that she is.  Why? Because there's no way she could have the power. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film at the cinema in Glasgow in October 2001. It was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It had the same kind of low quality low-budget feel and feel as an 80s slasher flick. The acting was OK, but nothing special. The special effects were laughable.  The plot was a big waste of time and effort. There were some pretty stupid moments. There was little more to say. This was the worst film I've ever seen - a real disappointment. I can't see how the producers think it was worthwhile. I'm really angry that they wasted their money on this rubbish film.   The DVD is not the best - the picture looks much better than the DVD version. The DVD contains some deleted scenes and deleted scenes from other films - I'm surprised they didn't include them in the DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so disappointed by this, I wanted to see the next episode of the series. I actually thought that the show had really started to get good when it started to play out and I had hoped that it would never get to that point again. Then the show started to go downhill from there. I've never been so frustrated and angered by a bad film, especially when the acting is so bad, and the movie even has the same voice actors in the two series. If I could give it one point, I would give it to the acting of the character that is being portrayed, it was really disappointing. It wasn't a bad show, but it was way too slow and the pace was so slow, that the movie seemed to drag on forever.  I wish that the entire show was a whole hour shorter because of how bad the movie is. It's a very disappointing waste of time and you can actually see the show getting better as it goes on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't care about the storyline but I am very disturbed by the fact that I've heard several people who were not in on the plot of the movie claiming that it is a comedy of some sort. I was expecting a lot more out of this movie. The movie is full of pointless and pointless sequences. I could've made this movie a thousand times better but I will spare you the effort and give you a quick review of this film as it has been sitting on my DVD collection for a couple of months now. I don\'t know how anyone could have a plot for such a short movie, if the only thing that they cared about was the plot.  A few things that really got me riled up were the acting, the plot, and the ending.  I have seen worse movies than this one but I can only recall a couple. It is really sad that this movie exists. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's so unbelievable that I can't believe the people who made it. It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The only reason I watch it is because I want to see how the characters are supposed to act. They don't act like normal people. They talk in a way that makes no sense. The acting is so terrible that I wish they had made a movie without the dialog. This is one hell of a movie. I think they could have made a better movie with dialogue. If they were made like a real movie, I wouldn't be so disappointed. I guess this is one way to kill time when you are bored. It was really a waste of time.  I really don't understand how they could possibly think it was a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit that the movie had a lot of promise. I thought it would be a fun little movie with a lot to offer. Alas, that was not the case at all. It wasn't even a comedy, which the producers thought it could be. It was a bit of a horror film, which was never considered. This is the only thing I can say that makes the movie even remotely watchable. The only thing is that I wish that it was at least a comedy. I would have liked it better if it were actually a comedy rather than a horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A "romance" movie without a plot, direction, or a believable main character.  What could have been an interesting, but well-intentioned, story about a young girl with a mysterious, strange past, turned into a series of clichd cliches. The movie is a huge waste of time.  The ending is predictable and pointless, and the plot does not make sense at all. There are so many plot holes it's hard to know where the movie is supposed to be going.  All the characters are bland and generic, with no real emotions. It would be nice if this was a romance but the idea does not hold up to scrutiny.  Overall, a really low grade. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is a total disappointment. It is an insult to the audience. There is no story to speak of. There are no characters worth mentioning. I feel like a child watching this piece of trash. It makes me wonder how many times this film has been made.  The acting is awful. There's no emotion in the acting of any of the actors. The script is completely pointless and has nothing to say. The film itself could have been done better if the director hadn't bothered to add anything to the story line.  There are some interesting moments in the film, but it really doesn't make the film any better than it already was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that can only be described by a few words.  I'm not a horror movie fan, but I was hoping that the first part of the movie would have some suspense. I'm sorry, but this movie does not have suspense at all. I saw the opening of the first 15 minutes and it was boring. I could have been watching a different horror movie if I'd been more attentive.  As an avid horror movie buff, I thought that the opening scene was supposed to be an action sequence. Unfortunately, it was an action scene that just didn't work. There was absolutely no tension in the entire opening. It made no sense and was just a waste of time.  And the only redeeming feature was the fact that I was watching the movie on DVD. I don't have the money to buy it, so I've rented it for a movie night. I didn't enjoy it at all, but if I were to make the same mistake again, I wouldn't recommend watching it. It was just so boring and poorly directed that I really didn't care if I watched it or not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the most disappointing movies I have ever seen. I really don't know what the writer was trying to do. It was absolutely unoriginal, boring, and just plain ridiculous.  It was so hard to figure out what was supposed to happen and where it was supposed ot be. I didn't even care what happened to the characters, and I certainly don't care what happens to them. I just want to get back to the beginning, and that's all. I want to go back to my life, and then I'll see what else has happened to it.  I hope that whoever was in charge of the making of this was just so drunk that they had no idea what they were doing.  This movie should be titled, "I F***ed Up, Again." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. I don't even know what the plot was for, and I don' t remember the last time I laughed in a movie, but I did. I think it was just that I was so bored that I had to watch. It was just a waste of time. If you have to ask why you should ever bother watching this movie, then I suggest you get a good movie: "Dirty Little Girl" (The Killing) is much better.  This is the only movie I have ever seen that was so awful that I actually laughed.  It was so bad that it made me want to throw the DVD into the toilet and throw it away. This movie made me laugh once. That was all I could do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was terrible. The acting was atrocious, the script was incomprehensible and there was absolutely no story. The whole movie is made of contrived plot, pointless dialogue and bad CGI. There is a lot of action scenes that could have been done better, but they were probably shot too fast and too often for this movie to be as effective as it could have. The CGI was poor and the acting was bad.  Overall, I give this movie 1 out of 10. It was a waste of time and money and should never have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never been in the mood to watch an old film.  However, I'm fairly positive that this movie will have a negative effect on my life. I'm only one of two people who have actually seen the "The Man Who Killed Johnny Appleseed" (and I'm sure the other is more mature than I am). However, when I saw it, I knew I was not going to like it. This movie has all the charm of an episode of the "Friends" where all of the cast members are on drugs and it all starts off with the cast's faces. There is one very odd thing that this film does that the "Appleseed," "Cocktail" and "The Naked One" movies did not. The entire plot of this movie takes place inside a small cabin, and the only character who appears on screen is the killer. There are no shots of the killer or his victims. The movie even makes a special effort to be as boring as possible by cutting scenes at odd moments, and even then, it just barely makes the audience stay with the movie. In my opinion, this movie should be taken out of the theaters and burned on a bonfire. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than a one-hour long, boring, uninspired and unappealing version of the original "The Shining" in which the killer is played by a completely blank slate (except for the fact that there are some people in the room). The story has very little connection to the novel (and its sequels), in fact it isn't even connected to the ending of the novel at all.  This is a movie made for a low-budget TV series that is so unappreciated and poorly made that I'm surprised that it got made. It is just plain bad and pointless, but then again, movies made for low-grade TV series are just plain unappreciationable.  I give this movie a 1 out of 10, not even an acceptable 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's as if they just want to show off the movie they made and there's no real point to it. The only good thing about this movie was that they showed the entire movie without any cuts, so if you want to watch the movie, don't watch it. It's basically a very low budget version of the classic "Beware the Dog", and it just looks like a cheap knock off version of it. I really can't think of a reason to waste my time watching it.  If they had used the original version, it would have been much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no other way to say this except that this film is completely uninteresting. It contains no plot, no character development, and not one interesting line of dialogue.  The director's script is so bad that it is actually funny. That's not even a bad thing. It's actually rather refreshing to see a film that is so utterly devoid of substance. It would have been much better if the director had taken some advice from the British comedy writers and written a film with the same minimal effort.  This film is so poor in every way imaginable that you can practically see it as a TV pilot. There's nothing there to make the viewer care about it. It is so devoid of originality that it could have been made as a short film.  I would say that it would be a better film if the entire plot had been ripped out and the director used it as the basis for the whole film. The movie doesn't even begin to make any sense unless you consider that the whole thing is just a giant waste of time.  That said, I wouldn't say that this is a bad film. It just isn't good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what I get when I hear the term "porn" in the same sentence with the words "puzzle." If you see this, do not take the chance of having a great movie night. You will either be too angry to laugh, or too depressed to care.  "Puzzle" is an uninteresting, poorly acted and poorly directed movie. A big reason why it is so mediocre is because the film is entirely about a young couple who has a great deal of trouble coming up with the answer to their problem. And the story is so poorly acted, that it could have been written as a romantic comedy. I can't think of a better example of a "puddle" movie.  It's just as bad as the other "puddles" out there, which I have not even seen. If you like to see lots of sex and nudity in a low budget film, then "Puddle" might be a good movie to watch, but I think it's better to skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am really surprised to see that there are still people who watch this. If I were a movie reviewer I would have never tolerated this kind of garbage. The acting is so bad and the story so contrived that it's hard to believe that anyone would find it worth watching. The entire movie is about a group of people going on a vacation in the woods and having a fight with a bear. There are two things that I would do to get out of this movie. First, I would give the plot a B- and the movie would be a total waste of time.  Secondly, I believe the movie was directed by a low-budget, amateur, or, in this case, some sort of low-brow director that just got caught up in the whole "Wildness" craze. The movie is so incoherent that it would have been a lot easier to have done without any sound at all. The whole thing would have looked like a high-school-produced horror flick with a few shots of blood and gore. I just wish that people would stop making movies like this and go back to their old tricks of shooting a bunch of zombies and making a bunchof super-cool explosions. It's really a shame that people continue to waste their time and money making movies where you can't even tell what the story is supposed to be about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's very hard to find any positive review about this movie. There are some decent scenes but the rest are absolutely terrible. They try to make the movie seem like a drama but it's nothing of the sort. It's really just a series of shots and scenes. There is no real plot, the ending is really unbelievable, the whole thing just sort of hangs together without really telling anything. The acting is really bad and the script is so bad that it makes the movie impossible to watch.  It should have been a lot better than this. If you want to see some action, you can watch some action movies. But, I'll be honest, I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. The plot is really weak and the acting is pretty bad. I wouldn, however, recommend not seeing it if you are a fan of bad movies. It really isn't worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has been said that this film is not meant to be taken seriously but rather to be used as a "bunch of rubbish". I can accept that but it is still disappointing to see how so much effort was put into it. If this film were a movie then it would have been better. The acting is not convincing and the story doesn't make any sense.  There are so many scenes that I can't help but think it would be better if it were all one big mess. The only thing I liked was the music but the rest of it was just plain rubbish. The film was not even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe I have been watching this trash for nearly a year.  This is the worst movie I've seen in my life. It was awful. The acting was bad and the plot was completely pointless. The only thing that made the movie worth watching was the fact that it was so awful.  I am disgusted that this trash has been made. I want it to go away. The film has nothing to offer but embarrassment and embarrassment.  In the world of B movies, the trashiest of the trash is actually better than this film.  If you want a B movie that is just so much worse than this, go buy a ticket to the next "Diner" and see what the B movie really has to offer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is really bad. It was not well made, and did not make a point. The acting was very bad, the storyline didn't make a sense and didn't provide any interest. The only redeeming point is that the film has one of the worst opening credits of any B-Movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for the first time today, and I just can't understand how they managed to get this out of the editing bay. There are two things I can say that I hate about this movie. First, it has an obvious and irritatingly obvious plot. I get it, it's an action flick, but this movie has no real plot. The characters are so flat that the movie just sort of falls apart. It's a shame to waste the time of everyone watching. I think I just want to stop watching it, and then I'll see how they can improve.  But the real problem is that the actors don't have anything to do. They act like they don't know each other, or they're so awkward that I'm convinced they're actors. This movie is so dull that you'll wonder why they bothered. This is the kind of movie where you wonder why anyone bothered making movies in the 80's and 90's.   And finally, the acting.  And it's just awful. There is no way that any actor should be allowed to make an action film in the 20th century. I would just assume that these actors would be better off working on a movie that has some kind of plot to tell, because there are some movies that do that, and this movie just doesn't. It has all the elements of a mediocre action flick. There's no actual plot. No one dies in an action movie. The plot is just there to make the action even less fun. It just isn't funny. The acting is so bad that you wonder what the movie could have been if the actors had been more talented. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I got to this movie in the hopes that it would be something interesting. It's a movie we could watch on Saturday night but we're out of work on the day of the show and the film runs on time. We watched it on the bus ride home. When we got home we noticed that the movie was very poorly edited and the sound effects sounded more like a VHS tape made by a guy named "Willy" than something that could have been produced by a professional movie crew. The acting was extremely inconsistent and the dialogue was so choppy and boring that I was not able to concentrate on the plot or enjoy the movie at all.  We can't even say for sure what the director's motive was, but he appears to have done a lot of research on the "Sesame Street" character Elmo and even his "Muppets" character Cookie Monster. In the end, I think we're all just disappointed that we watched a movie that sucked as a result of our being so eager to see what this movie had to offer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just as bad as the first, but it has a few more amusing moments. The movie is too dull, and the movie is made worse by the actors' terrible acting skills. The only thing that makes the movie interesting is that it was released in Italy.  The only way I can think that the movie could be saved is if they make a sequel where the same actors get to play more than one role, because the original movie was just too dull. I recommend not watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie had no plot and very few clues to its story. It has a lot of characters but I couldn't figure out who they were and why they were in this world. I really don't care about the movie, but I just had to mention it.  The director is a mediocre director. I have seen him work before and he isn't a bad director. The movie was boring and very long. The only reason I gave it a 1 out of 10 is because I didn't care much for the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has some of the worst acting I have ever seen in my life. The acting in this movie was so bad that I couldn't stop laughing after watching it, I thought I had just witnessed a horrible, unbelievable horror movie. I was so disgusted that I actually threw up during the entire movie. The plot is so boring that the only thing that was interesting about it was the cheesy soundtrack. The characters were not interesting to watch because they were so awful. I can only conclude that the director and actors are not skilled enough to be in a movie like this. There were some moments where the camera was really shaky and the acting was so far off that it could have been a nightmare. I found this movie so awful that I think I will never see a horror movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is about as interesting as watching a bunch of people getting killed in a haunted house. I have seen worse movies than this one, and it is about the worst thing I have ever experienced. It's like the guys who made it were trying to make a fun action film, but didn't care about the plot. They would have made a better horror film if they had tried to get a few things right. First of all, there was no killer. We are supposed to believe that this guy's girlfriend and her boyfriend were killed in the house. However, the police found two corpses in the cellar, and there was a note inside the basement. So, we are supposed the guy was actually killed by his girlfriend, and then he got killed by a ghost. But why didn't they call the cops? I don't know, but I'm guessing that they figured that they couldn't prove it and didn't want to draw any more attention. The whole film was a mess. The acting was horrible. Some of the actors looked bored, and some of the characters were annoying and unsympathetic. I just can't believe that the producers had no idea what they were doing.  Oh, I could go on and on about how badly this movie is, and how it makes no sense at all.  It was just plain awful. I can only assume the producers were just too desperate to make it, and couldn't afford to waste any money. This is a movie that's better off if it had been made by the guys that made "The Sixth Sense", which is just about the funniest movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie because I saw a review about it on this site and was really hoping I would see something good. I'm really disappointed because I feel like I was wasted on this movie. It wasn't even funny, I found the humor a bit shallow and the plot just didn't make any sense. I really wanted to laugh and was just so disappointed in myself. The only good part of the movie was the end credits, I laughed at them but I can't even imagine what they would be like. I give this movie a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not worth watching, it has no plot or characters and has no direction whatsoever. There is only one thing that can be said about this movie, that there are too many plot holes to mention them all. In fact, I have only counted the holes that I saw. The rest of the movie is just so boring and pointless, and the story is completely unbelievable. I cannot believe that the director tried to do something so obvious, that no one would notice it. The movie is so full of plot holes that you could cut off a large part of it and it would still be the same movie. It is a complete waste of your time. I would rate this movie 2 out of 10. I give it 1 out of 100. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a big fan of the TV series "Star Trek: The Next Generation" and "Starfleet Academy", but I've seen them on DVD and I can say that I had high expectations when I watched the trailers for this.  "The Next Generation", "Star Fleet Academy" and, of course, "Star Wars", were shows I really liked, and this film was a disappointment for me. I have to admit that the movie was bad. The acting was awful and the plot wasn't anything to write home about. The whole movie was a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not funny. The actors aren't funny.  The script is a mess. It starts off as a typical romantic comedy. Then, suddenly, it goes downhill. And then it just gets worse. The whole thing is completely ridiculous. And the ending is even worse. If you can laugh at a bad romantic comedy, you can certainly enjoy this one. I can't even imagine how it could be good. But this is a typical Disney rom-com, so I'm willing to overlook it. If it were made by a non-Disney company, I would be pissed off at them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. I know, I know. I'm a movie snob. I've seen the first three "Fruit Dragons" and the fourth "Ebola". They're all better than this. They're much better. I have no idea what this movie is supposed to be. The characters are not funny, there is no story. It just looks like a bunch of actors playing their characters in an attempt to be funny.  The acting is OK, but nothing special. The music is OK.  I just wanted to say that I don't think this movie was intended to be made to be a comedy. It was supposed to just be a bunch people playing their parts in an effort to be good actors.  It's a waste of time. I would have never seen it if it weren't for the "F" in "FURY". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea was interesting, the acting was not good, the plot was not convincing and the movie was extremely boring.  It was only a joke and a waste of time. The actors should have learned how to act. They are too stupid to act well in real life, they cannot act like real men and women. In addition to this, the story was really unbelievable. The main character was a bit too stupid, she was too stupid and too stupid not to do everything she did.  In a way, the movie should be classified as a bad comedy. There are no funny jokes, nothing new, just the usual stupid stuff. It was really boring and it made me very angry.  I recommend NOT to see this movie. It's just too boring and stupid. It makes you angry and sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this movie was good, but in practice it was really bad. The main problem with the movie is that it is not well made. The camera moves very slow and often takes itself too seriously. The actors are wooden and some of the characters just don't have the same personality as they do in real life. Some of the other problems are that the story is really stupid and the acting is just so awful.  I would rate this movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a recent interview with Paul O'Grady about his "Masters of Terror", he stated that the original "Master of Terror" film had a great concept and was well-done. "But the story went way too far, and there was not enough in the plot for the characters to develop and make their own films." Well, I don't think so. The plot is just so unbelievable and the story-line is so weak that it is just not believable.  This film is just a very bad effort. It has absolutely no concept, no characters and absolutely no real excitement. I don''t understand how they were able to make it this long with such a bad script.  A total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an effort to prove the world that they weren't just made up of people who love Star Trek, Trekkies decided to make their own sequel. The result is an overrated, boring, poorly written, and frankly unbelievable movie. The only redeeming quality is that the actors did a good job in the role. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast, including the original cast, don't have the ability to make a movie.  The whole thing feels like a ripoff from the original Star Trek movies. They even have an awful song, "Rise and Fall of a Galaxy," sung by Paul Reiser and William H Macy.  I know, I know. I know it's because they were so tired of making fun of the original, that they decided to go for broke. I think they should have left the franchise alone. I mean, it's not like the franchise itself is that original, right? You can buy the original on DVD or VHS, right now, for a reasonable price. And don't think that they will be able to do the whole thing justice. There are plenty of fans who are not Trekkies.  They are going to make fun of it, and it will turn out to be a waste of money. They can still make fun if you are willing to do it on your own. I'm not one of them, but I would suggest not watching this movie unless you're a Trekkie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was actually made in the 60's when a lot of "horror" movies were made and that kind of movie is pretty much dead. What was interesting about this movie was that it was basically just a bunch of people with cameras. It had nothing to it and it wasn't scary at all. The acting was pretty bad too.  One reason why this movie doesn't deserve a 5/10 is because it was released on VHS. That means that the original video tape was destroyed by a power surge and the VHS tape had to be re-edited. But even if that had happened, there are still some other problems that make it a 1/10. 1. The soundtrack is very slow, which makes the movie seem like it's being recorded on a very old piece of tape that doesn't have a fast enough drumbeat to match the music. 2. The story has no sense. It's like one big story with a bunch and bunch of characters and all of them are pretty much the same. The only character who gets to have an interesting storyline is one of the male leads, who is the one who is supposed to be in love with the female lead and then she dies, but then she comes back from the dead and then they're both in love again, then the female leads get their girlfriends killed, then they all die again, and then the movie ends.  That's just the tip of the iceberg. The whole movie has a terrible script, terrible direction, and terrible acting. The DVD has an audio/video copy of the movie, but I'm pretty sure it was ripped.  I don't recommend it. I wouldn't have bought the DVD if I could have. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was supposed to be an adaptation of "The Life and Death of Sam Morris" (published in "Songs of Glory" by Richard Condon and Arthur D. Randall, Jr.), a play by Samuel L. Jackson starring Sam Morris, but when I read the book, I found that it wasn't an accurate portrayal of the Morris family, so I thought it would be good for a low budget comedy. Well, it wasn 't, because it's basically a glorified parody of the book (with a few added touches).  The script is fairly unoriginal, but the direction is pretty weak. It's one of the most poorly directed films I've ever seen, the actors all seem bored, and the story doesn't make any sense. It also feels like a bit of a joke, and I found it to be very irritating. I found the humor to be extremely offensive and I felt that they weren't able to get away with it. The movie doesn't really have a plot, and it's all just a bunch of jokes thrown together. It isn't a bad flick, but it's far too much of a waste of time to waste time watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The World of the Future" is a very strange piece of crap. It's not a bad film, but there is just nothing here to make it worth seeing. It has some decent actors, but they don't seem to be able to make up for the fact that the story is not coherent. It feels like it's trying to be something it's not. It also seems to have a very poor script. It was a very slow movie with a very poorly paced plot.  The only thing I liked was the opening credits. But those credits were so bad that they could have been a part of a poorly edited documentary.  It's a shame because "The world of the future" was such a promising premise. The concept is intriguing, and the concept could have gone so far. Instead, it's just a collection of badly acted, poorly written, and poorly edited scenes that really don't deserve the credit they're getting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know there are plenty of good horror movies out there, but this is the worst one I've ever seen. I've seen worse, but I've never seen a movie with such a poor script, and I'm not even sure how the director was able to pull off such a stupid plot line. It was so predictable that it could have been a joke.  It seemed like the director didn't know how to act, and didn't seem to have the discipline to make the movie work. In some scenes there seemed to be no idea what was going on. One of the worst scenes was when they were looking for a dead woman's house. They found it, and the house exploded. If you have any sense of humor, you will hate this movie.  I would rate it an 8, but if you want to be able to enjoy the movie without having it make you laugh so much that you will get a cold sore after the third or fourth viewing, this movie would get a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a film critic, and the worst films I have ever seen are movies where people have been filmed without even the slightest chance of a good story. The director has clearly decided to do this to make a point, which is that people don't understand how a man can get married without a ring, which would be such a funny idea if the characters didn't live in the real world and had all of the same problems with the law. The acting is terrible, and even the characters in the film don't seem to know what's going on. They just walk around and talk and make sure that no one notices them.  The only redeeming factor in this movie is the soundtrack, which consists of an awful "Jamaican Love" that is used as a filler between the dialogue. I've never heard a bad musical ever before, and this is just as bad.  I have never been able to see a film with so much bad acting, so I would just not recommend this movie to anyone. The only thing that saved it was the ending, but that ending has nothing redeeming to it, except that it makes the rest of the movie seem like the characters are trying to get a ring for themselves, which isn't so bad. So just don't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to seeing the new Rocky Horror Picture in theaters and was very excited to see it. It turned out to be an incredibly disappointing film.  A few things are wrong. For one thing, I was expecting an "original" Rocky Horror, a movie that had the old Rocky Horror/Dance With the Stars formula. This movie is more like a parody. But what does that make it? A parody? This movie never got a chance to be original, it never got to be new.  I saw this movie because it was going to be a part of a contest, and was not surprised when it ended up being terrible. I was not expecting it to be this bad.  The acting was awful. It was all over the place, and even when there was nothing to be done, it was all done so fast and so cheaply. The acting wasn't the only thing that was bad, the movie was really slow, and had a horrible time being in a dark room.  It was just a bad Rocky Horror. I don't know why they didn't make a decent Rocky Horror film with some originality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole movie is really not worth watching. The story is very vague and the ending is not predictable. The movie is not worth your time.  The acting is so awful, I can't even understand what the characters are saying because they are so stiff. This movie is a waste of time. This is one of the worst movies ever made.  I hope the director is punished by the American Film Market. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is probably the worst movie I have ever seen. I cannot believe this movie has been made. It has been so bad that I had to stop watching it. I thought the director was an 8 year old. It was so bad I could not watch it without wanting to vomit. The acting was horrible, the script was so awful, and the story was so ridiculous and unimportant that it made me sick. I have seen worse movies, but this was the worst. I was hoping the story would be better than this, but I was wrong. The movie was so terrible that I could have punched the screen and I was really annoyed when they showed it to me. This is the worst film I have EVER seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say, I really wish I was watching this movie with a little bit more context, and I do not mean that in the way that you'd think I was complaining about the movie's lack of plot, but rather that the movie is so utterly devoid of substance and plot that it becomes difficult to care about any of the characters' development, let alone find out what happens to the main characters over the course of the movie. It's a shame because the acting is OK, and the writing is pretty good, but the movie just doesn't add up to much.  There are a lot of things that make me cringe, but none that compare to the ineptitude of this movie. The dialogue, in particular, is just so bad. The characters seem so lifeless, it's not even funny when they're talking to each other. Even when they are having a fight or arguing with each other, they do not seem to be having a good time at all. The film never makes any sense. There's not a single element that makes any real sense. The story is just too incoherent, and there's no actual suspense or intrigue. I just can't believe anyone is actually in any kind of danger during the entire movie, and, if the film had a little more effort put into it, the movie could have been better.  Overall, a bad film. I think the only redeeming quality is that it is based on a really good movie, but that is really just a bonus for the movie, because the movie itself is so completely devoid of any sort of context, the characters do not have a believable life at all, the plot is so incoherent and uninteresting, and you really can't take anything from the movie that has any basis in reality whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just awful, awful and awful. It is not worth the effort of watching. There are some decent scenes, but I wouldn't waste an hour of my life watching this. You'll be bored if you do.  There are no twists, no character development, and nothing of interest. The acting is bad, and the direction is horrible. There is nothing redeeming about this film. The only redeeming quality of this film is that it has the word "Titan" in it. I am sure this movie was made just to have a movie title, but the word should never be in a movie that you would spend money to see.  I give this movie a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Dark Knight Returns" is a very poor attempt at adaptation of the original graphic novel by Frank Miller. It is basically an anthology of the Batman's greatest villains and villains from the comic book, along with some pretty awful special effects. The result is a mediocre attempt at an action movie, but it does offer the only redeeming feature of the comic. I can understand the idea of adapting the comic as a kind of pulp, but this movie is so bad that I cannot believe that anyone would make it. The director was obviously given too much time and money to do it poorly.  I did enjoy the other films made by Warner Bros. during the 1990's, "The Killer Rabbit", "The Rocketeer", "Shame", "Road to Perdition", "Tremors", "Crimson Peak", and "Bane".  I also enjoyed the movies made by Legendary Pictures, which was run by Frank Doane, who was a very good director (like Frank Miller), but this was one of the worst movies ever made by a Hollywood studio.  This is one of those movies that Hollywood is so eager to make, because it makes the big bucks from the film, but at the same time, it is a complete waste of time and effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really hate the premise, that the main characters are in a coma, and they all get trapped in the house and they have to figure out a way to get out, because they don't know how to get back home, and it's the end of the world. And if they don't figure it out, the world will end, because of a monster that's on the loose. I think that if the main character were a person, they would realize that all of the characters are just pretending to be in a zombie movie to be able to make a movie. And in this case, it's even worse because all the zombies are actually just mindless, but still not dead and they're running around in the room. They should be in the hospital, they're more alive than the other zombies.  This movie is really just a bunch of people getting their kicks at the expense of the main players.  If you want a movie that's funny and makes you laugh but don't care to do the research to understand the characters or their history, just go for it. Otherwise, don't waste your time watching this, because it's really bad and you don't want to be watching it when there are better options available. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was awful. I was absolutely convinced from the start that I was going to be in the middle of the world's worst movie. I got the feeling that the director was trying to outdo his previous film, "Godsend", by making this one even worse. The cast seemed to have no interest in the film and the script was terrible. This movie was so devoid of character, action and even any kind of plot that I found myself wondering what the hell was going on. I can understand that an actor would lose their passion for a film, but they should at least make the effort to find out what the audience is thinking when they are watching.  It wasn't even worth watching, but that's hardly the fault of the director. The production was so bad and the acting so terrible that I can't recommend this movie. Even if you don't mind the horrible acting and you want to see an utterly miserable movie, you should still steer clear of this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few days ago I was on a subway in a crowded station in downtown San Francisco when I saw the poster for "The Naked Gun." I'm sure that the film had a positive reputation in the years before I saw it. But, I can't remember when I first saw the film, but I certainly remember the title, "The Dirty Picture," and the film's overall tone. The first 20 minutes of the film seemed like the first 15 minutes of a low budget, slasher film that was trying to be funny, not violent. It was so silly and rushed that I was literally laughing at the beginning. Then the director decided that the movie needed to be scary. He made the movie more gory and graphic, but made no attempt to make the movie scary. It seemed as though the director was looking for a way to sell more tickets to his movie by adding more violence.  It's an odd experience seeing this film now. The acting was mediocre and the story was weak, but not in a way that made it a bad film. It just wasn't a movie. There were some great bits of comedy, but even there the movie was poorly written and shot.  The movie was also too long and didn't make a lot of sense. It's very hard to explain why anyone would spend so much money on a film that didn't have a single great joke.  All in all, a bad horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie about a bunch of teens in a haunted house and it's pretty good. Unfortunately, the movie just doesn't make sense. I know there are horror movies about horror movies and this isn't one of them. The premise and plot is interesting but the execution is weak and the acting is horrible. This movie isn't scary at all, but it is kind of sadistic, at least for a horror movie. This is one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen, and I've seen some pretty terrible ones.  If you want a decent horror movie, don't waste your money on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this film when it came out. I had just finished watching the trailer for the movie, so I had to see this before I had the chance to read the script. I was disappointed, but I also saw the trailer and knew I had probably seen the movie before. I thought it was funny. Then I watched the movie again because I was interested in seeing if it would be better than the trailer, which it wasn't. It wasn't that great. It seemed to be a total waste of time. The film seemed to have been filmed in a dark room, with poor sound quality. There was no sound to suggest the movie was actually filmed in the movie theater, which seemed strange because this was supposedly the first time the movie had been released. I found myself wanting to take the movie to the theater and watch it in person, but it was impossible to do that, because the film was so bad. It was so low budget that they had to put a cardboard cutout of the movie in the front seats to give the movie some sort of credibility. I'm a fan of the horror genre, and I don't think they need to go out and spend money making films like this, but for some reason they're just going to make them and just throw them out there. I think it's a bad idea, because if you're going to spend that much money on a film, you'd better at least have a good story. This is a waste of money and time, and if you really want to see a movie in a theater, I suggest you skip this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with the thought that it would have been worth it if it weren't for the fact that the plot was just plain stupid. If there were any sort of point to this movie, it was that the lead character was a "badass", and that the movie should be filled with a lot of gore and violence. But in fact, this movie only has the reputation of being a bunch of stupid and lame to make me think that I'd rather watch the movies that have a decent plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what happened to the movie industry in the early '80's but this was one of the worst movies ever made. If it were to be rated PG it would be a 10. It's so bad and the actors are so terrible that it's hard to believe anyone in their right mind made this film.  The acting is so terrible. The acting in general was horrible. The film doesn't even have a plot. It really looks like an episode of The Walking Dead. It looks like a video game with a plot where zombies attack the city. The movie even has a plot about a man who is in the midst of a zombie outbreak in a city that has gone zombie. The zombies attack people and people attack other people. It just looks so awful and you have to wonder if anyone in the cast was in the right mind. This movie just didn't make sense to me. It was so stupid and horrible. It is a waste of time. I would have given it 1/10 but the ratings board wouldn't have let me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a bit off to be honest. It had nothing to offer, in the sense of a story, story line, character development, plot, or even acting. It's like they threw all the ideas from every film that was made in the '80s and then thought, "This movie's going to be the greatest!" And boy, did they give it away. There was almost nothing that was original, or any way that the characters were likable or anything that made you want to watch the next one.  And it's even worse when you consider that it was directed by a guy who has a reputation for being a bad director. The fact that this movie is so bad is not even a surprise, because this is a genre that's so devoid of any kind of talent that people just throw their movies out the door without even bothering to look at them for the first time.  It was an extremely bland, uninteresting, and predictable story, which made it all the more infuriating when the movie turns into a train wreck of a trainwreck. I'm sorry to say, but the only time I've ever seen a train derail before.  The movie never had a decent ending, the script was so badly written, and the actors were so terrible, that I was able to laugh at it. I think they're really trying to shock people here. It really is the most boring movie I've seen in years. It is, however, worth noting that they did release the original version of this movie on DVD. The DVD was released by a DVD distributor, not a video store, so I believe it has a decent bit of decent footage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a disaster. What is there to do with this person? What's the point of his life? The acting is terrible and the plot is weak. The movie looks like it was filmed in a small studio in a suburb of Houston.  Don't waste your time. The film is a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie about a guy and his "friend" (who is really just a hanger on, but not really a hater, and also not really an actor who doesn't know how to act) who is going to marry his girlfriend, and whose parents are getting upset at the prospect of having to raise a kid with a person who won't really understand why they are marrying him, who eventually comes to the conclusion that he has to get rid of his girlfriend because she's "too annoying". There's some sort of romantic interest between the couple, but they really don't get along at all, and the movie does not seem to have much of an end.   There are some nice bits, like the scene where the couple is in the elevator, and they're trying to figure out how to get to the roof, but it really isn't the kind of movie where the movie wants you to care about the couple and care about them. It's not even funny.  There's nothing else really to say about it other than that it's just plain, uninteresting, and it's almost certainly the worst movie I've ever seen. The script is just plain bad. It doesn't even have the slightest originality, or any sense of humor. There's no real relationship between the characters; the movie is about a relationship between a guy who has to figure everything out, and a girl who he has the power to force to have sex with him.  I'm not sure why anyone would ever want to see this movie. If you're not a fan of romantic comedies, or you just don't care at all for a romantic comedy, then you probably won't like it. But it's also a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has a plot that's too obvious to bother even giving it a try. It's like an episode of "Saturday Night Live" minus the laughs.  The story is supposed to be a horror film but it's not. It lacks the tension that's necessary to really scare people. It could've been so much better if the movie were about the characters rather than the script. The movie is so badly directed that it seems to have a crew that doesn't know how to do anything else. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone who has never seen a horror movie before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is awful. I had to watch the entire film three times to count all the stupid lines. I mean really, just how many times are we supposed to recite this line: "The time is the place for everything". Oh wait. That's not right, that's not the line in the movie. It's a line in a TV commercial. The movie was an utter waste of time. I found myself wanting to turn the TV off. And the only reason I was able to keep watching the movie was because I had a spare ten minutes to kill time. It was an embarrassment. I was just sick of watching stupid commercials.  This film is just plain awful.  And there are so many other better movies out there. It wasn't even the worst movie I've ever seen, but it sure was the most depressing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. There is absolutely nothing that keeps you watching.  There is a man who has been stuck in a strange world and decides to take revenge on everyone who has wronged him, including the very person who tried to help him. I mean what the hell is this guy thinking? There are many things I dislike about this movie but the worst of all is the characters. There are two guys who know they are going to die (I think) and there are two people that are completely oblivious to their impending doom. How did this guy come up with the idea of a "death trap"? I'm just saying, this movie is just a waste of time. The only good thing about this is the opening credits and the music. But that is about it. If you are looking for a good horror movie, do not waste your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is one of the worst movies ever made. It is so bad that it makes even the worst horror movie seem like a masterpiece. The characters are so poorly developed that I am shocked to see a movie about vampires and witches. The only reason why I gave this movie 3 out of 10 is because the story was OK, but the plot was so bad, that the movie should have been rated a 2 out of 100. The acting was awful, the soundtrack was horrible, and the special effects were not very good.  This is one movie that you don't really want to waste your time watching, because you will probably be disgusted and disgusted by what you are watching. The worst part of the movie is that it has a special effects budget of over 40 million dollars, and you are forced to pay for it with your hard earned cash. This is the reason why a movie that was supposed to be a "drama" becomes so stupid, so slow, and so unwatchable.  I hope that this movie does not get released in any other form. I hope you will never see it again, because it will only ruin your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has one of the most horrible and ridiculous plot twists of any film I have ever seen. I could give a complete description of this film except for the fact that it was so unbelievably stupid and nonsensical that I'm not sure how to explain it any further. The film's storyline revolves around a group of men who go to the woods at night, hoping to meet a woman who's been murdered and left in the woods. Unfortunately for them, the woman is a psycho killer who's in the nearby woods at the same time they're in the forest. The men are trying to find her to finish her off, but they soon realize that she's not the only psycho killer out there. The problem is that they're not sure if she's killed anyone in the past couple of years, or if she hasn't killed anyone at all. They've hired a man to go into the woods to search for her and they think that he's actually the killer. The other guys don't like the idea, and a little bit of a disagreement erupts between them, but before the man can get to the woman, the guy's dead. I can't understand how the film could have been so awful. The acting was okay, although the guy who played the psycho killer was pretty ridiculous and didn't seem to be able to act as if he were a killer. I also hate how the director of this movie chose to have the guy talk to the guy from the previous film, but the dialogue didn't really make sense at all either.  There are two more scenes that I really hate in the film, and the director has failed to explain them either. The first one is where the guy with the crossbow is talking to the other guy, and then the man's crossbow goes off and kills the guy, but he then tells the other guys that they can go to her and finish her.  I would give the movie 1 out of 10, but there are too many other horrible things to mention. It was just plain awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total waste of time. The plot is extremely predictable. I think that it is the fact that this movie was directed by a guy who has never directed anything before that ruined it for me. I really wish that they would have just made this movie like an adult. It should have been made for teenagers or something with a bit more maturity. I don't think that anyone would have actually laughed at the jokes that were made in this film. It is so incredibly predictable that I thought that it was made for children. The fact that the movie was made to look like an eighties porn makes it seem like it is aimed at children.  It is really unfortunate that they even made this for children and not adults. I was expecting more from a teen rated film.  I really wanted to like this movie, but I am extremely disappointed that I couldn't because I was so disgusted by it. The only reason why I liked it was because of the "Hollywood" name on the poster. The reason why there were so many porno movies in the eighties is because that's what people expected from them. I want to think that this is an exception, but it really is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that I would not recommend to anyone but that does make it all the more painful for me to review it. The story itself was not terrible but there were too many problems to warrant this rating. The acting was just okay, the direction was pretty bad and the acting was at a very low level. This was the only thing that I can say that was good about the movie, but it was still not good. The cinematography was bad, the special effects were awful, and there was no plot. I mean really, how can a movie like this be even worse than "The Last Dance"? I have not seen a movie this bad since the "Last Dance" in 1977. It was awful and I am shocked that this is the only movie that has managed to get an R rating. I really want to give this movie the lowest rating possible, but unfortunately I just cannot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so boring and predictable that I was tempted to give it a 2. The director and the actors are very bad, and there are so many inconsistencies in the plot that it feels like a waste of time. For example, the main character dies and is replaced by another character. And then, another character dies (and is replaced), and then the film goes on to be about a murder and then finally about another murder and so on. The ending is so predictable and so unbelievable that I actually cried.  I give the film a 2 out of 10. It's so far below the standards that I would expect from a low-budget film. I think it was a very bad idea to make this film in the first place. The producers and the director deserve a better reputation. This film had zero budget. The actors and crew were lucky to be hired. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "It's about a man who is in love with a girl, but is forced to leave her because he can't stand the idea of her having a boyfriend, and she ends up getting a boyfriend of her own." That's what I was led to believe, at least. But I had to know, and I did.  The movie was made on an extremely low budget, and it has one or two pretty bad jokes.  If you want to know why the movie is so bad, it's because of the script. This one was so bad that it really reminded me of the original version of "The Wedding Singer" (which is, I think, one of the worst movies ever made). It's basically a bunch of actors who aren't quite up to snuff, who are trying to fit into their own roles, and who really don't seem to care.  Even though it's supposed to be a romcom, there's no romance here. It's not a "romance" film. It just makes you sad to watch it.  I gave the film a 3/10. If you have to see it, don't bother. It makes no sense. If someone else does, then feel free to tell me how bad it was. I don't know what's worse--the script, the actors, or the audience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really liked the movie as it was meant to be, but the direction, script and production were so poor, it was not even funny anymore.  The whole movie was boring and predictable. No one seemed to care about the characters, and they were all so stupid, I was wondering if they were really made to be in this movie.  I thought the acting was OK, but it did not match the script or direction. This movie was a disappointment for me, and I cannot recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A big disappointment. I found the movie a bit dull but I didn't care much. I liked the characters and the story line. However, I could not care less about the movie. I can only imagine how much fun the makers had making it. It was just bad. The sound is not great, especially the background music. It is very, very difficult to understand what is happening on screen and the acting is not that good. The only redeeming factor is that it is really difficult to find it on DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an interesting concept. A guy has to live in the closet with his boyfriend in order to keep his girlfriend from finding out about the guy's sexual preference, but the girlfriend can't figure out how to deal with it. The story follows a guy and his girlfriend, and the girlfriend is a total mess. There is no point to the movie. The movie is a disaster. The dialog is awful. The acting is bad. The music is lame.  It's just a bad B movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, though it's not the worst, definitely the worst film I've seen this year. I can't believe that anyone in the world would be interested in seeing this, or that people would actually care. It's the most cringe-inducing piece of crap I've ever seen. I just can't understand how people even watch this crap.  The acting is bad, the directing is atrocious, and the story has no plot whatsoever. It is like the movie has been taken over by a bunch of teens who want to be on the show and aren't.  I can only assume that whoever made this film had no idea what a horror movie was, or how to make a horror film.  In an effort to highlight the stupidity of this movie, I'll include the following video of a very poor film. It shows the entire movie from beginning to end, but it's so poor that it doesn't even show the beginning of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast, crew and the director were so completely unappreciated, they must have had the most insane schedules. The film was made to make money for some unknown actor.  It's just a complete waste of time.  The acting is terrible. The director must have been a total idiot. The story is completely predictable. It makes no sense whatsoever. I've seen better in the movies. There is nothing about this film that I will ever recommend to anyone.  And if I can make it through the whole movie without yelling at the screen, it's because I can see the movie as a bunch of people going through a bunch to make a movie that I'm sure most of the actors on the crew are just sitting in the studio writing the script and taking notes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The acting was terrible, and the story was so stupid that I was afraid I would laugh at it. This movie doesn't have much to do with any of the characters in the book, except for a few plot twists and the fact that the book was a novel.  The acting and story is very shallow and stupid, but I was still able to enjoy it because of the stupid plot twists. The movie doesn was awful, and I could only laugh because the actors weren't very good.  I have no idea why this movie was made. I can't think of a single reason why this book should have been made into a movie. The only reason I think the movie was necessary was because it was to be made into an anthology movie.  This is one film I wish I could take back. The ending was too much to stomach, and it really ruined the movie for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is awful! The acting is terrible, the plot is so stupid that it makes a good joke about how stupid the story is. The story of this film is based on a real person, who is dead and I wish I could give her credit for her work.  This movie has a very low budget. This is a low budget horror movie, that's why it is so terrible. If you want to see a good horror film that is low budget and contains some decent actors, this movie is NOT the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have always wanted to see a movie about a movie: the first time I saw this film, I laughed at the fact that they had to waste their time on this.  Well, the fact remains that I watched it, so I will go ahead and give it a score of 2. The movie is basically a "How to Win at Golf" type of film. The director obviously had no idea how to film golf. The cast members are the typical "acting in a movie" type cast members. They all know that they are not playing the role, so they are just being in a comedy about a silly movie.  If you are interested in a film about a stupid movie: don't watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this film is that the "real" Nazis were so bad and so evil that they actually had the power to wipe out all of Europe.  But that would be a very bad movie indeed, because there was absolutely NO WAY they could have actually done it. The only way the Nazis could have done it was if someone had faked their death. That's right, a person died, and then someone else pretended that he died.  A person would never make that mistake, unless they really believed they had died. And since they didn't believe that they had actually died, they wouldn't make that sort of mistake unless they were REALLY mad. And if they were really mad, they would have thought that they could get away with a fake death. So, if they wanted to wipe all of the Germans off the face of the earth, they could do it by faking their own deaths and then, some other way, killing off the surviving Germans. And that way would be murder, of course. But they would kill everyone, and do it just the way they wanted, right?  That would explain why the Nazis killed themselves in the concentration camps, too, because they were just really, really mad.  And that would explain the Nazis' killing off all the Jews right away in the gas chambers. Because if they'd really wanted to kill everyone (except themselves), they would just have killed them all, right away, right then and there.  The whole movie is just an utter and complete waste of time. And the acting is terrible. Some of it was so bad that you had to have it on mute so you wouldn't be able to tell what the hell they were saying. There are several times where the characters say the line "the war has just begun" or "the fight for survival has just started", and it makes no sense whatsoever, unless you have a really, REALLY, really, insane brain.  It was absolutely disgusting. And I don't even mean it in a bad way, because I actually thought it was a funny movie. But the fact that it was this awful and completely unbelievable piece of propaganda makes me question whether they really wanted anyone to see it, or if they just really wanted it to be a waste of money.  This movie just doesn't make any sense at all, and the whole time I just sat there, just hoping that someone would say something that made sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so poorly acted and so poorly directed. The plot is so uninteresting.  The plot line was so weak, the plot is just one way. The "story" is very predictable and not worth the effort of watching.  I am not sure how much time went on for this film, but it seemed like less than half of the time was spent on the story.  All the actors looked the same.  This film is so terrible that it makes you wonder if this is really what they are really after. This is not a movie you watch for a fun film.  You will probably just find yourself watching a bunch of commercials. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My opinion was that this movie was a waste of time. The plot is absolutely pointless. I've never seen a movie that could be called a good "films" that could not be classified as "mediocre". It has the makings of a decent horror film, but one thing I can say is that the story was far from believable. It was just ridiculous and not believable enough to make it worth watching. I found it so boring that I turned the video off and went straight to Netflix.  If you are going to watch this, you should at least wait till the end of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. I mean it literally! I mean I was sitting on the couch when it was on and I just sat there in disbelief. I was actually sick to my stomach, I really was sick. This movie was so bad and so predictable, I couldn't even laugh, I just kept crying. This is why I can't believe this thing was made. And I don't think the director, whoever this is, was even a big fan of the series. It's one of the worst movies I've ever seen and I can only think it was made by someone who is extremely inexperienced.  I guess I'm going to have to say that I'm just not a big Doctor Who fan but this movie was just so utterly boring and awful that I just couldn't take it seriously. This isn't a horror movie or a horror flick, this is just a complete waste of your time. I can guarantee that if you see this, you will be disgusted by it. Don't even try to like it, just don't. This doesn't deserve your time and your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film for the first time, and I found it to be very disappointing. The movie was completely unimpressive. The acting was extremely amateurish. The visuals were terrible. And the only thing that kept me watching the whole movie was the fact that the director said that this movie was about a young boy who had been in foster care. If you were hoping to see a positive review about this movie, go ahead and read my negative review. The problem with this movie is that it's a completely over the top comedy. If the plot wasn't over the edge, the movie would've been a 9/10. But it's just so awful that it didn't make it to 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was terrible. It has one very predictable plot (that has nothing to do with the actual movie), and is basically just a glorified, poorly executed joke. This is a movie that was clearly intended for a special, very small group of people, but they made the movie into something it was not intended for.  I am just a guy who has not seen a movie since 2001, and I thought this one had some potential. Unfortunately, it just didn't have it. It was a very basic, pointless movie. It would have been better if it had been a comedy, but it was just not funny enough. The acting was terrible, and the only funny bit was the final line when someone mentioned the title of the movie.  This movie was a complete waste of time. It's probably better if you don't care about the actors or have seen it before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible movie about a mediocre movie. I watched it at the Cinemas in Toronto. The director was unknown and the acting was terrible. The story was not even remotely believable. It's a shame to see the movies so widely distributed in the USA. If you want to watch an uncut, unedited, low budget movie, then this is probably the worst movie I have ever seen. The special effects were a little better than average. If it were a really great movie, I would have given it a 10/10. Unfortunately, it is not even close. It was not interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is basically a pile of filler for the first two acts, with a little bit of humor thrown in to keep things moving, and some very mediocre direction and direction-of-the-camera work. The script was very predictable, and the acting was extremely poor. I felt like this was the worst "B" movie I've ever seen, except for a few early-90's horror films I've seen that are way better. The special effects were so bad I could hardly believe that they were actually making the movie. And they didn't even bother to show the actors on the set. The plot, which was only a tiny bit better than the first film, only dragged the movie to the point of not even being able to make a dent in the ratings.  So if you're looking for a good movie, don't go to "B". This movie's an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out okay. But then everything falls apart and the film just goes nowhere. It seems to have no plot and the characters don't even have names, they're just called "The Kids" or "The Family".  What was there to like about the first film? The first film was a very unique, fun, funny, and entertaining film that I felt was better than most movies of its genre. The first movie was not a comedy, although it did have some moments of comedy. It was an action film, but it was just a bunch of people fighting on the screen. This is not the way movies are supposed to be made anymore. The reason this movie has such a bad reputation is because it's really not funny at all, it's very dull, and it's basically just a pile of people sitting around and doing nothing except laughing. It is not even funny to watch a bunch that are just sitting around, making fun of each other. The problem is, they all have the same boring, generic faces.  The actors are horrible, too, I mean they all seem to be stuck on a stage with the same script that they are playing.  I'm sure if you have any talent at all you could at least come up with something original. The actors in this movie are a bunch just sitting there, acting as if they were in some kind of TV series. I just want to know what they're doing.  It is just a really, really boring movie.  There's also a really stupid "plot" about a giant monster that eats people and has a really annoying voice.  All in all, the film is just boring and pointless. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just one big pile of trash. It made no sense, it was extremely slow, and there were too many people in the movie (some of them were drunk) to be believable. The script was a total mess and the acting was atrocious.  I thought it was just a cheap way to make a movie. But I was so disappointed that I actually laughed. I could not believe the people watching it. This was an awful film with nothing to recommend it.  The only thing I liked was the music. I like a few songs here and there but they were just too generic.  If you like low budget horror movies then you might like this. If you don't like low-budget horror movies and you're looking for something a bit more interesting than a cheap thrill then don't watch this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really don't understand how someone can see "The Phantom Menace" as a "Star Wars" sequel when it's not. Sure it is a sequel but it's a completely different story than "Phantom Menace". "Phantoms" is a totally original story and unlike the "Phony" is not about the same type of characters and not about a Jedi. The story is completely different, it's so boring, and the acting is so awful that it's almost unbelievable that someone could watch this.  The special effects are OK but nothing that would make a good movie. I'm really disappointed in these movies, I've always wanted to see a "Phanto" sequel but I'm so sick of the "Jedi vs Sith" that it hurts. This "Phanx" has nothing to do with the "Darth Vader" movies and even though they have great action sequences, it still doesn't make up for the fact that the acting in this movie is so horrible.  I give this movie 1 out of 10 and hope it gets better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. There is no plot, no story line, nothing to get interested in. The only thing that keeps this movie interesting is the constant back-and-forth between the characters. I don't know what the story line was, I just don't care. The movie could have been made a thousand times better, but it doesn't deserve a tenth of the $20 that this one cost.  The movie is an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has nothing to offer. It's a dull, slow, low-budget, one-hour soap opera with a few characters who get together every week. This is the worst soap opera I've ever seen, period. If you want to see the worst movie ever made, watch this movie.  Don't waste your time. Don't watch it if you want something worthwhile. Watch it if, like me, you like the soap opera genre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like the idea of the film but it just never gets there. I'm a little surprised to see the positive reviews since I haven't seen the movie at the local video rental store.  I can understand the movie being made as an experiment but it's just so boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is just not funny. It is a mess, with a lot of stupid ideas that are just plain stupid. I guess it was the only way to get the cast involved in the project. The actors were all very good in the original, but they really lost the plot and didn't seem to care at all about the story they were writing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really like the show, I just found it a little disappointing.  The writers seem to be so poor at their writing, and the acting is pretty pathetic. I'm surprised that they have the time to go on the phone and talk about the show. I would have thought they would have spent it on a movie. I'd be more disappointed if they had put the plot in a movie, or put some thought into it.  They also seemed to be trying to use the characters as a gimmick. They are supposed to be a "cult", but the show is just a bunch of them being stupid. There's no mystery, there's no real conflict, and they spend too much time talking about each other.  It's just a shame that they couldn't get the whole thing into a movie with some decent actors. If they do that I'll watch the show again, but the story and acting are too weak.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If the movie was made on the basis of a good script and a good idea then this could have been a very interesting and entertaining film. However, that's not what we got. The acting is so bad that it is impossible to get into the movie. The script is very contrived and has no real plot. If you don't care for movies, then don't watch this. If, however, you are a masochist who wants to see this film, go ahead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this and thought I was going to be sick of it. But I don't know why. I thought I had seen the worst movies ever made. I did, however, enjoy the previous films, which were pretty good. This was a total waste of time. It was about as entertaining as a bad night in a bad hotel room. There were not even any decent characters to make it worth seeing. I didn't even care to see if the film was any good, since I was bored from the beginning. I would have rather just read a good book, but this was a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to give this film an honest recommendation. It was not that good of a movie. I think the director thought that a movie with a killer robot, killer woman, and killer dog would be a good idea.  It didn't. The movie was so poorly made that I'm almost sure it would have gotten a "D" on a bad review. There was no suspense or any action whatsoever. The acting was laughable, and the plot was a complete waste of time. The only reason I give it a 3 out of 10 is because it was the only film in the trilogy that I actually found enjoyable. The rest of the movies were just horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A typical '80s and '90s horror film, this was a real disappointment. There was no acting, not much plot, and not much more than I can say about it. The only thing that got me through was the ending. I was surprised that the film actually won the Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film contains almost nothing worth mentioning. It is a typical over-abundance of sex and violence. The whole thing is so repetitive and ridiculous that it becomes laughable. A few scenes of interest occur (such as a scene in the bedroom with the young lady with the tattoo, and the scene where the woman is seen taking a bath with a dog), but there is no real plot to speak of. The only real highlight is the ending, which, while not particularly believable, is still not quite as bad as I expected. This is a one-hour "takes a shot at something" film. It's a disgrace.  The plot is a joke. There is nothing to be learned from this film. You can skip it, but I would not recommend watching it unless you are really interested in watching something truly awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Falling Down" is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The acting is so bad that I don't think it could have been directed by a competent filmmaker. The writing is bad, the characters don't even make sense and the acting is really poor.  The only saving grace in "F falling down" is that the actors (Dane Reynolds and Rachel Roberts) actually got a laugh or two out of their performances.  I can't recommend this movie because I found it completely unfunny and boring. It should have stayed as a DVD and been burned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people have commented that the "Dawson's Creek" is not an excellent movie. I think it is better than that, but it's a long way from good to bad. There are some good moments, but the movie really isn't anything special. I'm a huge fan of the original TV show, so it's hard to understand why the show was such a failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was bad and the plot was so boring that it made the movie look like a script written by someone who had never read any other movie. There were too many pointless subplots and too much pointless dialog.  A movie is supposed to be a mixture of different things. It should have a few interesting ideas, and it should have some kind of suspense. This movie has none of that. The acting is so bad that it makes the plot look like it was written by somebody who has never acted before. The movie is so dull that it even makes the movie-plot look good. If you are looking for a movie that will make you go back and watch the original Star Wars movie again and again, I suggest you go for the original instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film had me at a loss for words. The story was predictable and lacked a plot to be entertaining.  The acting was so unbelievable that I wondered if this was a documentary. There was no reason for me to care what happened in the film because it just didn't make sense. In addition to the actors' shortcomings, there was no story at all to hold me over. I couldn't even care about what happened to anyone in the movie because it didn't matter. I had no clue what happened, why it happened, or how it happened. It was just so unbelievable, I wanted to scream.  I felt like I was being asked to watch a video game for 15 minutes because the film was so stupid and boring.  There are better movies out there. You don't have to waste your time watching this film.   The film is just plain boring. It should be a 10 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen many movies in the last 10 years and this was by far the worst one. I did like the idea of the idea, but the execution was so much below par. The acting was terrible, and there was absolutely no way that this could be made into a movie. The story was nonsensical and it was obvious that it was the writer's opinion on how to make a horror movie. This is one of those movies that would have made great if it had been made a few years earlier. But it was made in 1997 and so that makes this even worse. It is the worst movie I've ever seen in my life.  I gave it 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been rated with a 3 rating by the IMDb. This is a very sad film and makes the entire cast look pathetic. It is completely out of control and I would not recommend this film to anyone who wants to see some decent movies. This movie is absolutely terrible and I really cannot believe that anyone would want to see it. There are no jokes or even any type of plot to speak of. The actors are extremely uninteresting and the story is extremely boring.  I saw this movie with my sister and her friend and we both thought that the story was just too predictable and the acting was poor. The only redeeming factor of this movie was the songs.  If you want to laugh at a movie and don't care if the movie is good or bad, this is a movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so slow paced and the acting was bad. It could have been better if the script wasn't so badly written. The movie was also really stupid. There were times I thought the movie was so good I was going to laugh. I kept hoping the movie would end and it did not.  The movie ended in a really dumb way and the ending was pretty much the opposite of what I would expect from a movie.  Don't waste your time. Watch something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem with this film is its reliance on the "feel good" story to drive its point. I can appreciate that, but this is an awful film to be playing as the "bad guy". It's like the "The Usual Suspects" meets "The Rocky Horror Picture Show". It has the same plot lines, the same cast, and the same actors, but it has absolutely no impact. I had the same problem with "Dirty Dancing" when I was younger, but I think this was a result of not knowing what they were actually doing. Here, I had no idea what they're actually doing until it was too late. The film is so dull, I'm not even sure they bothered to make it as fun as "Dinner for One".  There are some other problems, but they're not nearly as serious as the one that was discussed. For example, the film contains the same old clichs. I know what they mean, but the fact that they're repeating them in every line is an insult to the original. "It's not about a murder, it's about a murderer" is a tired old trope that isn't particularly relevant anymore, but in the film's case, it really is relevant. I'm surprised that they even bothered with it. "The victim was the killer" is pretty much the best line ever uttered in a horror film, but there is nothing that says anything about it. Even though they're quoting the old lines, they never actually say them.  Overall, I give the film a 2 out of 10. I wouldn't even recommend it, but just because I think it's bad doesn't mean I can say I'm glad it exists. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I noticed was the cheesy soundtrack (a typical '80s music video) that was playing in the beginning. There were also two characters that seemed to be playing a game in real time, and when I looked closer I discovered that they were actually the actors from the video game. The story was fairly predictable, and the animation was quite poor. The plot was so far from believable, that I couldn't believe that the actors were playing it as real life. The main plot was completely lacking any real connection to anything that was going on in the video. If you are a video game fan, don't watch this. I did not understand it at all. The animation was just plain awful.  I would recommend that you don't waste your time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is completely unwatchable. I mean it is not funny, not interesting, not dramatic, not compelling. I can't understand how a bunch of people spent 3 hours watching this movie, and not one of them laughed once. They had to be laughing at the beginning of the movie. And that's just the way I want my movies to be. I want them to be funny, I want to see them as a movie, not a movie with a bunch people sitting around and talking to each other.  The only redeeming factor of this movie is that it had a good, original trailer, but that trailer was not made for this movie. This is a very bad movie, nothing to recommend except that it might be a good movie to watch in small rooms on a college campus, because the movie is so terrible that you can hear the people talking to the other people talking about the movie as if it were the movie, or the movie was a play, and you'd have to be a professional to figure out which is which.  This is the worst film I have ever seen. The worst movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very sad. It's so low budget and unoriginal that I could understand why the director didn't want to take the risk of doing a sequel to this movie. I was expecting a film that could be done better than this. This is just another boring attempt to capitalize on the popularity of the "X-Files" series and that's all. I found myself wanting to skip the film when I was just trying to understand what was going on.  It should have been a 10, but it was a 4.  I give it a 2 out of 10 because it's not even worth seeing in theaters and that was my main concern when I saw this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see how people really get down on a bad film, look no further than the first 30 minutes of this film. There are a number of things wrong with this film, from the writing to the direction. I would like to point out that it's a very short film, and that the acting is pretty awful. The plot is completely flat, and there's no real direction. Even the script is pretty bad.  The acting is especially bad. The movie has very little dialogue, and the story is pretty unbelievable.  It's very hard to figure out what's happening, and who's playing who. There's a couple of moments where the movie goes too far, and it's hard to tell if the actor is having a bad day or if he's playing up to the crowd. The story is basically just one character saying the same line over and over again.  All in all, I can't recommend this film to anyone who wants to see an awful movie. It's just not a very good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen many movies in my lifetime, and this is the first time I've actually considered saying "WTF". I know, I know - this was just an idea I had when watching it. But I can't help but notice that it's not only the worst film ever made, it's also one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  It's a little hard to believe that this was made by people who could actually get it to make the slightest amount of sense. It's so bad, it looks like the director made the script and then the actors played it out - but then the script was completely wrong.  I mean, it has all the clichs that you can imagine - like the love interest being the "good" guy and the "bad" guy, or the family member who wants to be with the protagonist. The only thing that I found a bit weird was the movie's "realistic" soundtrack. The movie is so far from being a musical, that I'm actually surprised that it didn't have any score at all. It just has a few songs.  Oh, and I just realized that the movie has no title. I didn't know how to spell it, but I think it could be "Wasteland". I guess it's pretty clear what the movie is supposed to be, since the actors are all talking about what they see. The acting, however, is not even that bad. All the actors and actresses don't even seem to know what they're doing.  The acting is pretty OK, but the movie does not do a very good job of showing the plot - in fact, it doesn't even show anything. I would have liked to see more story-telling (although it was pretty obvious that they're all talking to each other), but the fact that the script doesn't really explain anything and just goes on and on about the story is disappointing. If you were expecting a "Waste Land", then you won't like this movie.  This movie is also quite boring. You don't really know what's going on - you can't tell. Even when it does try to tell you, it does a pretty poor job. This movie could have been so much better - with more plot, more direction, and better acting.  If you're interested in seeing a bad, terrible, boring movie, this is a good movie to waste your time. But, for everyone else, just don't waste your
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that there are a lot of problems with this movie, but I don't know if I can say that the director and screenwriter were completely inept. Maybe the original concept was OK, but the movie seemed a bit rushed, the acting was bad, the story seemed a little too shallow for this type of movie.  There are some interesting moments in this movie but they're just too long and boring. If you like cheesy cheesy movies like this you might like it, but you shouldn't watch it. If this was made by a good director I think the movie would have been much better.  I don' t know why this was a remake of the Twilight Zone, and why this remake was so terrible.  If you're looking for a fun and interesting movie, don't waste your time on this movie. But if you're going to see this movie then do it without a doubt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very, very, VERY bad. Not only are there so many mistakes in the movie, but the plot is so weak and uninteresting, it's actually kind of boring to watch. There's no suspense, nothing that's not explained, and the acting is atrocious. I'm not sure what this movie was supposed to be, but it certainly wasn't a romantic comedy. The best thing about the movie is probably that it's so over-the-top. I don't think this movie should have been made at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My guess is that this film was made for TV and it got released on DVD, and people saw it. But I think it would be much better if people could actually sit down with a good movie: a movie that is so utterly boring that it could have been made in ten minutes and still be so tedious that people would watch it.  This is a bad film. There are so many times when the actors seem to know what they are doing and the story is completely predictable. In some scenes, they even try to read from a script, but they don't understand the script, they don' t read the script (like the writer), they don`t understand the character, and they don `t understand anything else. I can`t believe the writers of this film don` t understand the concept of a movie. The plot is so shallow, so predictable, so boring that the actors cannot act. I don`'t understand how anyone could watch this movie and be able to act it out without feeling bored. The ending is so stupid, so stupid that I just want to rip the DVD off the shelf and throw it away. I`m so disgusted by this film that I don't even want to watch it again. I'm embarrassed for anyone who bought this film and watched it. Please don`ts buy this movie. I really don`d like to know how many people watched it before it was released on video. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not surprised at all that this film has been banned in Canada, I just read a very nice review on the other site. I am surprised that a film which was not even released in Canada can be banned. How can they not have known about the film? There was a film in Canada that was banned for over ten years and that film is this movie.  The film is a complete mess. It contains one or two good lines, but they are not worth mentioning. The music is just as bad. There is no music whatsoever. It just sounds like it was made with a VCR. The acting is terrible, and I am sure that they had never seen any film before they made this film. I found the movie to be so boring and stupid that I laughed my ass off during the whole movie. I had to watch the movie three times just to get through it. I was so disappointed in this film, that I am going to make a special plea for the director of this film to come out and admit that it was a complete waste of time and money. This movie was so stupid and pointless that I can only hope that it will be banned soon. The movie has no plot. The actors have nothing to say in this movie and they did not even bother to use the subtitles.  There is a very good scene in the movie, in which a cop has to investigate a murder case and he asks his friend if there was any doubt that the person he was questioning was the person that did the murder. The friend replies that there was none and the friend then says something completely out of place, and the movie ends. If this movie was released in America, I would be really angry at the filmmakers.  I hope that this movie will not be released in the US, because the movie is so stupid that the film makers have to ban it because it is so ridiculous. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, we get a bunch of people acting as if they're all in love with the same person, and we're supposed to believe they're actually in love. And if they are, why can't we see it? How do they get to that point in the middle of the movie? It just wasn't that good, really. The movie is so over-the-top and stupid, you could actually think it was a comedy! The only thing I really liked was the music (some of it was really good), and the fact that some of the actors weren't as dumb as they thought.  I'd really like to hear how the producers felt about this movie. If it's supposed to be a comedy, how did they make it such a bad comedy? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was nothing but a waste of time. The first two hours were okay but after that it got really slow. There were a few decent scenes but the rest were just filler. I guess it was a promotional movie because it wasn't all that good.  The actors were really bad but at least the story wasn't terrible. The plot didn't even make sense. It wasn't even believable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was one of the worst movies I have ever seen, ever. It was just a pile of boring plot, boring acting, and a boring movie in general. I just thought the story was just boring and that the movie was just way too long. I think the producers should have cut the whole thing down to a couple hours, but that is too much of an effort for a movie like this.  The acting was so-so, and I did not really care for any of the characters. The story was so slow, and you did not care about the characters even if they were talking. I did however care about some of the other characters, and the movie never really got going. I give it a 1 out of 10.  I don't know if I would recommend this movie to anyone. I was hoping for a fun time and I didn't get it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was just a bunch of kids from one school getting together to watch a movie. There is no real story line, no character development, and no way to make this film any better. The acting was awful and the cinematography was really bad. I really don't know how this made it into the final cut, but I'll assume it was because of some kind of editing mishap. There are better films out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful and very short, yet it gets the ratings. I mean, come on! It's just the beginning of the movie! But I guess people like to see it anyway. And the only reason I gave it a 2 is because the movie doesn't end, so people can continue watching. But what a waste of time. I know what it was like to watch a movie from this movie and it was horrible. It was like watching a really bad movie with a really poor acting. And this movie is so far from the best, the worst movie ever made, it's just awful. And it doesn't even deserve a 2 rating, because it is such a waste to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the film was too cheesy and poorly made. I mean, it's hard to tell which direction it was going in, so I couldn't say which was worse. The acting was terrible. They had some nice sequences, but it just seemed like they just couldn't pull it off, and there were several moments where it seemed like the actors were so far behind the camera that the action in the movie was completely meaningless. The editing was awful. The music was pretty okay, but that's about it. I'm sure it's a good film if you're going to watch it for the plot, but as a movie, it was just too boring and pointless.  It just seems like there's no point to it at all, and the whole film just seems so shallow and devoid of all interest.  I'd recommend not watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a very brief moment in the middle of the movie where the camera actually looked up and focused on the main camera, and then it went back to the background camera to do a little bit of editing, then it focused on a random little kid's head, and the rest of the shot was a really bad, boring, shot of some guy getting punched, and it was really hard to follow what was going on. I'm really sorry to say it, but it was so terrible that I actually started wondering if I was watching an old TV show, because it was all so terribly predictable. I didn't even get through half the movie before I gave up and went and watched something else.  It was so boring I had to stop watching the movie and re-watch it again. I really wish I had spent the money on the DVD and paid extra for the bonus feature.  This movie is so far from being a comedy, it's really an action movie with the same characters playing different parts, so it's a total disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that I did not know what to expect. I figured the title was "Raunchy Raunchy", and that was my expectation. After watching the first half of the movie, I was expecting some type of sexy, risque film, but nothing I've seen in the past, so I was pleasantly surprised. The only reason I'm giving it a negative rating is because of the music. I have always liked the music in movies, but this one really made me feel uncomfortable. The songs were really unoriginal, so much so that they were a bit too cheesy. Also, I felt that the camera was a bit shaky in most of the scenes, and the direction was not as good as I've heard before. It's a shame to see a movie called "Ridiculous Raunch". I'd give it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A documentary about the death of a serial killer, the film itself has some decent points. The director, Joe D'Lennon, does a great job portraying a character who is portrayed in the film as having been a very psychotic, violent man. However, this film fails to take into account that the man had serious mental health issues and did not care about anyone in his family or his life before he killed them.  The acting is also very poor. Some actors, like Michael Pitts, are able to convey their emotions well enough but some are so far off-screen that they seem to be watching themselves as the actors. Some scenes are simply pointless. The cinematography is also not good. The opening credits are incredibly dull and there are no moments that I could recognize as being actually filmed.  This film is a complete disappointment. The documentary has the potential to be a really good film if it was produced properly. However if the film were to be released and marketed, I would be less inclined to see it. The film should have been released with a warning that it is not a documentary. I can only recommend that people who like this type of film see a bad, badly-made, low-budget documentary about a serial murder. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A remake of a film from a very different time and I am very sorry I was not able to watch it when it first came out. There are quite a few bad movies out there, but this one is the most depressing. It makes you want to give up on movies and get to sleep and think about how you want it to end. This is probably the worst movie I have ever seen. The acting is atrocious and the plot is extremely predictable. The plot is so poorly executed that you will never see it coming, unless you are very lucky.  This is a film I don't recommend because it is so predictable, but I will warn you to avoid this movie at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, this movie is very, very slow. It has a slow build, and I have a feeling that it could have been cut down a bit to fit in with the story. The story is about a group of people, including a man who is mentally ill and is a "psychopath," as he calls himself, who are sent to a mental hospital to be held hostage by the doctor who is working there. The doctor is obsessed with his patients and wants to kill all of them. When he learns that there are some people who want to be released from the hospital, he decides to set them free and has them shoot the doctor.  The story seems to have been put together from three episodes of "Psycho" (and "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre") that the producers apparently did not want to get involved in. The plot is very convoluted, and the slow build is not the kind of thing you would expect from a horror movie. The only good thing about the film is the killer, who is a psychopath, but I'm afraid that we're getting a lot of blood and gore in this movie. If you want a good horror film that you can actually enjoy, I suggest that you stick to "The Amityville Horror" instead.  This movie is terrible. You will watch it, and you will regret it. The acting was horrible, and at the time I thought it was because of the slow builds that the actors were forced to do, but the slow, boring pace that this movie has will ruin it for you. The movie should have been called "The Psychopath Killer", but it's a name that the studio is too cheap to give to the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very poor film with a very long list of things wrong. It was an absolute waste of time for the viewers. I was just watching for the story and I couldn't care less about the actors or the movie.  If I were to rate the movie, I'd give it a 1/10. It is not funny, it is not well acted and it just makes you feel like you're watching a terrible movie. I can't recommend this film because it was a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie absolutely horrible. There is not a single good plot, it's all about a woman that is never in danger, she is never punished, and never gets any satisfaction from anything. What was I thinking? That I want to be beaten? Oh, I don't care!  The only reason I can think of for liking this movie is that I can see myself in it. I'm the sort of person that likes to be in danger. I like to be afraid. I want a fight. I don 't want to live alone and safe. I just want to have my life to be complete. So when I watch a movie like this, I feel like I'm back in the wild. This movie is just not worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry to say that this movie is a total waste of time. The only reason I'm giving it a rating is because I have to rate it. It's an extremely low budget affair that contains no special effects whatsoever. It is, however, an attempt at a special effects film, and I'm glad that they made it. The plot is completely unbelievable and completely unbelievable. I don't know what the movie was supposed to do, and it's not clear what the point of it was. If the director wants to make a horror movie, I would recommend going to the library and checking out the other "special effects" movies. I can guarantee you that it will make no sense, and there will be no special effect.  If you want to see an attempt to scare you with a cheap special effects movie, skip this one and just look for something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise for this movie is the typical low budget, no-budget Hollywood horror film. The cast is good for the most part, but the plot is boring and unconvincing. The only redeeming feature is the cinematography. But the story is not interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total waste of time. I found myself skipping most of the action scenes in the movie, and only getting involved with the final scene in the theater. There was not much plot in the first part of the movie; only some background details, and it could have been better if the writers had not spent most of their time trying to figure out how to create a movie that could be made for a low budget.  There was only one other part in the film that I found interesting, the ending, and the ending was so horrible that I thought the filmmakers were purposely trying to make it so that the movie would fail. This was one of the few times I've seen a movie go from good to awful in one movie.  Overall, this is a terrible movie. The actors in the scene were terrible, the plot was a mess, and most of all the movie was just bad. It would be a waste of money if the actors were better, and even worse if the plot wasn't so terribly boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a fan of "Wish You Were The Last" (as in "You've got to be kidding!") movies because they usually involve the lead actor, who is always a little bit too nice to the other characters. "Wishing You Were the Last" is so unhinged that it is almost unbearable to watch. You might be able to sympathize with the characters in a certain way if you like those guys. Unfortunately, I did not, and the only thing I can say for the actor is that he is one of the worst actors I have ever seen. The director is a very good man, but there is no excuse for the movie. I can't believe it is actually a comedy. I would have preferred to see this movie with no story at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what happens when you try to make a movie without any humor. A movie where all the jokes are about the characters' personalities. The acting was terrible, the plot was a mess and the only thing I liked was the music.  This movie was terrible. The whole thing just seemed to have been made by someone who was really unhappy about the way the movie ended and didn't have any hope that they would get the movie done. The movie should have been a $5 movie. The cast should have stayed on and made the movie even more lame.  The ending could have been better, the movie could have ended much earlier and the movie would have had more momentum and been funnier. The ending of this movie was awful and I wish I hadn't even seen it. I think it was made for a comedy club where it would have been easier to make it funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is completely terrible. It looks and sounds so much like a cheap copy of "The Wizard of Oz" that it's actually funny, but it's not. The story is so bad, that I had to force myself to watch it because I kept thinking that the characters were supposed to have some sort of supernatural powers. I know the first movie was a masterpiece, but this one? What the hell? I would have been better off watching the first one.  "Curse of the Werewolf" was supposed to be the sequel to "Curses", but apparently it's supposed to feature vampires and witches, not zombies.  The acting is terrible. There are no actors with the slightest charisma. I remember when "The Cabin in the Woods" was released and people were saying how "funny" the movie was. I mean, the acting is worse than this movie.  I'm not a big fan of horror movies, but I can say that this one is awful. I just don't understand how it's so bad. There were moments where I was laughing, and moments where the movie stopped and I had no idea what was happening anymore. This is the worst movie I've ever seen.  If you want a horror movie, I would suggest you watch "The Evil Dead". I actually like "The Walking Dead", and the trailer for "Walking Dead" looks just like this movie does. I'm just hoping that the "Witch of the West" is much better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not really clear what happened here, although I think it must have been a lot of things that didn't go well. This film doesn't hold up to any standards and isn't particularly funny or interesting. The plot is just so convoluted and the acting is really bad. It also looks so bad it's not funny, but it still looks OK for a low budget film.  If you are expecting something interesting and funny, don't expect a decent film. Just look at the last scene in the movie when the kids are all going to heaven.  It is a very poor imitation of the Bible. The script makes no sense. It isn't funny, it isn't engaging and it isn 't even remotely Biblical.  The only redeeming quality of this film is the fact that the movie stars a very good actress. That's not something that should have been in the script, but thankfully, the film makers didn't.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are no redeeming qualities to the cast. They all seem to be having trouble getting the time and energy to act as they are supposed to. All the acting is a bit flat and the whole thing is so incredibly boring. There are too many actors that come and go. It's impossible to care about the story and characters and still be able to keep up with the plot lines.  The only redeeming factor for the cast is the original theme song, which isn't bad, but is really not worth the five minutes it costs.  I would rather not have the movie, but I am glad I saw it at least once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the premise for this film quite interesting - what if the "Great Satan" had not been executed on a mountain in the US, but instead had been a young woman who had lived with her parents as a girl and then had been born and raised on a farm in the countryside and was now going to be sent to an army school to train as a nurse. The movie begins with a girl of a similar age and social status being put in the care of the Great Satan's army, which she would be taught to be a great healer of the sick, etc.  After she finishes her training, the movie then cuts to the young girl and finds her in a cabin, alone in the woods, where she is murdered.  I couldn't help but think that this girl was probably the "Mama Satan" of this film and would've probably died rather than go to an Army school and get a job. The only other character in this movie who I liked was the teacher's pet cat. It was probably just a coincidence that he was a man of the opposite sex and she a woman.  The plot was really weak, with the main character having no motivation to do anything and the movie just getting progressively worse and worse from the second half of the movie. The ending made no sense - why did she go to the school? Why did she have to murder herself? The film had no plot.  This movie could've made an interesting thriller - but instead it just seemed to be an excuse to do some cheap acting and a cheap-looking horror flick. I don't think I'll be watching this one again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I have watched this movie at least 10 times in the last 15 years. There are so many problems with it that I couldn't understand how they were able to get away with this. It's not just a film, it's a complete waste of time. It could have been a very funny movie if it had anything to do with the plot. The story is so completely pointless and there is no suspense or horror element whatsoever. I would have been more entertained if they had cut the music out of the end. I found myself going, "Whoa, wait a minute. I don't know what the hell is going on. Let me rewind this and see what happens." There is no mystery, just a lot of stupid people doing stupid things. The cast is bad as well, they are really just terrible.  This film was an utter disappointment. I'm not sure what they were trying to accomplish with this film but I don;t know what they thought they were doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to make a comment about the actors who have played this character. As I have said before, there is no excuse for such a weak acting. All the people who have made these kinds of movies have had no talent. Why can't they play better than that? This movie is so bad that I would not want to see anyone else in the role. The whole movie is made up of nothing but one-liners and lines that nobody cares about, such as, "I love you more than I love my mother and my sister." This is why I cannot recommend this movie to anyone. This movie has no story line, no real suspense, and no emotional value. I am really disappointed in the people involved in making this movie. I just don't get it. I wish that someone had said, "Stop making movies about stupid people. I don't know how anyone could make such a movie." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this on DVD, and I was disappointed. I mean, I've seen many movies, and they usually weren't that bad, but this one was one of the worst. It's the story, the acting, the plot, everything about this movie. The characters were all too stereotyped and unrealistic. It was just too ridiculous for a low budget movie.  The only redeeming part of this movie was the music. The soundtrack was really boring. I just couldn't stand it. It had nothing going for it, and that's probably why I ended up not liking it.  It was a waste of my time. It would have been better if I had just seen this in a different time. I've read many reviews on this movie, and it was all over the place, with little thought put into it. Even though it wasn't that good, it could have been much worse. I really don't know why they made it this way. Maybe they had a scriptwriter who could have written a better movie. I don't care what the plot was, just don't make a bad, terrible movie. This movie should have been called "Worst Movie Ever Made". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so devoid of plot, that you can't tell how it's going to end. You have to guess how it will end. This is the same problem that you see with some of the low budget "action" movies that have come out in the past couple of years. Some of them, like the new "The Avengers" movies, have a decent story line, but they fail to tell it with any sense of coherence or style. They just have one idea that can be summarized in a handful of words. The problem is, it's all so predictable. They are basically making a one-camera comedy. It's like they are saying "Well, the audience likes comedy, so we'll just make it so!" And that's really all they have left. It just doesn't feel like a movie, or even a story. And I'm not sure I would call it "bad" or "badly" directed, because they didn't really seem to care about anything other than making the camera move as fast as possible, and telling a story that is basically meaningless and devoid of any meaning.  The biggest problem is the script. It lacks any sort of consistency. It doesn't make sense.  And they probably could have cut a couple of scenes to save money. It would have made the movie less tedious and more entertaining, but the lack of cutting would have really hurt the overall experience.  Also, it was really stupid of them to try and do this with a bunch of old guys. This film made me believe that all old guys are stupid. And that I have to treat them like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a movie, just a series of images that make the viewer look like they are in some sort of trance. I found this series of pictures very disturbing to watch. It does not look like a movie and it doesn't even look like it was made for a movie. It looks like it's made for you to sit around and stare at a screen. I wouldn't have considered this as a horror movie, but it was a movie made for adults.  I give this movie a 2 out of 10 because it had a lot of potential. It had a few nice ideas and a lot more potential was left on the table.  It didn't even end well. The last scene should have been the climax of the movie. The film ended on a really slow, creepy, low-key kind of way. I can't think of anything else that could have made this film look better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have no idea what this film was, but it was just horrible. I can't believe that it made it past the casting department. There are at least four other films on this channel that were better.  If you want to see the original films, go to the other channel. If you like this one, go watch the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just plain boring. There is no story line at all. I think that they had some type of script, but it was so incoherent that I was not able to follow it at all, and it just seemed like they threw in everything they could find to get a "kick ass" flick.  The acting was bad, and there was not much else to it. The only good thing about this film is that the ending was really good, but I'm not sure why they didn't just end it and just let the whole movie run a little longer.  It's a pity that they did not make a sequel to this, because it really is a terrible movie.  I would like to see the next movie: "Craziest Kid on Earth", or "I Can't Stand People". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very low budget, poorly acted, poorly written, badly acted, completely unbelievable, not a single joke. I'm not sure if the actors were even on set when the movie was shot, but this is just a typical low budget movie where nothing is actually filmed. There are no actors in it at all. It is the kind of movie where the camera gets too close to the actors.  In this movie, the characters are constantly drunk, their hands are shaking, and the scenes seem to drag. There's no real story to the movie, except for the final two scenes. The movie could have been made for a fraction of the cost and would have probably lost money. It's just one big mess of a movie.  This movie made me think it would be fun to be a drunk man. This movie should be a waste of your time. It might have been good if you just wanted to laugh at the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Escape" is the worst movie I have ever seen. There are no twists, no mystery, no characters, and the whole time the movie is being used to promote a movie "Sleeping With the Fates" (a movie that contains nearly identical plot points). It is simply a horrible film.  I don't understand how anyone could watch this movie and get enjoyment out of it. If you watch this, it will only make you feel bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies ever made. I don't know what they were thinking when they made this movie. A lot of people were really annoyed with it, and it didn't deserve to be in the movie hall of fame. It was a terrible film. I would suggest that people watch this movie in 2 hours if they want to feel better. This movie is just another piece of garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really hope that they release the entire version, but I think they should have left out the scene where the boy is trying to get into the woods. This is the first time I've ever seen a film that had a real life horror story line that is not a joke. The scene is basically a bunch of people in the woods and the girl is scared of the boy. There is nothing in this film that's not completely ridiculous and that is one of the worst things that I've seen.  And it really isn't a horror film...it's a comedy!  It's so awful I actually laughed in the film. But that's probably because I'm too old to see movies anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It was really a drag to see the acting and directing. I just couldn't understand why everyone felt the need to make a film about this. It had nothing to do with the movie. It seemed like it was just made to sell a bad romantic comedy.  This movie had to have been made for the sole purpose of selling DVD's. There are some very low budget horror movies out there but I don't think that's the case here. The acting was laughable and the plot didn't make sense. I felt that the whole thing was just recycled footage. The story of this movie just didn't seem to make sense and I didn't care for it. The only thing that saved this movie was the ending but the end was rather predictable. The end didn't justify the whole film. I give this movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I was expecting to enjoy the first movie but was completely disappointed when I saw the sequel.  The acting is awful and the script is so bad. I don't know why it was made. The idea was not original.  There are so many other movies I've seen where the plot is so stupid it is almost funny. But this one seems to be trying to be too original. The script is just one big lie. The actors are so bad it is ridiculous. It's so hard to believe anyone could act so poorly.  I guess the director thought it would be a good idea to make the movie look like a "fun" movie. It just isn't. I would not recommend this movie at all. The only good thing about it was that it made me laugh. But that was it. I can't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting something good from this film, and I wasn't disappointed. It's the worst movie I've ever seen. The movie is really bad. The story is a joke, the acting is bad, the humor is just so bad. It seems like they could have done a better job if they were making a low budget movie, but this is a big Hollywood production. I found it hard to believe they spent that much money on this. I mean, there's nothing that's worth that much.  The movie's plot is so poorly written that you get the feeling the writer was just watching the movie to get a laugh.  There are no laughs in the entire movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had seen the trailer on a local movie channel and I had to see this movie. I have seen plenty of bad movies over the years but I've never seen anything as bad as this. This is the first movie I've ever seen that's been so bad I felt I had been watching a rip-off of a good movie. A very weak script, the acting was horrendous and the acting talent seemed to be hired by a local film director who had made it up to his usual standard of mediocrity. I found it to be a complete waste of time. I can only guess why the producer made the movie - it was an attempt to make a movie that would attract the local market. Unfortunately, it was not the movie I was expecting. The movie could have been great if it were done by a talented director. I gave it a 1/10 rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really terrible film.  A total waste of money. The acting is terrible, the script is atrocious and the whole thing was so stupid and boring that I can't believe I put in my two-thousand-euro to see this.  The story, which is supposed to be a comedy about a young boy who tries to make friends with an older boy who is not interested in him, is really awful. The movie is full of unnecessary scenes that never make sense and the acting is awful. And if you are interested in the plot, don't bother with the last third of the film. You won't understand it anyway.  There are several scenes in the movie that are supposed to make you laugh, but they make you sick. It's a pity. It could have been a lot better if they didn't have to give you a chance to laugh every five minutes.  This is not the funniest movie ever made. I'd rather watch a bad comedy than a good horror movie. If you want to see a movie that you can laugh at, see a horror movie instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is so very disappointing that this movie did not make the list.  What the hell is this? It is a sequel to the movie "The Devil in the White House", which was actually a really terrible film.  The actors were all over the place. Even the original cast members were completely out of sync. I found myself in the dark theater wondering if they even filmed the movie in their own home town. It seemed like they filmed the first movie at a studio in Los Angeles and the second movie in Chicago. They didn't even bother to do the "A" and "B" parts of the movie. The movie didn't make sense at all. And that is not even the worst thing. The soundtrack was so bad. I was amazed that I could still hear it after 15 minutes. And then there was the horrible acting. The actors didn't know how to act, they didn't understand what was going on, and they didn.t care. The acting was just awful.  It was just so sad. I didn't care what I was doing, I just wanted to go home and watch the other movie.  In the end I didn' t care if it was supposed to be a comedy or a drama. I just didn't want to sit through the movie for a second longer.  I was so annoyed that I couldn't even enjoy the movie that I watched.   I give it an 8 out of 10 because it was an incredibly stupid movie. And to top it off, the movie is based on a book of the same name. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so unbelievably terrible that it makes me want to spit in my food and burn it with a match. I am not going to try to review it without giving it a rating.  This film is so bad, in fact, that it is the worst movie I have ever seen.  The only redeeming quality of the film is the acting. That alone could ruin a movie. It is awful. The story is awful and the characters are awful. This is a movie for the people who love to hate movies. There is absolutely no redeeming value. It's a horrible mess. It does not deserve a rating of 2/10. It deserves to be ignored. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The concept was good, the characters were fine, the story was OK, but the acting was awful, the direction was terrible and the cinematography was absolutely terrible.  The movie is so boring, you just want to put it down and let it go. The plot is so weak and uninteresting, the acting is so pathetic, that it could have been a feature film if it wasn't so boring.  There is no suspense, no danger, no real emotions, no excitement, nothing at all. It is like a movie where you have to sit there and watch every line because you know it's going to end soon.  I would recommend that you watch a good movie: The original Star Wars, not this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was okay, I thought that it was well directed, the acting was okay. It was a pity to see it fail so badly in the box office. It didn't even make the top ten at the box-office.  I think this is a waste of time, a waste to waste money, time and the lives of people who just don't like movies like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, it's not even funny. It just isn't funny at all. The acting is terrible, the script is terrible. The plot is terrible too.  The ending is completely lame, and the characters are awful. It's just so boring. I would not recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a decent horror movie with a little bit of blood and gore. What I got was a cheesy, poorly acted and poorly written film.  The only good thing about this film is the fact that the actors are really good at what they do and that it makes you question why they even bothered to put it together in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. I have been a huge fan of the movies "Ella's Tale" and "Auntie Dotard". The story is a complete waste of time. This movie is really about Auntie Dotarden. The movie was a disaster. It is not funny. It's just really dumb. And it just doesn't make sense. How can Auntie and Uncle Henry get married? How did they get to visit the farm? Why did Auntie get her hair done and Uncle Hank get his hair cut? The movie never gives us any real explanation of how Auntie gets into the farm. This is just Auntie playing pranks on the family. She always gets angry with them when she thinks they have done something wrong. I was hoping that this movie would be more funny, but it really isn't. It has a terrible cast, and the acting is just awful.  The worst thing about this movie is the fact that they used the song "Ethel Merman" in the beginning of the movie. The song is supposed to be about Aunt Merman. I don't think this song is funny, and I'm surprised they used it. The music and the song could have been made into a better movie. They should have left it out. It would have been more interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie. It's got a few moments where the camera pans out to reveal what's in the background, but I found it to be rather pointless. It also doesn't have a sense of humor, either. There is no story line that isn't just a bunch of actors saying their lines over and over again. There's no humor to be found in it at all. The dialog was not very funny either, but then again, the movie had a lot of people in it, so it's not really a bad picture. If you want to see an interesting movie, go see the first Twilight movie. This is not worth the time of anyone who wants to see a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a major disappointment, even by the low standards of low-budget exploitation films. The story itself is a total joke. The film takes a very strange and unbelievable twist at the end of the film, which was never mentioned in the script. The final scene where the girls are in the shower, in which we are shown a full view of the girls' naked bodies, and then are shown the film's ending, is so utterly ridiculous it has to be shown as a separate scene. The director should have been more careful with the footage he used to make this film.  The acting is pretty bad, and I would have liked to see some better choreography. The plot is a joke, and so are the characters. The ending is so unbelievable that I have to say that I'm actually a little surprised the director bothered to end the film. I mean, really, what's the point of making the film if you can't end it?  I really would like to see the director take his own advice and just start writing his own original films. I can only hope that he goes back to the "good movies" he used in his previous works, which are, in his own words, "a bit better." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful, I cannot believe how it was able to get a positive rating from people who liked the original. I was disappointed when I saw that the only thing that was missing was the fact that this movie was set in a hospital. The first movie was so much better, I would have rather seen the movie in the hospital. I have seen this movie only once and it is so much worse than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like the original Star Wars trilogy and The Empire Strikes Back, but this movie takes it too far. There are many other movies with the same theme but it's not even worth mentioning them. The story is about the evil Emperor, and the evil Jedi trying to stop him, and Luke and his friends try to save the Princess from being a slave. But it all seems very much like a bad action movie. I've seen many Star Wars movies and they were all better than this one. It's just a pity that Lucasfilm was so stupid and didn't know how to make a decent movie. It should be a B, not a D. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never seen a bad horror movie, let alone one this bad. It is just a sad waste of time. I saw the trailer twice, twice, and then it made me realize that it was way too much of a waste of my time. It's not that the movie is bad, but it is very boring, very repetitive, and just plain boring. The director is nowhere to be found.  The characters are a little bit annoying, but they get the job done, but there is no real horror at all in the movie. It was so much better than other horror movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is nothing more than a rehash of a bad rip-off of a good movie.  The plot is so contrived and so poorly acted that you will laugh if you have to. The only thing worse than a bad film is a bad script.  In the beginning the story is so good that you may want to believe that you are watching something that was actually made in the 1980's.  It is really hard to believe, that in a country that is obsessed with guns and violence, that a movie that has a scene in which a man is shot and killed because his wife shoots him is really this terrible. I think that this film was made by someone who had been involved in the movie business in the late 1970's and early 1980's and had been asked to make a movie about a TV show that had been cancelled.  I think this film should have never been made and I would like to warn anyone else who will watch it that they will find themselves watching something completely different and unoriginal. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. I had hoped to enjoy the story and plot but was left frustrated and disappointed. I really don't know what went wrong but the film had the feel of a bad horror film. The acting was so bad that I had to pause the movie and then watch it again to make sure that I hadn't missed anything. The story is pretty much devoid of any story. The actors didn't seem to be acting with each other and I think that's why I don't understand why some people have enjoyed this movie. It looks like the script was written by someone who had never read any books or had even heard of the book, and that's a shame because the story should have been better. I give this movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a huge fan of the show. I am just a big fan of it being made as a movie. It is very boring and poorly directed. It's really sad to see it turned into a terrible movie. I guess they wanted to make the movie look as much like the show as possible and didn't care about the show at all. But they just couldn't put it together. The movie was really poorly written and not very interesting at all to watch. It was just awful. I would rather have seen the show than this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little disappointing that the plot had been changed to a comedy (the first episode was so much funnier), but it still was just as hard to watch. The acting was so-so, and the story line seemed to go on forever. I'm not sure what the idea was for this episode. Was it supposed to be "a little something to amuse the crowd"? What an utter waste of money. This show should have never been made. If it was supposed to make a point, it could have done it in any way it wanted. The script was completely ridiculous. I would rather watch the first episode of The Simpsons, than this crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so disappointing I almost gave it three stars. I was expecting more from a Hollywood comedy about a movie: I was hoping to laugh my way through the first 20 minutes and just enjoy the ride of the movie. What I got was an average movie, not the best.  There are so many great movies out there, this one didn't get it. I can only assume the script was terrible. I think there were two problems: the movie was shot so poorly that it's hard to tell what the actors are doing and how they are acting, and the movie is so devoid of any sort of plot or storyline that it really has no story line at all. The only thing the movie has going for it is that it has a great lead actress (the actress who plays the lead role in the movie), and that she has to wear lots of clothing to make her look pretty. The movie isn't worth the five minutes of your time.  I can't say anything bad about the acting, it was fine. I just can't recommend this movie because it's so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie as a way to find out more about the movie I was watching. I didn't think I was the only one who felt that way. I saw this movie for the first time as a teenager and my parents laughed at it. It's not just a ripoff. It just doesn't make sense. It makes absolutely no sense.  It's a little like "The Shining", only without the real estate and the people. And there's no real scares. The movie just goes on and on and makes no sense and it's annoying. It gets worse when the acting is bad and the movie just doesn is a mess. I just don't know what the hell this movie is supposed to be. It looks like it's a kid's movie, and it just is. It would have been better if it were an adult's movie because the story doesn't work and there is no suspense.  This movie isn't worth watching if you want a movie with a coherent plot. The story is terrible, and the acting sucks.  The acting is awful, and you'll end up getting bored watching it.  I wish I could give this movie zero stars, because the acting was just so awful that I could never watch another movie with the same actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very odd movie for its time, it just doesn't hold up. The director has been in charge of the same sort of thing for decades, and the script was a rip-off of an old comedy. What makes this movie worse than a poorly made B-movie is the terrible acting. Every single character is incredibly one-dimensional. The story is also ridiculously long. The only reason I watched this movie is because I wanted to see how it could have been a lot better. It's not funny, it's not a good movie, it makes no sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has absolutely nothing to do with what is going on in the world at the moment. The director's aim was to make a movie about the American dream, but it failed miserably. It was not even the slightest bit funny, and it made no sense at all. There is no plot. The movie starts with a few lines about the 'American Dream'.  The first two minutes of the movie is a long flashback about a family in the past. This is followed by some footage of a couple having sex, followed by scenes of the couple leaving the house for the first time and coming back. The footage is boring, and the characters do not even try to make it interesting. It just goes on and on like this, and you get bored. The only way the movie could have been better is if the characters had a bit more personality and did not act in such a stereotypical way.  After that, the movie gets really boring. The action scenes are not at all good, and there are no moments of humour. This movie is not a comedy at all, but a very sad and very shallow one.  In the final scene, we are treated to a scene in the life of a real couple in the US. The wife and her boyfriend are arguing about something. The boyfriend is so angry that he throws a stone into the wall. The woman starts to cry. A small kid then walks in and joins the argument. The scene is sad, and really boring, because we just watch the couple, and then the kid walks out again. It's a pity that the movie did not include a scene where a character walks in after this scene and talks to the couple and the kid, explaining that they have a problem. The whole movie seems to be made out of the same kind of nonsense that is shown in the trailer. The characters seem to be totally unable to act and talk. I can't understand how the writers came up with these ideas. If the writers want to create an American Dream, I would suggest to create one where people are not angry about their lives, and where there is no point in having sex because the husband is still going to throw a stone in the wall anyway. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the third film I've seen that's made me feel this way. This one has got a bad, old-fashioned feel to it, even though it was made in the 1960s. It's just not very good. This has to be the worst movie ever made.  The acting is terrible. The script is terrible, too. There are too many pointless and unnecessary dialogues to be able to work out what's going on in there. And there are so many jokes that it would make the "The Office" laugh. There's not much else to say about this. It was so terrible I had to stop after about two hours of watching.  I think the only redeeming point of the movie was that it was a tribute to "The Wizard Of Oz", which is great. The story, however, had nothing to do with the original "Wizard Of Oz" or the other "Wizards Of Oz". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not funny or anything. It's just plain awful. The idea is to make a bunch of teenagers look at each other in a way that is supposed to be fun, but turns out to be very sad. The kids don't act like teenagers, they act like they're 12. The music is annoying, the acting is not great, and the story isn't that interesting. It should have been called "Teenage Fights." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie as an adult and not as an adolescent. This is a classic example of a film that should be seen as a kid's film rather than an adult film. It is a little bit more exciting and enjoyable to watch as an older adult than an adolescent (I can't imagine it as a teenager). But the director and writer of this film were not that good at the script. I did not like the movie. I mean it was pretty bad, but the plot was not all that good. The actors did not act in a believable manner.  I'm glad that the director made this movie for his own entertainment, but if you see this movie, please don't. Don't waste your time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A remake of a bad sci-fi movie: the original, from the 70s, was a classic sci-fantasy, complete with some weird ideas, but a good movie in its own right. This one is just plain bad.  There's no sign of the original's eccentricity, but the idea of the giant insects is just laughable. The movie is filled with lots of weird looking robots and giant monsters, but it's so dull and uninteresting that it's hard to believe it's a remake.  It has to be the worst sci-film of all time. The fact that it has a director as good as the original film director shows how the remake is so bad. It should have been made by an independent film studio, and not by a studio that has been in trouble before.  This is just one more example of the fact that big budget sci-films are often just a big waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a real disappointment, just like the original. There is no story to speak of. The acting is awful. The sound is awful, and the direction is absolutely terrible.  In fact, I have never seen a movie made with such an awful sound.  It seems that they have used a lot of computer generated images and that is really poor. It's like they are trying to imitate the old days. The music was okay. But it was terrible in this movie. There was one scene where the characters were really walking down the street in slow motion. I don't know how they did it. I just don't get how they made it look so good.  Overall, this movie is really, really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a desperate attempt to create an action movie, the filmmakers decided to throw in the word "superhero" and throw in a little bit of comic relief in order to get some mileage out of this one. This isn't a bad flick, it's just awful. The acting is pretty good, but the whole thing is a complete mess. The script, as we can tell from the trailer, is a mess. And the characters, while they have their moments, are just a little too one dimensional for me.  The whole thing just comes across as a poor attempt at a "super hero" movie that falls short of expectations. The characters are all fairly flat, and the story is just too one-dimensional. The best way to judge a bad film is how it affects you emotionally. If you're a fan of the genre, you can at least find enjoyment out of it, but if you're not a fan, this is an extremely poor attempt to do so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main characters are pretty flat.  This film was made in 1990 but there's no reason why it should be as bad as it is. It has the worst story of any movie ever made. It should have been made as a comedy and I don't think there's any reason why anyone would have made it as a horror. It's like one of those movies where they make the story as dull as possible and then they release it for the sake of making money. It just makes you wonder why anyone made it in the first place. I'm sorry to say that this film is not one of my favorites but it's certainly not one I'll recommend. The actors were a bit disappointing and the script is just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie looks like it was made in a desperate attempt to make a quick buck. It's not very good and there are a few really lame sequences in it. It would've been better if they had spent more money on making the acting more believable. The plot is also very shallow and very predictable.  The acting was really awful, I really hated how the characters were acting and how it seemed they were just made up for the sake of the movie. The only redeeming factor of the whole thing was the really pretty girls in the movie and that is really all that's worth mentioning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to watch this film at least three times, but after that I got bored. I'm sure I'm not alone with this observation. I think I got to watch it once more, and after that it was just a waste of time.  There are a few good moments in the film, but for the most part it's just awful. There are just too many plot holes to be believed, and there's not even a plot to speak of. In the beginning, there's an idea that the girl is in danger, and then nothing happens, and the film turns into a story about how a guy from the movie industry is in love with the girl. There is no plot, nothing to be thought of in the first half hour, and it's pretty much just a mess.  The music in the movie is bad, and you'll notice if you watch the music in other films that it sounds so similar to it. I don't know how they can make it sound so different in this one, but I'll let them slide. There's a really weird ending, and I don' t understand how they could come up with it. You'll see a scene where a guy who looks exactly like a movie star is having sex with a chick who looks just like a supermodel. I'll admit that I just didn't get it. The movie is only about the girl's dad (Tommy Wiseau), who is in prison for murder. In prison, he has sex with the inmate that is his girlfriend. Then the girl dies, and Tom gets in trouble with the prison guards because he didn't do the deed. The film then goes into the prison's general population and finds out that the prison guard that's had his affair with the prisoner is also having an affair with her. The guard then tries to frame Tom in the murder of the guard, and is killed when Tom shoots him. The prison guards then decide to frame the prison inmate (Chris Tucker) for the murder.  Oh, and by the way, there are no explosions, there aren't any explosions, and no one dies in the whole movie. The whole movie is just a bunch of people shooting each other with guns.  I gave this film a 1/10, and if you want to see the worst movie ever made, I'd give it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is just awful. It looks like a cheap "movies that were made for money" type of thing. I am not a big fan of horror movies and this was not one of my favorite movies. The acting is really bad. The only saving grace is that the plot is actually kind of interesting.  But it really sucks. It is just not very entertaining at all. It was an okay movie to watch, but not a good one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so poorly made that it's a wonder why anyone bothered to watch it. Even the title alone makes you wonder if it was even made by the writer or director. "The Legend of the Red Moon" isn't even the best film I've ever seen.  The film takes place in the same sort of time period as "Citizen Kane" but with much worse acting, a lot less story, and just one very lame attempt at being funny.   It's not even as if this film is a poor remake of "Clerks". It's just a poor attempt at the "Cancer" theme.  A film with a title like "The Red Moon", the only thing that comes to mind is that it should have been called "The Green Moon". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a lot of things that could have made this movie better. The story could have been told with more finesse and creativity. But the execution was just so awful, even for an indie flick.  For instance, there was no dialog between the characters, just scenes of people talking and saying nothing. And the ending just... ended. It seemed like there were no plans at all to get to the end of the movie. There's no reason for the characters to meet, but there is no reason to meet at all.  It's also very obvious that this was filmed in such a short amount of time that they could have used a lot more time and energy in the movie to add more action or to give the characters more depth. I guess it's just that no one was willing to work on this movie, and so it went unfinished. The ending should have at least had a little more buildup, some more backstory, and a little less "woe is me."  It doesn't even qualify as a comedy movie.  The plot is too predictable, the ending too weak, and the characters so unlikable that it just kills the suspense and the laughs. It's not even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was pretty awful, and I felt like I had been punched in the stomach for most of the movie. I'm sure this movie was made for a young audience and probably to be a bit edgy, but I just couldn't get into it. And the ending was a bit stupid, and the acting was weak.  This movie was probably the worst film I've ever seen, and it's not because it was funny. I just didn't like the characters, the plot, and even the ending.  If you want to see a bunch of people having sex on a beach, go see a different movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie as a 15 year old and I thought it was OK. But it just got worse and worse and I watched it every year after that. This was the only movie I saw where the acting wasn't bad. The rest were just awful. The story is just as boring as it was when it first started. And the music was OK, but that is pretty much the only redeeming quality.  The characters are so bland, and the whole thing is so predictable. I don't even want to talk about it, but I'll say it. This movie is about as funny as a bunch of teenagers are making fun of each other. It's really annoying and I wish I was watching something else.  I hope you get rid of this movie, and if you are looking to see something funny and edgy, look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a complete disaster. I don't mean that in a bad way. I mean that the story is predictable, the acting is wooden, and the special effects (like the house being torn apart) are a complete waste of time. This movie could have been a comedy if the story was not so stupid.  My favorite scene was the scene in the middle of the forest when the monster is chasing the young boy. You know, when the little boy has his back to the camera, and you have to hold still while he runs around the forest, and there's a lot of camera movement, and your heart is beating fast, because he is running toward the camera and you can't tell which direction he's running. The monster gets closer and closer, and when the boy runs back to his father and is looking at him, he runs toward the monster. It is obvious that he's scared. Then the camera zooms out from the boy, and suddenly it cuts to an image of the little girl running toward us, because it knows the boy is looking back at it. This is not a scene you want to be in when making a horror movie. I could have told you that it's impossible to make a suspenseful suspenseful scene. You want to know if the monster's going to eat the little daughter? You want me to give you a clue?  The monster is about half a foot away from the little kid, so he could have eaten him at any time, and that's why you can never tell which way he's going.  I don' think I've ever seen a movie that was so bad it's good. It's not a horror film, it's just a waste of money. It takes a lot more effort to make an interesting movie, so why waste your time with this one? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is so bad it's laughable. The script is so nonsensical it is incomprehensible. The character of the boy is such an overacting clown. It's a real pity the director did not use a real life kid for this movie. This movie would have been funnier if it had used an actual kid. The actors are not even good enough to make a real movie out of a joke.  The movie has absolutely no value. There is no redeeming value for a movie like this. A movie can be made out of something that is so utterly stupid it's ridiculous. This is no exception. This was made out to be a comedy but there's nothing funny about it. It was a waste of my time and I felt it was a complete waste of money.   I would not recommend this movie to anyone. The story is so poorly done it's no wonder it did poorly in the box office. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is actually made by a movie studio, so the acting is pretty much the same as that of an average B-Movie. It does not have much plot and doesn't have a very good script. The acting was weak and the plot was completely useless. I have seen other movies that had better scripts, but this one was terrible. The only saving grace was that the music was pretty good, but the sound was horrible. If you are a fan of the Disney, I would not recommend this movie to anyone.  I don't think this movie is as bad as other B-Movies that have been made by Disney, but it is a huge disappointment. The best thing about this movie was that it gave us a few laughs and a few chuckles, but you can tell that the writers were having a hard time coming up with something to write. This movie would be a big waste of time if it was not made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some things about "The American Bikini" that just don't add up. It seems like it could have been a very funny movie with some serious moments, but somehow it never made it to that point. This movie looks so much like a high school kid making a movie that he'll never make again that it's actually a real disappointment. The story line is just so pointless and boring. This isn't even a bad comedy, but the director has no idea what's going on. He just put together a bunch of actors and made it look like an action movie. There's no point in making this movie unless you are a serious action movie fan.  There's also no point making this as a video-game movie. It's just too easy to make an action flick with a game box as the cover. It would have been more fitting to have this as an independent movie rather than one from Disney or Warner Bros. This is an insult to the movie making process, and the people who actually make them.  If you want to see some really bad movies, just go to the mall and rent "Halloween". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame I didn't have to sit through this video - it was awful. It was just too bad. There was nothing interesting in it, nothing good. There wasn't even a script - just a series of bad dialogues and some silly music (for example, the music used in the movie is "The Sound Of A Child's Tears" by the French band "Le Sourire." Not only is it a horrible song, but the lyrics are too far from French to be understood. The movie is about a father who has lost his daughter and decides to kill his daughter's father. However, when the father meets his daughter, he sees that she's been taken by her mother and killed by her father. In the meantime, the father sees his daughter killed by the father's brother (played by the same actor). Then he tries to get his daughter back, but it turns out that she was dead all along! The movie tries to make up for its awfulness by having a cute boy play the father, who tries to kill the boy's mother. However it ends when the boy gets killed by his father's sister (played in a rather stereotypical way by the "Pretty" actress from "The Stepfather" movie).  The movie was awful and I'm sorry that I had to sit thru it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a lot of wasted time here. Some scenes are so boring that you have to wonder how the actors could make them without any dialogue. And, of course, there's the whole "mummy" thing, which is not a good way to make a horror movie.  In a good movie, the characters and plot are so interesting that you don't want to hear their words. In this movie, they just repeat their lines over and over again. It's not like the characters are supposed to be intelligent, anyway. It is a horror flick, not a horror film.  The plot is so convoluted that you can't even follow it.  It's all so cheap that I really think that the actors would have earned more money if they hadn't been paid to act. I'm surprised that the director didn't even ask the actors if they would like to have any more money.  A low budget horror movie with too much special effects. It looks like a low budget version of The Silence Of The Lambs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off I am a huge fan of the original series and I am extremely disappointed with this remake. It seems that the filmmakers had never seen the first series. I'm not sure if they had actually seen the movies, or if they just copied them from DVD. I know the first season has been released on DVD, but the original DVD release was on DVD only. So I guess this movie has been cut from the DVD. Anyway, I'll give the producers credit for giving us the original season. But I think it's a waste of time. I really don't understand why they made this movie. I would have preferred to see them at the studio, watching their own show, which is very entertaining and I know that they don't get the series out much. I just think they should have put the original cast back on the screen and done it that way. It was a waste.  I really wish that they had just left the show as is, and that they could have made a movie from scratch. This movie just made me sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just read this book and I have to say that the main problem with it was the way it was structured and the way the story was being told.  I really don't understand how it made it to the movie. It just seems to be a mess of the story and the acting. I think that if you are going to be doing a play with a lot of plot twists and turns you might want to avoid the book altogether.  But, if you can get past the main problems and you like a good movie that is just not as good as it could be. I don't think it was really the main issue. I just wish it was longer and there were more jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was very shallow and it seemed to be missing the point.  I was expecting more from a director that had done such great things like "The Big Lebowski", "Beverly Hills Cop", "Fools in Paradise" and "The Long Goodbye".  This movie just seemed like a cheap way to waste the movie dollars. I can't understand how someone who could have made a really great movie could have wasted this much time and effort. The only good thing about this movie is that it is a good way to take pictures. But the lack of direction, lack of story and direction, and the low quality acting, really put a bad taste in my mouth. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only positive point I can say about this film is that there is some interesting acting in it, but not in the main cast members.  This film was poorly written, badly acted, badly written again and finally, badly directed. I think this is the worst film I have seen in a long time. The plot was absolutely awful. The movie was not even close to believable at all. It had no pace whatsoever and most of the action sequences looked like they were filmed on a skateboard. I thought that the acting was much better in "Maniac". The cast was not at all convincing in this film, and the director could not make the film more interesting.  I can only give the movie a 2 out of 10. The acting was awful, the story was terrible, the directing was terrible and the cinematography was absolutely terrible.  It is a complete waste of time and money, and I would advise anyone not to waste their time on it at all, because it is just a complete failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very impressed with the movie, but the end, the end was really just a disaster. The plot was too weak to pull off a plot that was supposed to be so convincing.  The movie was made in the 70s, and you would have thought that it could have been made in 2001.  It was like an episode of "The X-Files". And, unfortunately, the actors couldn't keep up with the plot or the direction. This is the worst way to make a movie. The actors are hired and then they just don't do their job.  A film cannot be made to be this weak. And, what makes it worse is the fact that this movie is going to be used for a promotional video for a movie that isn't even a bad film, but just a poor one.  I hope you don't make another one. I would have preferred to see "The Return of the Sith". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is actually a little bit worse than "The Adventures of Robin Hood". This movie is not very funny and the story is extremely dull. If you have a chance to see this film, I recommend you to skip it! There is no chance to laugh in this movie. I saw it on a VHS tape and it was just awful. The plot is extremely slow, the acting is awful, and the music is not that good either. It is just a complete waste of time. This movie should be avoided by anyone who is not a fan of Robin, or anyone who just wants to see a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is completely pointless. The actors are so terrible. And I don't mean that as a negative comment about them. I just think they are actors who do not know how to act.  The acting is so so so bad. If you want to see a boring, stupid, and unbelievable movie, this is it.  If you are expecting a movie to have a point or something to say, this movie is a waste of time.  Just stay away from this movie. I give it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie, the plot, the characters, and the plot itself is all a total mess. The acting is not the worst I have ever seen. The story is not even that interesting. It just isn't anything to write home about. I have seen better in the US and Germany. And, to be honest, I haven't seen any bad movies in the history of movies.  I don't know if the director's decision to cast the girl is just a stunt, or if the script was so awful, the girl was cast because it was better than the script.  In the end, it just didn't make any sense. There was no real plot. The movie is full of holes.  The whole movie was not very original. I think this movie was made because people were bored and didn't want to see anything else. People want a quick fix. And if it is a quick way out, then they will just do a bad script instead.  And the ending was so bad. Just unbelievable. Just ridiculous. It's not worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is the least of what the movie suffers from.  I found the film extremely boring to watch. The acting was pretty bad, the cinematography was terribly, and the music was quite repetitive.  The movie has little to offer and should have been better.    I don't think the movie was made for kids, but for adults. It's a waste of time for anyone to sit through it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second film from the director of "The Toxic Avenger", a movie I've never been able to find on DVD. There are so many flaws, it's like watching an hour and a half of crappy slapstick.  The first film, which was pretty funny, was not as good as this. And "The Acid" was not even the best of "Toxic Avenger", which was the film I was most disappointed in. "Toxicity", despite it's title, was actually just a bunch of scenes from the first film with a new title. "The Chemist", the director's first film was better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know this review is just a bit harsh, but I wanted to be fair. This is a terrible movie. I am not sure how it got such a rating on IMDb, but there is just not much to it. It looks like a video made by someone who is just trying to make a few bucks and is not a very good director. The script is very bad. It is supposed to be a horror movie, but it has no real horror in it. I cannot say for sure if it was just too stupid to make it. There are so many things wrong with it. From the first time I watched the movie, I was sick of the way it was made. The acting is awful, the writing is poor, the direction is terrible, and the editing is horrible.  I think this was made by somebody who was trying to be funny and succeeded. I know there are other movies with much better scripts, but this is just plain awful.  In spite of all this, I watched it anyway. I think it was the first horror movie I ever saw that I was completely disgusted by. The fact that it is just okay is even worse. This film has made its reputation from being made for the horror genre, so the fact that you can make a decent horror movie that isn't bad is a real shame. The original director and producer of this film should be fired immediately. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've seen in a long time. It's not funny or anything. The actors are horrible and the story doesn't make sense. It was like a bad comedy. It has the characters saying stupid things and talking to each other and acting like idiots. I mean, come on. This is like an adult-films parody of an animated show.  It's like a cartoon.  But, I was entertained. If only the director would have just told me what it was and what it wasn't. It would have been funny.   The story isn't even worth telling. You don't care. You just want to see it for the sake of seeing it. But I'll warn you...it isn't worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot has no suspense, and is a waste of time. The actors are annoying, and I'm sure there are other actors who will say the same thing.  There are no surprises. There are only three plot twists. All are predictable. And, at the end, there are a couple of "twists" that come close, but don't make up for the fact that this movie is one big "Bzzzzzzz!" of a waste.  If you want to see an old classic movie with some suspense, a good old classic film from an unknown film-maker, or a really old movie with a really lousy ending, this is NOT the movie for you.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After having seen it twice, I just want to warn everyone. The only reason why I didn't give it the "D" rating was because I didn' t like the music. But now I have a different reason for giving it the lowest rating. I just don't understand why the guy in the front row of the audience kept yelling out, "You can't do that! I'm not gonna let you do that!" And the guy who was watching the movie from the back row kept shouting out, the same thing. It's like this: You're a bad guy! You're an asshole! You know it's gonna be bad! But you're going to make it worse! It's your only chance! Don't give up! You don't have to. I know it sounds like I'm saying something, but it's true. The other two movies weren't as bad, but the "L" rating wasn't as low.  So please, for the love of god, don't give this movie the "R" rating. If you're a "L"-rated movie, then don't even bother. You'll regret it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film made to attract the young female fans. The script is so badly written, it seems the director just took out bits and pieces of the script and added the words that he wanted to be in the script. For example, the title character (Brett Dibb) gets kidnapped, and the entire plot is completely unnecessary.  If you're looking for something to watch, watch a different movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Duck & Cover", is a film I was really hoping for. I was disappointed when I found it. The story was predictable, the actors were awful and the action was so shallow that I could not find anything interesting to say. I would have liked to see a little more focus on the setting and characters and maybe a little less "chasing" action. I am not sure how the filmmakers managed to make this thing as poor as it was. This film should have been better than the other "D&C" movies which have gotten better over the years.  This film has ruined this film for me. I do not recommend watching this movie to anyone who has never seen a "Ducky & Cover" movie before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was only able to watch it once on video, so I had to see it again. The first time I watched it, I didn't even realize it was supposed to be a TV show. But the second time, I realized that it wasn't supposed to have anything to do with movies. And so it got even worse. The only redeeming factor was that I found it interesting to see some of the actors in action, and I was impressed by the fact that they were all really good actors. But I still can't believe that the writers didn't see how dumb the whole thing was, or how it could have been made better. I really feel like the show should have been cancelled.  I mean, what the hell are they doing with the camera during the fights? What's the point of showing them at all?  I'm really not sure why they made the characters look so stupid, especially in the case of the main character, which I would say is one of the most stupid-looking characters in the entire series. He's a really, really stupid guy. Why does he have to be so fat and ugly?  If you're going to watch this, don't bother.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's as bad as the first time I saw it, and the worst of the three "Rudy" movies. The plot, dialogue, and script are absolutely awful. The story is about a man who has been living on his own since he was 9, and he's now trying to raise a child, and his wife hates him for being alone.  There is no story whatsoever.  The film is so boring that I can't even remember the name of any character, so if you can find the name, PLEASE LET ME KNOW!! The plot is so weak and boring, it really doesn't even make sense. The character doesn't talk, the camera moves so fast, and it looks so boring, you don't know what the movie is supposed to be about. I mean, what is a girl doing with a guy who doesn't want to raise their kid? Why is there no music in this movie? Why doesn't she dance?  The movie has absolutely no meaning whatsoever, and there is no reason to watch it. I hate movies like this. I'm so annoyed and disgusted that this was made in 2002. There is so much better stuff out there.  Please don't make another movie about a guy and a girl who don't care about their child, because it's just plain awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A sequel to the popular "Dodgeball" movies. The plot revolves around a high school team, trying to win a game against the rival team, "The Demons." This is a poor excuse for a sports movie. There is no plot, no story, nothing that is even remotely believable. I was so bored and disgusted with this movie, I actually forgot I was watching the original Dodgeball movies. It's just a mess, which is about the worst insult I can give a movie. "DODGEBALL" should be renamed to "BORING." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the biggest disappointment I have ever had as a film-maker. I have seen films much better. I think that the only reason why this movie is so bad is because it was made for a young audience. I found the actors who played these roles very annoying. The fact that they are all children makes it even worse. I would like to see a better movie made for adults, but the only one that comes close is "The Naked Gun." This movie is just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only film I've seen this year that I can't even call it a bad film, it's just a complete waste of time, and not worth watching because of the fact that it's a Disney film.  If you're looking for something to watch with your kids, go watch something else. If you were hoping to find something good, just stay away from this film. This is an awful film, and a waste of a few hours of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was nothing but an insult to the fans of the movies and to me as a fan of those movies. The movie had no story, and the acting was awful. I don't mean to sound negative but this movie made me feel like I had to sit through all the boring scenes just to get to the end. And even then I wasn't able to enjoy it because it was so slow and boring. And the music was awful and it ruined the movie for me.  The acting was so bad that it's actually hard to believe that they actually made this movie. Even the director didn't have much to work with, and I mean that in a positive way.  If you want a good movie that you will have to sit and sit and watch for an hour and a half, just don't bother. Just stay out of it.  I give this movie a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a big fan of this movie, but it's very entertaining to watch.  But unfortunately, it falls short of the original game's standards. It's not funny and it's not particularly well-made. The music is pretty good, however.  I don't know what it's supposed to be in the first place, but that's what I can tell you about this movie: It's nothing like the game. The gameplay in the original is much better, the music is better, and the graphics are better. But this movie is awful. It has absolutely nothing to do with the original, so why should you even bother trying to get into it? This movie isn't even worth trying to play, you'd be better off just getting a copy of the game itself, that way you could play it again and enjoy the experience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is filled with cheesy, badly acted and overly dramatic music and direction. In fact, it's so bad it's almost enjoyable to watch.  The only redeeming quality in the movie is the "bitter-tender" music of the music-group the Gossip.  However, that's about all you get from this. It's pretty much just a copy and paste of "A Hard Day's Night" (or "A Man Is Hard to Find"). And it's just a waste of time.  A better movie for someone who wants to see a movie that's actually entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe how so many people saw this film and thought it was good. I've never been a fan of the movies where you need to know all the details about the person who plays the main character (except for the really creepy ones like "The Silence of the Lambs" where you have to know everything about the main characters). And I just felt cheated when I had to watch this movie. I wish I had a video tape of it, I'm sure it would be more entertaining than it is.  I was expecting a really good movie. It wasn't.  And if you have a bad time, just watch "The Adventures of Robin Hood". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so angry and confused when I first saw this movie. I'm not usually the type to watch this kind of stuff, but when I found it I decided to give it a shot because I was curious to see how a comedy would get a positive review from a non-cringe fan. It just didn't happen.  It wasn't funny, it didn't even have a story line, and it didn' t make me laugh even once. This is not a comedy. It is a bunch of fart jokes. The first thing I thought was "what? I'm just watching it for the fart jokes" and then I got mad at myself for watching it and I thought I should have seen a comedy instead. Then I watched it again and I still don't know what it is, but I can't seem to stop watching it. It's so bad it makes me feel sick. It was so bad that it made me want to just watch nothing at all. It has such bad, low-budget, generic jokes and one line in particular that really hurt my feelings.  If you are a comedy buff and you're looking for a comedy you'll be disappointed. You'll be able to laugh about it, but that doesn't mean you'll like it. This was just a waste of time. It made me angry and depressed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a bit of fun to be had with this film. The characters don't seem to be fleshed out enough to give us much of a sense of who they are, or why they're in the war. They come off as bland and clichd, the way most films with a plot tend to do. The cinematography is so bad that it's actually quite refreshing to watch in comparison to a more professional production. The film itself isn't even interesting enough to justify being watchable. It's just a big, stupid mess of a waste of time. It doesn't even make sense that the main character is such a coward. He has to kill people all the time, so what's the point of not killing people? And why would he be a coward in the first place? It's like he's being asked to give a reason for why he kills people. He doesn't. And he doesn't care that his own family, and his friends, will be killed because of his cowardice.  It would be so much better if this film was actually a series of shorts. But if you've got nothing to watch, just keep on watching this one and get over it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how the film made it to release in Europe, but the fact that it is being distributed on video, in a low-budget way, is a good sign. It has to be a bad film to have some decent editing and good effects, but this is an extremely amateurish film. The whole film has an awkward, low-grade, and very amateurish feel. The action scenes are poorly edited, and they do not make the slightest bit of sense (for instance, when the guy is trying to kill a guy in the back of the head). The acting is mediocre and the story is quite stupid, although it is better than most of the amateur films that I have seen. The only thing I liked about the film was the fact it had a really low budget. The music is awful, the sound effects are a bit annoying, and there is one scene where a car gets smashed, but not much more.  The film is about 20 minutes long and there are at least 6 of the characters that don't look any different than their usual, or they don't seem to be people at all. It's a sad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I love all the Harry Potter movies, but this one just goes down right to the bottom. It's so bad that it's almost funny. It has some good bits in it, but I can't say the rest. The whole movie was a complete waste of my time. It was very obvious that they had no clue what they were doing. It looks like they made this as a DVD extra to sell to the fans of the Harry Potter movies, and just thought it would be cool to make a DVD extras. It should have been made into a DVD and not released as a complete movie.  The acting was bad, and the writing was terrible. This movie should have stayed in the bin. I know that it would have been fun to see them trying to make it better, but in the end they didn't do it.   This was an utter waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are two kinds of people in this world - those that know what they are getting themselves into and those that don't.  The problem is, they both expect that this film is going to be as good as a movie starring Kevin Bacon. They can only wish that it wasn't so. It isn't. It's just a bad, poorly made film from the same producers that made "Pair of Dicks".  The actors don't even have their own lines, which is so disappointing.  A couple of minor spoilers. In the beginning of the film, the main character is introduced as the son of a wealthy couple who have a child with a young girl from the family. They are also living in a house with a dog. However, they only own a house, a car, and a motorcycle. They have a very good relationship with each other and have two daughters.  In the middle of the movie, we are shown a picture of a couple having sex - the wife is naked, but the husband is wearing a condom. The wife's back is to the camera - she is naked. The husband is about to have sex, and the husband's back to the screen. The camera turns around, revealing that the husband only has his penis. But it's still covered with a condom - he isn't wearing it. So, we can only assume that the man is only wearing a rubber when he's getting it done.   After the couple's son is murdered by his dad, the two get involved with the main villain. They hire an old man, who is not an old person, to get them back the money they lost. This is where the film gets completely lost. It gets even more stupid, and I'm surprised the writers even bothered to make it that way. They just kept saying things that sounded like gibberish to the point where the movie became incomprehensible. I can only imagine how this could have gone so wrong.  Overall, the film is very poorly directed, very badly written, and extremely poorly acted. I really don't know why the makers even bothered. This movie should have just been a $5 video movie and I would have just gotten it for free. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has got to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is not even funny. It does not have much to say about any type of humor. It's just a bunch of guys yelling and swearing.  The movie does have a few funny moments though, but not enough to save it from being a terrible movie.  One of the main jokes was about a car wreck in a movie theater and how a guy gets out of the car and then a car explodes behind him. It was supposed to be funny, but it wasn't. It didn't even make sense and I laughed at it like 10 times. It should have been at least 30 seconds long.  Another joke was about how a movie is supposed to get you to laugh, but instead it just made me want to huddle in my corner and cry.  It should be on the IMDb, it's not on the DVD, it isn't even listed on the web site. It made me sad.  This is an awful movie and I would not recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on a DVD, but it didn't make sense at all. The acting was awful, and I could only make out the dialogue on the DVD. I was even convinced that the actors were actually in the movie. This movie is so poorly written and acted, that I don't even think that it's a real movie.  If you want to see some good horror movies, go out and rent a few of these films instead of buying the DVD (you can get it at the DVD shop, in case you have no idea what a horror movie is). This movie doesn't even have a plot, and the director's attempt at telling a horror story is so amateurish that I'm shocked that the film even got made.  The special effects are a little over the top (for a movie from 1984) but they don't add much to the movie, since the movie was a waste of time at all, and it looks absolutely awful. The special FX sequences are a complete waste of money. You don't need special effects to scare people, you just need to make sure that the audience is scared, and that the director can scare them.  I recommend that people not waste their time on this movie, and don't waste any more time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a disgrace to the entire genre. It has no originality. Its not funny, not moving, and certainly not original. It is not even an original horror film. The only horror film I have seen that was this awful is the recent "Shakesville". I can't believe they even made this crap. I was looking forward to seeing this movie, but it turned out to be a horrible waste of time. I wish that I had never seen this film. It was not funny or even entertaining, it was a waste of money. I don't want to see any more horror films until the genre is left alone. This was the worst horror movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like the sequel to the "Rip Van Gogh", with an all-too-satisfying, yet predictable twist that the film only adds to its already dismal reputation. This time around, it was about a bunch of old people who were in an isolated place where their own personal histories were made to make sense of what they had witnessed. And there's a killer in it! The film has no direction at all and no sense of any story whatsoever. The characters are totally disconnected from the story itself and it's just plain boring.  I'm a fan of "Rumpelstiltskin" (not really) but this film had nothing to offer me.  In fact, it didn't even make me want to rent the movie - which is ironic considering how terrible it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a remake of a horrible movie "The Blob". The movie was made in 1995, and I remember seeing the movie at a midnight showing of "The Amadeus Amoeba", in France. I had no idea what was going on, and the plot was incomprehensible, so I kept watching until I had to turn it off. The story is that a group of men who call themselves "The Cult" have gone missing, and a bunch of them (most of them are in their late 40s and early 50s) have come back from the depths of the ocean. The Cult has a secret agenda, and it's a pretty obvious plot. I don't even know what they want, but I assume it will end up in some sort of apocalyptic disaster. I never liked the original movie, but it's not a bad remake. I'm not sure what they used to make it, but what a bunch. If you are a fan of the original "TheBlob", it is a must watch, but if you are looking for a decent horror movie, you will not find anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand how this movie made it to this level of crap. This movie was just a very long, boring, tedious way to kill the time, without much of a plot. The acting was really bad. This could have been a decent flick had it been directed by someone who could actually get a few lines out of the script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie looks like a bad action flick made in the 70's. I know some people have said that this is a remake of "Babylon 5", but this movie really isn't a remake at all. It's just a lame, boring, overrated action movie that isn't even that good. I really wish they would've made this movie in the early 2000's instead of the late 90's. It would have been interesting, but that would have required more than a 10 year stretch to the 2000's. This movie just makes me want to get rid of it.  It's also not that good in the plot, which is a real shame because it would have really improved the movie. The action is just horrible and boring, and the acting is just so bad. The only reason I actually enjoyed this movie was because of the special effects. If you're a fan of Sci-Fi action movies, like "Bastard's Revenge", then I would definitely recommend you skip this movie. This is a movie that has a few decent parts, but it just isn't that good, and it's just one of those movies where I would have expected the actors to get better. The special effects were pretty cool, but I'm glad I never saw "Bubble Buddies" because I really hated that movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't get over the fact that this movie had to be made.  It's so stupid. It's like the writer took a dump on his own creation and just wanted to say that it's not a complete waste of time. It looks like a rushed, poorly thought out, and poorly shot attempt at making a horror movie. The acting is just awful. The only thing I liked was the music, the way it was mixed. The sound effects were too loud for the actors. I felt that the only reason why they weren't at a negative 2 is because of the killer themselves, because they didn't do it justice. The plot is so weak and so poorly written.  In all honesty I just can't take this movie seriously. I just wanted it to be a waste of my time.  The only good thing about this movie is that it could've been a very entertaining and creative concept. If it was a horror flick, it would've been so much better. I'm not saying this because I'm a fan of the horror genre, but I think this movie would've made an interesting movie. It just didn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only movie I've ever seen that's made me feel like I've been let down. I just can't get over how poorly it was made, or how the story line was handled. I don't know what went on behind the scenes, but it just made me not care about the film. The acting was awful. It was like one of those "The Simpsons" movies. The dialog was stupid and the humor was awful and it was just a waste of my time. This was such a bad flick, that I think it deserves an F. It's just so pointless. I wish someone would make the sequel. I'd watch it, just to see what would happen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty typical low-budget comedy from the late 60's - early 70's, with very little character development and little originality. A lot of the acting seems forced, although not really. But the humor is quite predictable and predictable in the end, and the movie never has a very convincing plot. I guess this movie was intended to be a showcase for the talent of this movie's director. In the end the movie simply feels like a waste of time. There are few scenes that make any sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has so many problems that I could easily fill a page with them all. I found myself sitting through the whole thing with my eyes closed, and the first part was completely uninteresting. I kept watching and then I had to hit the fast forward button, and I lost interest in the movie after about the second half. The first part had the worst dialogue I have ever heard. The second half was not even a quarter as good. I would have been fine with a decent script but the script was not very well written, and there were so many plot holes and inconsistencies. The entire movie is a waste of time.  The actors were not good either, but the directing was OK. There are so many flaws and flaws that the movie could have been a decent low budget film if the actors had not been so bad. I gave this movie an 8 because it was really bad and I really don't know what the rating is supposed to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what happens when the director and co-writer are in their twenties. No talent, no direction, no plot, no ideas, and no direction. The only thing to come from this is the fact that they managed to get it made. If you've seen this film, then I have to assume you are not a serious moviegoer.  If you are interested in seeing this film in its original form, then you can see it on DVD, or on DVD and VHS (I'm guessing you can find a copy on the net). If you want to see this film and you're not interested in the script, then don't waste your time.  The movie is boring, and the actors are the only reason why the movie stays as a "B" grade. The characters are stupid, and their dialogue is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, I could watch it for hours, and not even get halfway through it. The plot is so uninteresting and un-original, that even a small child could figure out the plot. There is no conflict, or even a hint of conflict in the story, save for one or two scenes that are clearly staged. In one scene the wife is being beaten up by her husband, and the husband gets away. It is obvious that they staged the scene, and I wonder why they even bothered to make it.  What's worse is that the movie was directed by someone who couldn't do a movie without lots of visual distractions. There are so many times when the camera zooms out of the action, or just sits there, and then moves back in to frame the action again. This was clearly not a professional film. And, for all the time it took me to finish watching it, I barely got through one scene.  Oh, and it's not just the plot; the acting is bad. A few people may like this movie, but I'm sorry to say that I'm not one of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My husband and I saw this movie on the cable channel Comedy Central.  We were laughing at the script, the direction and the acting (except for the actor playing the father of the "squeaky voice" character). We were surprised when it aired as a live special in the US. And we were surprised again when it was aired on the UK version of Comedy Central, because the Brits are so used to "real" comedy shows that they don't care for it.  This film is nothing more than a bunch of bad jokes that are so bad that I actually laughed, when I saw them on the US version of the channel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has one of the worst acting performances I've ever seen. There's not a word in the movie that has any meaning. Even the title sounds like it has some meaning.  The story revolves around the story of a man named Paul and his relationship with a woman named Michelle, who is played by Jennifer Beattie. Paul wants to get rid of his mother and get married to Michelle, so he hires Michelle to work for him. But he doesn't tell Michelle the reason why he hired Michelle. He uses Michelle to get revenge on his father and his sister. And then Michelle goes on the job because she is so hot that she doesn't care if she gets fired. The movie ends with Michelle's character being caught cheating on Paul. And the ending is just awful. Paul gets arrested for cheating and Michelle is caught cheating. And there's no explanation for the situation other than the fact that Paul cheated. And that's all that happened in the story.  I don't recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a bad comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just a total waste of time. It just didn't feel like there was any real storyline or anything at all. The cast was bland and uninteresting, the script was so badly written and the special effects were so terrible, you just didn'T get any enjoyment out of them. This is probably one of the worst horror movies I have ever seen. It was probably the worst of all of the movies I saw at this year's festival. It has the worst special effects ever seen on a horror movie, and it was just awful to watch.  The acting was bad. The acting in this movie was so bad that I would have thought the director was not good at acting. I think this was the first horror movie I have seen where the actors didn't make the effort to get the audience to care. If you are looking for a horror flick with a good cast and a good script, go to a horror film festival. If the special effect is a little too much for you, watch the Saw movies instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an absolute disappointment. The script was dreadful. The acting was so wooden, so over-acted, so unimpressive. It was really a waste of time. The plot was utterly ridiculous. It didn't even make sense, and I felt sorry for the actors. I was just a bit too bored with the story to enjoy the film.  I would have given it an 8. It might have been worse if they had actually used the actors in the film, but there was no point. They should have left them out.  The special effects were very, very poor, and they didn't make a difference to the film at all.  As for the sound, I can't think of anything better to say than that I hated it. The sound was so badly mixed and it sounded so amateurish. I found it even more annoying than the story, and that was the worst thing about the film... I was so bored with it that I would even give the movie a 1.  This is an extremely boring film, which really only made me feel worse for the producers, because they had made a film which was so bad it didn't seem to have any meaning, and yet it was so disappointing. I thought they should have done something better, like the special effects, because that would have helped them get the film into the minds of the audience.  If you want a bad film, just watch the first three minutes of the first episode of The Simpsons, which is so far better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad, the plot is weak, the storyline is predictable and so are the characters. The movie's storyline is so predictable and boring that it's just another boring, predictable "movie".  This movie is so poorly made that the actors actually thought the audience wouldn't notice.  I really don't understand why the producers decided to include such a lame plot line. The entire film seemed to have been made just to make a quick buck and not really to make the movie a great movie.   I think the whole movie could have been avoided with some better directing and editing. The acting was so poor that I actually laughed out loud when I saw it. It was so awful that I had to force myself to finish watching it. I don't think anyone would have gotten through the entire movie without it being overbooked. This movie should have been titled "Dumb Dumb Movie".  The plot was so stupid that even the writers could not follow through. I wonder how many people are going to watch this movie and think the actors are idiots.  This is just another waste of time and money. This is an extremely boring movie that the producer put together to make some quick cash. There was no real plot to the movie. The only reason for the story was that they thought the movie would get ratings and they got a 2.5 rating because the movie was "dumb".   This "movie" was so dumb that even I had no clue what was going on in it. When I asked the director if he was an idiot for putting in such a ridiculous story, he said that the story is so stupid, that you wouldn't even notice. If you are going buy a DVD of this movie, buy a cheap DVD of a bad comedy.  The movie is only 2/10 and the story should have got a 10. I gave it a 0 because I could see the movie's premise, but not the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a classic example of bad science fiction. The script is too long, and the script is very predictable.  I have seen this film many times before, but each time I was able to see it in a different way. I saw this film as a kid, and then I saw it again as an adult. I can't explain how it became so horrible.  If you are looking for an entertaining, low-budget, cheesy, science fiction film, you will be disappointed.  The only saving grace of this film is that it is about a young girl with some talent, but it is not the director's intention that she becomes a hero.  It's a pity the whole thing was made by someone who was so young when he made this movie, and who had no idea what the hell he was doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just another reason why I can't like this series. I mean, what is the point of it? A bunch of kids in a playground is just boring, but it's OK because it's kid friendly. However, there's nothing that can make the series watchable. The story is the most boring of the series and it's a total waste of time.  There are also some inconsistencies in the plot. It seems that a few people died, but we're not told. This is probably to save time, since there is no point to kill anyone. But it's not necessary. The movie is a waste of money.  A few scenes of blood is OK, but nothing more.  The only good part is the animation. The characters are alright, but the whole movie is an uninspired mess. The whole thing just makes me think that a studio was really hoping that people would pay money for a trashy series that they would never see. But I guess they didn't count on me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of poorly made, cheaply made and poorly directed films in a row! Not to mention a bunch of actors and actresses with absolutely nothing to do and even worse lines. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  There's nothing special about this one. It's not a bad film, but it's nothing to write home about. It looks so cheap and uninteresting. It also lacks a few of the great movie moments of the late 70s and early 80s.  I saw this at the local multiplex and watched it in a dark room with a bunch people around me. I did not have any fun at all watching it.  The story is about a man who was shot during the last war and has been haunted by the guilt of killing other soldiers. He's got a son who doesn't seem to like his dad. The son is being raised in the woods, and eventually the father comes back to the woods to kill him.  This is a very cheap and poorly made movie that doesn't even deserve to be called a movie. It is nothing but cheap and unwatchable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so bad, I can't even remember what happened in the story, but I'm guessing that's because it's so badly written. It should be called "The Bad Movie: The Worst Movie Ever." But if you are really desperate for a film about a crazy, violent, and boring, you'll be tempted to watch this movie. But even if you get the movie, there is no guarantee of what is going to happen. The story is so unbelievable, the characters so one-dimensional, and the story so confusing that I'm not even sure who the villain is. This movie would make the "Nightmare" look like a comedy. I would warn you that if you watch this film, you will want to stay away from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so awful, it was as if it was made by a man who has had a few drinks and forgot what he is making. It is as if the writer wanted to make a funny and thought that it would be a hit. Unfortunately the director, Daniel Guerra, has made one of the worst films I have ever seen. The acting was horrible and the story had no real point or motivation. The film was about as funny as the "The Naked Mile" or "Catch Me If You Can". I don't think any director could make a movie that was so devoid of a point, with no real payoff. The plot could have been better.  The cinematography was poor and the actors were so annoying, that they made me feel sick. I would have felt much better if the film had been better, but it was so bad that I was actually sick. The worst part of this film is that the script was so shallow that it seemed as if Guerra wanted to cash in on the success of "The Hangover". It was not a comedy, it did not even have a beginning, middle, or end. It was just a mess. If you enjoy anything that was made before the "Rambo" film came out, don't waste your time watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie with a bad plot, but I guess that is what is so exciting about the film.  The first half of the film is really bad, the characters are bland, there is absolutely nothing to do except the usual 'kill people', and then there is a long chase sequence where the heroes are always chased by their pursuers who are always chasing them. The end of the movie is even worse.  I saw this movie because I'm a fan of the video games. I found it hard to believe that this was the first video game movie I'd ever seen. I know that this movie was made for the sole purpose of selling a video game video game, but that is not enough reason to waste my time watching it. The only reason I saw it was because I liked the video game so much. I was hoping that the movie would be as good as the video itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is very poor, the script is very, very poor. I would never watch this movie without giving it a 2 star rating because I am not a fan of horror movies.  The only good thing about this movie was the director. I am surprised that he even made this movie. If he had not made it he would have been out of a job.  I think that this movie is about as scary as it is supposed to be. This is probably the worst horror movie I have ever seen. I think it should have been a 2. If you like horror movies and don't care about the plot, don't watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what was going on with this production. I think the script was OK but the acting was not so good. The only thing I can think about is that it was released during a time when there were several films made with that theme. I would have been better off looking at the DVD and seeing if the film was available on DVD. I just think that it should have been made a long time ago, just like "Frogman's Revenge". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this at the last BNU screening and had to wait over half an hour before the curtain was opened. When I finally got my chance to see it, it turned out to be nothing of the sort. The director's attempts to make the film seem more cinematic were just so so weak and the plot was so thin, it's no wonder he had to keep editing it.  In the end, it was just a bunch of cheap lines of dialogue. There were no characters to care about and no real story. The only redeeming quality was the ending, which left me with the impression that the director didn't care about the story at all.  So, if you're looking for a movie to see but don't care much for the characters, just steer clear. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a complete waste of time. It takes no interest in the events and is devoid of the necessary twists and turns of a real film. The only thing it has going for it is that the actors are good, although the direction is terrible. This film just isn't worth the viewing. There is a lot of footage of cars and motorcycles, but the plot is nothing more than a series of events and a few twists and turnarounds that could be told with a little more thought. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget, poorly edited film that fails to convey any meaningful plot, characters or humor.  It's just a bunch of people doing nothing interesting in a studio that should not be producing films.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what a movie was supposed to be. And that is quite the shame, because a few of the people involved with this production had their hands on the movie. So the only thing I can say about this movie is that it is awful. It's like watching an actor playing a movie who doesn't have the skills to pull off a decent performance. If you can't understand what's going on, don't bother watching it. I'll never watch another movie about a movie that has no redeeming qualities, because I know what they are trying to do.  The story is pretty good, but the acting is weak, and the directing was so horrible I actually felt sick to my stomach watching it over and over. The music is not bad, but there's really nothing else to say about it, and you might as well just leave it alone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason why I made it to the end of this movie was because I was bored. It's like a boring movie that has a lot of really bad actors, but it's actually a bad film with a very bad movie plot. It seems to have been made by a really cheap studio and it has nothing to do with the movie's main theme.   If you don't like the film, go ahead and ignore it. If you do like the movie, don't watch it. I can't imagine a movie being better than this one. I don't know what the producers were thinking, because they were probably thinking that this movie would be better as a TV series. I'm not kidding, because the TV series that was made with this movie is a really terrible TV show.  In the meantime, enjoy this movie only as a way to get the credits of a movie that I actually liked, but was made by someone who made it cheaply. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got to this film on a late night, and was instantly bored. Not because I was bored with the previous film, but because I wanted to see a sequel to "Das Abendrotter", only this time it wasn't as good. I guess the director thought that I would enjoy this film, because the film looked like a film with a low budget. It had a very basic story and plot, and it seemed like the actors could barely get it together. It felt like they had wasted the money they had made on the previous films, and then decided to remake it. The actors were all good, but none of them were able to make a movie worthy of the title. I have no interest in seeing this film again, and I would be surprised if the actors or director will ever see the light of day. I would like to see it as a comedy, because there is nothing in the script that would have made a director believe that a film would be funny, let alone be good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of time and I do not know how the people in it managed to find it so that they would waste their time watching it. I cannot understand how people with brains, let alone brains that can watch movies, can watch this. This movie has nothing to do with the movie it's name suggests.  There are three parts of this movie, the first one being the story of a young girl, who was a victim of sexual abuse and a young boy, who is the victim of abuse. The boy, due to his sexual abuse, becomes violent, and the girl, due her sexual abuse in the past, starts to abuse the boy and is killed by the killer, who kills the boy. The movie's first half is not interesting enough to be worth your time, but its second half, where the boy kills the girl after she has been raped, is a piece of crap. The girl dies from the abuse and her death is so gruesome and unbelievable that you just want to turn off the movie. The whole movie is just a waste, because it doesn't even make sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a little too obvious to say what the film is supposed to be about; but that's the problem with most "Hollywood" productions these days. The producers, directors and writers are so desperate to make money that they're willing to waste the time of their actors and the viewer by trying to come up with a coherent plot.  This is one of the worst attempts I've ever seen at this genre. I didn't really care for the plot; I was just annoyed by the complete lack of effort. The only redeeming point of the movie was that it showed us an attractive actress in the role of a prostitute. The other "sexy" movie in this genre is "Pretty Woman". It's been around since 1975, and was considered a great success until it was released in 1996, when it suffered a severe decline in the box office. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was at first very surprised to see this film on the list, but I guess it's quite popular among the "cute kids" and "cocoon" crowd. I was not a big fan of the film, but this time I found it to be completely worthless. It's just plain boring, without any humor, just a bunch of people sitting around. I mean, just sitting around, talking to each other. There's no characters that are developed, they just sit there. And the music isn't great either. The story was not particularly interesting and there's no humor to it either.  It's pretty much a "let's watch people sitting together and not talking, because it's so cute" film.  This film has no plot and no real character development. I don't think it's worth watching, and you can probably read more reviews about this film elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was so boring and uninteresting that I found myself walking out of the theater because I was so bored. The only thing that was entertaining was the music video of a female singer playing a keyboard that sounded exactly like a guitar solo. I don't know why the soundtrack is so boring but it was at least entertaining. The other performances were so annoying that I would have thrown it out had I been a person who actually liked musicals. The acting was so bad that I was tempted to give up and watch the original movie instead. I found the plot too predictable and there were so many unnecessary and unnecessary characters that I almost gave up on the film. If you're looking for a movie that you won't enjoy at all, this is probably not the movie for you. If however you are looking for some good, unmemorable, and over-the-top musicals, you're in luck. You will have fun and I promise you that this movie will be more entertaining than the original, but I think it will also be more irritating. I can't imagine what it would be like if the musical numbers were actually good.  The music videos weren't that interesting either, but maybe that was just because they were so boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My husband and I both saw this movie when we were children. We remember seeing the opening credits and being baffled as to why anyone would ever make such a movie. The movie itself is awful. The acting was horrible, and the story line was so far off-track that I had to read the credits to figure out how the plot was supposed to be connected to the movie. We laughed at the story, and at the time, I didn't even know what the movie was about, so I didn't know how to enjoy it. However, years later, when I saw it in the theater, I realized that the movie wasn't much better than an hour of TV. The plot was stupid, the acting was awful, and so much of the movie looked like it was filmed on a Super 8 camera.  The script was awful.  There are only so many times I can find myself saying the word "waste" in my life.  I saw this, and I didn' t care, because the movie sucked. It was just a total waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a good movie with a few surprises and a bit of comedy, but instead of that I got an hour of tedium and boring dialogue. And the movie was full of a bunch of stupid mistakes that would make a good TV show, except that they weren't funny. I don't know what they were thinking. I guess they were trying to be funny, but it was so dull I thought it would end up being an American version of the Japanese film, "The Red Rocked Angel".  It's an odd kind of movie. A lot of scenes were in the same order in both the US and the UK version. It's odd because the British version has much more of the same, but also has a lot more humor in it. "Red Rocked" is funnier than "Duel of the Black Knights", which is what this movie was compared to. The only funny part was the guy talking about how he lost the lottery. I'm pretty sure that in this movie there are two people who win the lottery twice.  I give it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, the plot doesn't make sense. It is as if the author just made up this story as he was, without any real thought to it, without even trying to be as inventive as a writer. Also, there's really no reason for all the references to other films, because they don't even make sense and really could have been done without.  Then, there is the characters. It's obvious that they didn't even take the time to understand the character, let alone the story. For example, when one of the main characters is killed, it is almost like they had no idea that it was happening, or they didn' know how to feel about it, let's say. This is a waste of time. It should have been at least 10 times longer.  Also, it really doesn't get you to think. It doesn't seem like anyone is having a good time in it. It feels like they just made this movie to be a cheap thrill. But it's just a bunch of characters, that are the same as any other movie.  There are other problems with it, but I'll just stop now.  The ending is really lame and the story doesn't even end well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a better movie but it's not a movie. It's a very slow and boring movie that was not really well thought out. The plot is predictable and the characters were boring. There are no scenes that I could understand. I could tell you everything about the movie but I wouldn't even remember what I just said. There were so many things that were left out. It was a slow, boring movie and it was just about the worst movie I've ever seen. I really hope that the director and the writer of this movie can change their ways. If they don't, I'll be the first to write about a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea for this movie was a great idea, but the execution was a complete mess.  It's as if this was an early draft of a bad script. The actors were all bad. The movie has very little originality. It was boring to sit through.  The movie would have been better if it wasn't so ridiculously long.  One of the few redeeming features of this movie is the fact that it was directed by the director of this very forgettable movie "Loser".  The only thing I can say is that if the movie is a remake of "Bubble", then "Buble" should be called "Broom". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not even worth talking about this film, it's just an utter embarrassment. There's no reason to make it as a comedy, there's no story and no reason for the characters to act the way they do. The plot is so convoluted and the script so uninspired that the director could have done without it, and I wouldn't even blame him. If you want to see a comedy you can find some of the more recent comedies on the cable channel Comedy Central.  The only redeeming point of this film is the characters, and the fact that they are supposed to be funny and not that pathetic bunch of actors that they were in the original series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching this movie, I would not have expected it to be anything but an awful film. It was one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. If you are looking for a cheap laugh, then this is a good movie for you. It has nothing to do with anything and everything to do. I gave it 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made to get people into the theater. Not one person in the theater, not one person was satisfied. There was no story, no emotion, no real character development, no meaning. There were just some scenes that were OK.  It's very disappointing to see such a cheap effort made in the making. It was not worth the time and effort. I felt like I was watching the movie with my teeth grinding. I saw the director and the writer trying to make it better, but it wasn't really. It's not worth seeing a movie just because the director says it's going to be great. It could have been done much better.  I would like to say that I am not a big fan of this movie because it was poorly made, but I wish I could give it an 8/10.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a movie expert but I thought that it was pretty bad. I saw it with my kids and was not amused at all. It has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. My kids were not amused, and I did not get anything from it. It was like a one hour TV show for the "young" audience. I'm guessing the actors are just making the movies they know they have a lot of money to make and are desperate for something they can't do themselves.  I really think the only way this movie will get a positive review is if it makes you laugh. But if you're looking for a movie to get you through the winter, this is not it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is just plain awful, the direction is so flat and it seems as though the actors just got caught up in making the movie as it was going on, rather than making it as it really was, so the end result isn't so much a film, but more a series of vignettes of some of the cast members doing their thing without a plan.  The film has all the potential of the best 'cutesy' comedies ever made, but when it is actually made, it just seems like a waste of money.   The only saving grace is that it contains a few moments of decent humour, such as a couple in the bedroom having sex, and a few other scenes that are worth seeing, but in the end, there's nothing there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand how the movie was made and why it's not on this list. It's basically just one long long line of actors trying to make a joke. The movie is not funny, it's just very annoying to watch. It was very obvious that the writers weren't serious and thought this movie could be made into a movie. They obviously didn't understand the movie genre and didn't know how to make it funny. The actors were not funny either, in fact, they were very annoying.  I'm sure this movie will be made and will have very low ratings because it's so awful and it shows how far we have fallen. This movie is so awful that the only thing it's worth laughing at is the idea that people actually enjoy watching the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a lot of things that are wrong with this film: the main character (Kathryn Schulz) is an alcoholic and not a very attractive woman, the movie lacks humor (it's too funny), the movie is so boring and the dialogue is so wooden that I felt like I was watching a script that was made for TV instead of being made for the screen. I give it 1 out of 10 because I gave the other two movies in the "Worst of the Year" category a 10, but I'm not sure if I can give this film a score lower than 10 because the movie was made in 2001, and because this movie does not even have the excuse of being the worst of the year.  If you like watching movies that are a few hours long and have a big budget, then this movie is a good choice to watch for a quick movie fix. If you want a movie that has a lot more action and less humor than what Kathryn Schulz is offering, then don't buy this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first two movies I ever saw were of this sort. They are not funny, they are not even good, they just were not a bad watch.  Now, I'm going to give it 3 stars because I don't know how to rate this, but I really wanted to like it, and I think it's a waste of time.  The plot is extremely predictable, the story is so predictable it makes it impossible to care about anything, and the movie just goes downhill from there.   The acting is also very wooden. I'm not sure what they were watching, but it was not entertaining. There was one scene in particular where they were playing basketball and I just could not believe it.  My main complaint is that the director is actually the same person who made the first two "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" movies, so the whole thing is sort of predictable. It was so predictable I couldn't even tell which movie was which, and it wasn't really worth watching. I just felt that this was a waste because it didn't even feel like it had much of anything to do with "Battlestar Galactica".  As an aside, if you really want to see this movie, it is available on DVD and on DVD-R, and you can see the original two "Clueless" movies if you are willing to pay more than $10 to see them. If you have a hard time seeing this movie because you're already familiar with the characters and plot, then by all means skip it. If it's your first time seeing a terrible "B Buffy the Vampire", it's better to just avoid it all together. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an attempt to re-release an 80's movie without the actors and the original theme song.  Unfortunately, the result is an over-dubbed version of the movie with a soundtrack that's nothing but the original songs that are not in the original.  The original movie was about an aspiring singer who goes to the movies in order to make her dreams come true.  However, after the movie, the character has nothing left to do. The rest of the film is about her trying to win back her ex-boyfriend (played by Gary Daniels) who she had left in the movie. She does, but it's all pretty much just filler and the plot never develops.  Some of the actors were good, others were awful. I wouldn't recommend this movie for kids or young people who want to see movies without any real story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen. The story is boring, the acting is terrible, the editing is awful, and the acting isn't really believable. The only thing that made it work was the music. I just wanted to give it a 1/10 because I really don't like horror movies with a soundtrack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is just a cheap, poorly acted, poorly directed and extremely predictable film which contains absolutely no plot. The characters are completely uninteresting and the movie never even tries to be interesting by having a story.  I thought it was a joke until the end and the ending, which had no connection to the first part of the film, made it feel like a waste of a couple of hours.  The plot seems to have been done in a rush because the producers had so much time to put in the plot elements. I have seen better movies made with more time and effort.  This was an utter disappointment. The plot was a waste, the acting was terrible and the director seemed to have no idea what he was doing.  If you want a mindless, poorly-made horror film and you can stomach the lack of story, I suggest you skip this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had no interest in this movie and I was about 10 years old when I saw it. I'm a little old for the movies and I don't remember this one. I can only think of it as the worst movie ever made. It has a very cheesy title, very stupid plot and a boring ending. I remember one girl who was in the theater at the time saying how she wanted to kill herself. It was a really lame movie and the only redeeming feature was the actors and the sound effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping for a funny movie that was at least a little bit interesting. But I got something much less. A dull, dull, dumb, dull movie. I don't know why anyone would ever give a movie like this a positive review, but I thought it was a decent enough movie. But, what's worse is that it's one of the few that doesn't feature a single really funny line. It's just boring and awful. The only way you can tell it's a bad comedy is that the characters are stupid. It really is the worst, and I can't even begin to explain how anyone could find it funny. There are moments where you can laugh, but not because it's funny, but because it makes you think about life and death and how you want it to end. But the movie's too short to make it worth seeing.  I wish the writers and directors had gone to Harvard. The best movies I've seen are those that make you care about the characters and make you laugh at their stupidity, not because they are funny. I really don't understand how anyone can make this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise sounds like a cheesy horror film. A girl is haunted by a killer, and she must kill him or she will die. If she kills him and he is alive when she is caught, she will have the chance to kill him again. The story isn't bad. The acting is not good, but it is not bad.  The problem is the script. It is filled with so many inconsistencies and lies. One can only conclude the writer had little time to work on the script and simply got a cheap movie to use for his film. The movie was not a ghost story, it wasn't scary.  As an avid horror fan, I can only imagine the director had to look at the horror genre and think that it would not be too hard to make a horror film that people would not complain about.  All in all, a poor excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so poorly made that I have to wonder if it was even intended to be a feature film at all. The acting is terrible, the story is so far removed from reality that it is almost impossible to believe anyone could possibly have made this movie. The story, for instance, has to do with a child being "disallowed" to have sex. It isn't even clear whether this is the same child or a different one, since the parents don't mention their child's sex at all in the movie. There is no reason for this child to be "denied" sex. The movie doesn't even make sense. The characters are very stereotypical, and I could not help but find myself questioning why they were being portrayed in the way they were. It is as if someone has simply decided to make a movie about a child and put a negative spin on it. It just isn't a movie at all... the acting, the direction, the writing, the editing... all of it. If you want to see an animated movie that will entertain your kids for ten minutes, watch a cartoon.  The only redeeming feature of this movie is that it shows the fact that a lot of people who make movies don't care about anything but money. If they had cared about making a good movie, they would have cast the actors in the right roles. The actors are not cast in their best roles because they are good at playing characters. In this case, the actors did not play the roles that they were given, but rather the characters that were given to them. It's a very sad movie... a sad movie made by people who don't know how to make movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just a waste of time. I just wanted to watch the movie for the story, but was unable to because I didn't care for the characters. I did like the premise though. But it just seemed like an uninspired film with little originality.  There is no suspense or plot or character development, which makes the movie boring to watch. There are some scenes that are pretty decent, but it's just so boring. This movie isn't anything I would recommend to anyone, it's an absolute waste of your time.  The story and acting was really bad.  I just hope that the producers have a good idea on how to make a good movie. This one could have been great if it was not so boring to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film, in its original form, follows the lives of two teenagers who are the best friends of the killer who is killing off girls in their school. The killer has been a teacher in school for a long time and has been allowed to kill off his victims because they do not get into trouble.  In the film, the killer kills off girls because they have been seen making out in the girls' room. The girls do not want to kill anyone but the killer's friends. The two teenage girls' boyfriends have been in the room when the killer is killing. When the two girls are killed, the boyfriends are in the middle of the killing, having been in a trance-like state of excitement. One of the boyfriend's friends has to pretend to have been killed and is then killed. The film shows the killer killing off the boyfriend and then killing off another boyfriend who is in the same state of shock. The killers then return to their school, where they meet the girls, the one and the other, and they both kill the two other boyfriends. This is followed by a killer who kills a schoolmate and then kills off the two remaining schoolmates who were in the hall. The movie ends after the killer leaves the school. He is not killed and the film ends with the killer going into the woods to kill himself.  The movie does not have any real plot. The characters are not believable. The only good thing about the movie is that it is a good comedy. I think it was a mistake to make the movie and I am surprised that people did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really so bad it's unbelievable. I was expecting some great action, and there's nothing much to do here. But the acting is pretty good, so I won't give it a bad review.  It's so badly made, it looks so amateurish, it's so slow, and so cheesy, it makes me think it's made by someone with an extremely low budget. It's really just like a low budget version of a Hollywood action movie, with a really awful soundtrack and terrible direction and editing. It does have a few good moments, such as the chase through the woods and the fight with the giant bear, but they're so short and forgettable that I can't give this movie any credit.  If you like action movies where the characters can't move and everything just looks like it was filmed on a computer, then watch this movie, but it won't be as entertaining as watching some other low budget action movies. This is definitely a film that will get you to think twice about spending your money on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so badly made, that you would never even consider the idea of giving it a positive review, because you simply can't watch it for yourself without seeing it.  The film tries to make a positive point by showing a cute little girl in a wheelchair. It is a good idea to show a child in a wheel chair, but this film shows her in an extremely small and unbalanced room with no windows. Her parents are sitting in the front row and don't notice the wheelchair. The wheelchair itself is tiny, and the scene when the wheelchair gets up and moves is extremely awkward.  I could understand the idea behind the film, but there was simply no way I could watch the movie without being able to watch the scene through the glass.  It is sad to see this film, because it was a great idea and I would have liked to see more of it. However, I can't give this film a positive rating because the director's decision to make the film a low budget is so ridiculous that I would not have expected this film to have been made by a small indie film company. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just want to say that I had no idea what was going on until it all happened. But, I didn't even care that I was being treated like an idiot by the other people in the movie because the acting was so bad. I'm sorry I wasted an hour and a half of my life on this and I wish that I hadn't.  I watched the entire thing from start to finish, and I couldn't even understand why they even bothered. I would have been more than happy to just not have watched it at all if it wasn't so awful. I mean, it had no plot, no character development, nothing at all. It was all just wasted. I can't even imagine how anyone could have gotten their life so twisted out of control in such a way that this movie was possible. It made me want to throw the TV out the window and run to the hills.  That's what I felt.  What really pisses me off is that it was all filmed with the original camera angle and then edited into a new one with the actors looking in the same direction. How stupid was that?  I'm really disappointed because I saw the movie twice and I don't think it's possible to make a worse movie. I wish I could find out who made it and I'll pay them back. I just wish it hadn't been so easy to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've seen so far. It was bad, but it was worse than "The Last Stand". And that was a pretty big disappointment to me. "The House of Wax" had better special effects, a story, and a story. "House of Wax", on the other hand, had no story and was just plain awful. And the plot was pretty predictable and predictable at that. And let me tell you something else. If this is the movie that gets released for Halloween, I am going to eat my hat. "Shadyville", by the way, is the first in the series that was released. The other two are "The Death Cure", "The Cat", and "The Ring".  I guess the movie makers got a little bored. They didn't have enough fun.   And I really hate to admit it, but they should be ashamed of themselves. They could have easily made this movie a lot better. The acting was a little too forced, the directing was a bit shaky, the plot wasn't all that original, and the special effects weren't all-that good. If you are going to make a movie about a haunted house, you might as well make it a lot more scary. It isn't the worst horror movie ever made, but there's something wrong with that. I'm sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film so many times that I can't remember when it was first released and I have been trying to get my hands on it for years. I'm sure I can recall it better than it was in the movie theater, but I cannot recall what it was that made me decide to purchase it. What made me purchase it was the poster on the front cover, which was very graphic and sexual in nature. I don't think that the poster would have made much of a dent on a bad film. The acting was just as bad as it was on the first film and the soundtrack was terrible. It's just a bad mess. I was just hoping that the film would be a decent popcorn flick because I thought that it would be one of the better films of the summer. Unfortunately, it was anything but. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so terrible and so predictable that you'll soon lose interest in it. It is so predictable and so uninteresting that you will be bored by it. The plot is so bland that you won't even care about the characters.  I think the director is trying to be funny, but in the end, it just doesn't work. The movie was about a guy who has a heart attack (the main character). He gets to see his doctor, who is a heart surgeon, and tells him how to save people's lives. This is the plot in reverse, but the doctor's name was "Dr. Gildersleeve" (the title card in the movie says "Dr Gildorsleeve"). There was nothing funny about this movie, but you can find something funny in any movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this one in the theater, but I had to leave it on the TV to see if I could like it. I had no idea how to enjoy it, and I watched the whole thing, only to realize later that it was just too long. I think the story was not really that good, but there was no way to like it as a movie anyway. It seemed to be made to be funny only by the actor(s) and by the director(s). The movie had an interesting plot, but it was not believable. I was not able to laugh once, and it didn't make me want to watch the movie again. The plot is not much different from the one in "The Longest Yard". The only difference is that in the "Longest Yard" movie the plot is clear, but in this movie it was all foggy. I know that if you want a movie that you want to laugh about, you are going to enjoy this one and be bored. But if you don't, you will only be bored and disappointed. The story in this one was just not funny at all. There was nothing that I laughed at, and the movie made me feel so miserable.   If you like a bad comedy with no plot or anything else, go to your local video store and buy "The Worst Movie Ever" instead of "The Adventures of Captain Underpants". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this film is not that great but that is not a big problem because the acting is awful. It should have been a low budget film, it was not. I mean, there are two actors in it, a man who plays the husband, a woman who plays his wife, and a young man who played the son. I can't believe the kid was even in this film. It was a waste of time for anyone.  If you are a film buff and want to see some good low budget horror, go for it, but just don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Mafia", which is what the movie was originally titled, is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It's so awful, I don't know how to make sense of it. A guy is the mob boss, who is in love with his ex-wife, and he's not afraid of anyone, especially if he's been wronged. So, he decides to go to the airport, and when his wife calls him and tells him that she's going to go on a trip, he doesn't want to leave the airport. However, he does leave the terminal, and decides to drive into the city, and kill his enemies. The problem is that the movie takes place in a city that is totally different from NYC.  The movie has very few references to NYC. It has an entirely different feel to it, and the scenes that take place in NYC don't make any sense at all. And the movie ends up showing one of those moments when the audience can't believe that they're actually seeing the movie, because the movie is so ridiculous, that it's unbelievable. The movie should have been called "Mans Life". The characters have no character development. The action scenes are boring, and not believable. The story has no suspense. The dialogue is very, very slow. The acting is terrible. And everything is shot in a totally amateurish way, and it just looks like the actors are having trouble.  And there are a few more things that just make the movie a total disappointment. The director seems to have no idea how to actually shoot a movie. He shoots the scenes so slow that you don't notice when the camera moves from one place to another. He keeps showing people in very low light, and then when they're shot in daylight, the light just goes from bright to black. And even though it's very low budget, the movie looks very much like it. The sound is terrible, especially when it's at a nightclub, and there's just a very low quality to the soundtrack. The only thing I really liked was the ending, and I think that's because the ending was a surprise.  I think the movie has one or two good scenes, but overall, I can't recommend this movie because it just sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this film for the first time in the U.S. and I was very disappointed. I found it so offensive that I had to leave the theater in tears and I would have been happy to just go out and find another movie. This film was about a man who goes into the woods to hunt a deer, but he is shot by a hunter and is left to die in the woods. It was a really poor excuse for a horror film and I found myself not being able to even see the killer, so I really was shocked. It had the makings of a cheap slasher flick, but it was so bad, I didn't even want to watch the sequel. It's not like the original one was good, it was just so badly made, it just doesn't work. The acting was horrible and the cinematography was bad, so it doesn't make much sense, but for this low budget film, it makes sense.  Overall, I found the original to be better, and this movie is even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very predictable "comedy" about a family of "unusual" children, it's a waste of time. It's really just a lot of stuff about a girl who loves the "unlucky" things that happen to her. The family is an average-sized one, the only family member who is anything special is the kid, and the entire family is totally unbelievable. And that's about it. I just couldn't find anything redeeming about it besides the fact that it was supposed to be a horror movie. The story is pretty lame and the acting is weak, so I would suggest that if you're looking for a comedy this isn't the one.  I'm sure the studio was hoping that the family would have a "big" ending, but I doubt that's the case. The movie is filled with the usual tired cliches and the actors do not seem to have much talent. The ending is pretty unsatisfying to say the least. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are two scenes in the movie that should have been left out. First, there's the time when the characters are on a cruise ship with no air conditioning and when the captain and his wife go in the bathroom and there's a lot of moaning and a bunch of farts. Second, there was a scene where the ship is heading for the North Pole and the captain tells his passengers that they are going to die in a few minutes. This is when the movie really gets bad. The scene where one of the passengers dies in the ice and when they are rescued by the Russian military, it's just so lame that it's funny.  The plot is really lame, and the only way it makes sense is that the Russians are trying to take over the North American territory and the Americans are trying get rid of them. The only reason why this movie was made is because it has a couple of very interesting stars in it. I found the whole thing extremely annoying and I would have to see the movie to know what they did to make it so bad. If you like movies that make no sense, then don't watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I'll end up watching this movie.  The idea for this movie was pretty good. It could have been funny. It wasn't. This movie just seemed like an attempt to pull off a low budget horror film, complete with jump scares and gore. I really didn't care for the movie. There wasn't any plot, story, or direction, and it was all over the place. The acting was OK. The gore was OK...the acting was just awful. The only redeeming point is that it's supposed to be a "trailer" for a horror movie. I'm guessing it's going to be the worst film ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole movie was very predictable and predictable, and that is what I am complaining about. The movie starts off, and it ends the same way it began. All of the characters are basically the same, but the movie doesn't go anywhere. It goes on and on for about 5 minutes. Then there is a huge jump cut, and the movie goes into a different direction. After this huge jump, the movie is about 10 minutes away from starting. There are so many plot holes in this movie. A good movie should have a very coherent story line, not this. It's about 5 or 10 minutes of watching a bunch of characters in a movie who don't seem to know each other. There is no character development. There's no plot. There should be a whole movie of the main character having a really tough time, trying to deal with all the situations, and making some really dumb decisions.  I give this movie a 1/10. I would not recommend it to anyone. This movie doesn' have a redeeming feature. It should not have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst horror movies I've seen, ever.  The only reason why I'm giving it a rating of 4/10 is because I believe in horror and gore and gore movies. But when I saw this movie, I just didn't care for it. I just sat through the entire movie. It's like you were expecting something more and ended up getting it.  If you're a horror fan, don't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not sure if I liked this movie at first, but it turns out that I did. It is actually a bit boring and predictable. I think that the director was trying to do too much, but that is only because of the lack of talent of the actors. In fact, I am amazed that there are actors who will perform this movie without doing a bad job. They should all be fired. This is simply one more reason why I am very disappointed with American cinema in general. The acting is simply awful. It seems that this director has not made any effort in the past few years to get better. I mean, even in the last "American Graffiti" (2004) there were several decent performances by actors. This film should have been called "American Haze" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am sorry that I saw this film but I was so disappointed in the acting that I just couldn't leave it alone. I mean, they should have gone back to the beginning of the film and made it better. I found the acting really annoying and I just felt like there was a lot of talking that wasn't there.  And then I found it in the video.  The acting was awful. And I just want to say that I really liked the original version of the movie, the one that I used to watch. This movie really sucks. The story was terrible. I just didn't understand what was going on and I felt like they were making this movie for kids. I didn't like the plot line at all. It didn't make sense to me. It was just too much and I couldn't understand the characters. I thought they were annoying, they sounded like they weren't even in it. I felt the character did nothing. I hated how it ended and how they didn't even try to keep the movie interesting. It sucked.  It is just an embarrassment. I really wish I would have seen the original movie and that I would of just seen the version that I watched. It wasn't that bad. But it was so bad. The movie sucked. The only thing I really want to point out is that I didn'T like the way that the movie ended. It just ended in a horrible way. I was disappointed because the movie wasn't over. I had to wait to see how it all ends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was boring to watch, but that was probably due to the fact that it was an attempt to be a horror movie, and failed. It was the only horror movie I've seen in a long time that I felt was devoid of any kind of tension or horror, and that's a very difficult thing to accomplish in a low budget horror movie. The acting was not good and I was so frustrated with the fact they couldn't get the camera low enough to capture anything that could have been scary. I don't think that anyone who watches horror movies for fun can appreciate this movie, but it's just not worth your time. I gave it a 1/10 because it was pretty terrible and I would give it less if I could. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original movie was a really great film, and it is definitely still a classic. This remake is the worst movie ever made. This film has such a poor plot and so much pointless, meaningless and meaningless action. The film is about a very boring character (Mr. Jack Nicholson) and a stupid one (Mr Jim Caviezel). This remake also has some weird plot twists that were never in the original movie. The only thing I liked was the music in the beginning of the movie. This movie is a complete failure in every aspect.  The script is absolutely awful, with so many plot holes and no way to explain what is happening or why this character is so stupid.  Some of the actors seem to be so inexperienced that they can't even act convincingly. I have to give this movie an overall rating of 1 out of 10. This is a waste of your time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is just a bunch of jokes that don't make any sense, and there is no sense in the story. I think the only good thing about it is that the actor who plays the father of the characters has a really cool name.  The director is also the director of the "American Graffiti" movies. I don't know if he knew this movie existed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst of the three "Slacker" films. The plot is just too ridiculous. The actors are so boring that they could have gotten a job as a stage manager. The script is so poorly written that it doesn't even make sense. The acting is so pathetic that it is almost funny.  I just want to know how a person can spend so much time and money on such a poor movie. Maybe if the actors were given a real script, they could come up with something at least halfway decent.  It is a waste of time and energy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a reason why this film was so poorly received. It was a disappointment in a way that even when it wasn't the worst movie I've ever seen (and I've seen a few bad movies) it still seemed like such a waste of time. It had no substance. It just seemed like someone was trying to fit a puzzle together and just couldn't get it right.  But then again, they didn't have to make a film about a young woman's attempts at self-destruction. I'll give them credit for the fact that they made the film look like a fairly decent action film but this is the only one of theirs that's worse than a complete waste of your time.  I don't know what the director was thinking with this one. Maybe she thought it would have made the actors' careers better if they didn 't get paid, or maybe she thought this would make the film stand out as something of a true indie film. But either way it wasn 't a great film, and it was a real letdown for those of us who saw it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so bad I cannot believe it was made at all. The plot is boring and not much is made to make it interesting. A good horror film should have some tension. I just can't believe this was made by people who could not make a good horror movie. It is so very bad that it will make you feel as if you were watching an over-budgeted slasher film.  The acting is laughable. Some people have asked me if I would have liked to have done the role. I can only give an honest answer. No. I did not feel like I was watching a good movie. I would not have liked it if the plot was anything other than terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was a bad flick with all the bad dialog, lame music, and the awful acting.  I'm not a fan of the actors and I thought the movie was just awful. The whole movie seemed to be made to make the audience laugh, but I didn't even get the chance to laugh at it. The script seemed to have been written by a 3 year old. It wasn't funny, it wasn't interesting, it didn't make any sense. It was just a waste of time. The acting was horrible and it was really, really hard to understand the characters. I found myself going "hmmm" over a lot of the characters, and I found it hard to believe anyone was acting. This movie made me hate this type of movie and the actors, I was hoping for something better. I really wanted to like this movie, but unfortunately, I don't think I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bit hard to describe what exactly went wrong in this film. The whole thing is a mess, and it's hard to say exactly what exactly is wrong with it. Some of it is really really weird. For example, the first part of the film takes place in a house. There are lots of strange rooms and rooms. But the story is pretty dull, even though there is plenty of strange characters that happen to be in it. I'm sorry, but I can't really say that they are more interesting than the characters in the first parts of the movie. The acting was very, very bad. I thought that the film was so poorly done that it made it really hard to remember what the film's about. I think it was made just to make a quick buck for the filmmakers, but the result is pretty bad.  It has a great soundtrack, but that's all I can say. The special effects are pretty low budget, but if you are a fan of low budget special effects, this is a film that you definitely do not want to see.  The acting in this one was so bad that the only thing that I liked about it was that they had a really cute dog. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie just doesn't do justice to the show. The acting is really terrible. I just feel bad for the fans who are in on this. There was a lot of fun to be had in this show, but the characters don't make any sense, the storyline doesn't make sense, and there is no humor. I can't believe that someone like Jim Carrey, who has been so good in other comedy shows, was given the job of voicing one of the main characters.  In an effort to make this movie better, I'm going to use a few clips from the show to help the movie out. I'm sure that this will be seen by a few people who watch this movie. However, I can tell you that this movie isn't funny at all. I've never seen a comedy movie that didn't suck.  If you like this movie, go for it, but just don't waste your time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very predictable piece of trash, with a bad script and a very annoying theme. The story line is completely irrelevant, the ending is very predictable, and the ending was pretty much a waste of time.  The acting is bad, the music is terrible, and there is absolutely no chance that the movie will get a positive review.  Just make sure that you do not see the sequel. It's worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a waste of time. The characters were not believable, they were not funny, there was not enough humor in the whole thing. It seemed to be about making a film, but was really a show that only showed a few clips of the actors. And the fact that it was made in Russia, probably had nothing to do with the fact of it being a Russian film. The music was very, very bad. I had to turn it off, but then I thought it was good.   The ending was the only good part of the film. But it wasn't funny and didn't really make any sense. It would have been better if it had ended without the "Worst Ending Ever" part. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film so unbelievable, I just sat there and watched it all the way through. I was so angry and disgusted, I couldn't stop laughing.  The story was absolutely horrendous, I had to turn off the TV, I was just so disgusted. The acting was awful, and the cinematography was awful. I found it so insulting that they used their cameras to film a woman who was pregnant, and not a man.  I don't know how they thought this would be an appealing film. It was the most ridiculous film I've ever seen. I didn't like the fact that it had a female main character. That seemed a bit sexist. The only thing I liked was the music. I liked the theme song, I felt that it was a little corny, but I liked it. It could have been a lot better, and I was really disappointed.  There are a few moments where the film is pretty decent, the only thing is that I didn`t like how the plot was going. The film was so boring and poorly acted that I just couldn't get into it. I'm a very slow viewer, and this film made me feel like I was watching a boring soap opera. I wasn't amused at all, and was disgusted with the film. The ending was extremely disappointing, and that was the only redeeming quality. I just wanted to see the characters, and get out of the film, but they didn't allow me to do that. The actors were so awful that they really ruined the film for me. I thought they should have stuck with the original ending, because it was the least offensive. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing the trailers for this movie, I was convinced that this would be an interesting little indie flick that would make for a decent B movie. I was not wrong. But then I watched it. It's just...there. I don't think there's any way a director could have made a movie this bad. This was an awful, awful film. I'd rather watch an adult film from the 70's than this. The only good thing I can say about it is that the actors did a good job. But, they couldn't pull it off. If you like your B-movie, don't waste your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In spite of the fact that I've seen other great comedy movies from that era, I can't bring myself to care about this one.  It is so far from funny that I was actually hoping it would be funny.  I was even expecting an epic parody of a horror movie, or at least a really dark, scary, and twisted horror movie. It was neither. It seemed more like an attempt to cash in on the success of a couple of movies, the first being a comedy, the second being a horror film.  The only reason I can bring myself out of this pitiful, horrible mess is that it is based on the novel "A Christmas Story" by the great Charles Dickens. However, the movie never got the chance to show Dickens' brilliance, as he had already done in the earlier works. The only good thing about this film is the music. It's not as catchy as the music in "A Nightmare on Elm Street", but it is a lot better. The music of "A Haunted House" is very good, especially the version played by a young Paul Giamatti. I'm sure that this was intentional. It makes the movie more believable, more unsettling, more creepy, and more scary than if it was a completely different movie.   "A Halloween Tale" should have been a 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at a video rental store. I thought the opening scene with the movie poster had a few interesting ideas and themes but the rest of the film was so boring and boring, I really thought the director had never seen a movie before. The acting was so awful, the cinematography was so ugly, the story and dialog was so poorly written, the dialog was not believable at all, the direction was so slow, and the acting was horrible. The only positive thing about this movie was that it was in a box and I could watch it in my own home. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful, so I'm giving it 4 out of 10. The only redeeming factor is the fact that I like most of the characters. But still, 4 out 10.  The acting was not even remotely believable. This is a very, very, low budget movie that probably cost about $500. It was not at all funny, and it really was boring. You could spend an hour watching this movie and never have an idea what happened, and I am not joking. The movie seemed to be shot in the dark. It had no plot, no story, and no characters who were actually interesting to watch. It just seemed to drag along, and there were no surprises.  One of the actors had a very annoying accent. I think it sounded like a bunch of people in a room making fun of each other. The music was OK, but the movie never seemed to have the energy to pull any sort of interesting music together.  If I could give this movie an extra 1/10, I would give it a 10 because I did like most the characters, but even then, the acting was just so bad. I guess I'm just not into the whole movie-slash-action-comedy thing anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie about a young man who is obsessed with sex, drugs and alcohol. His only saving grace is the fact that he has a good girlfriend. It is not a very good movie at all. There are some good bits and some very lame bits. However, they are the only parts that actually make the movie worth watching. There is very little plot. The only interesting thing that happened was that there were a few really awkward moments. But there was very little actual humor in this movie. The acting was pretty bad. There were several really lame scenes. It was just a very, very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie is extremely poor, and the acting is absolutely horrendous. The script is terrible, and there are a number of really stupid scenes. The main character, a boy, is completely annoying throughout the whole movie. I've seen this movie three times and have laughed at each one of them. This movie is the worst "comedy" I've ever seen. The plot was so bad that even the director couldn't make it work. I really felt sorry for the kid in the movie.  The girl in the video is extremely annoying, and she is the only good thing about the movie, so I hope she will get a part in some more films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very boring and extremely poorly acted. The only thing interesting about this movie is that the actors were all of the same sex as each other and had the same height. The acting is so shallow that it's unbelievable!  The only reason I gave it a 3/10 was because I couldn't find any positives. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not a movie at all.  The story is stupid. It is about a teacher who becomes a priest and becomes obsessed with a young girl who died when her husband murdered her. It has nothing to do with the story and nothing to connect to it.  It is just not funny. The movie is stupid, not funny and does not entertain. This movie was made in 1989 and is a horrible mess. If I was making this movie, I would not even have gone to the trouble of making it. You can do better. Just watch The Dark Knight instead.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an example of why people get turned off movies. It's so stupid, the characters are so annoying, and the script is so full of inconsistencies and holes. This is a case of the director having no idea how to make a movie and getting a bunch of extras to do the acting.  The only reason I didn't give this one a 1 is because it has two very important and funny moments. I laughed, and I don't care if you do. The script is terrible and has so many holes that it's almost laughable.  If you want to see a movie with very little acting and some nice sets and scenery, I recommend you stick with a less boring movie: "The Man from the Other Side". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing this film, I can't say I have any respect for the creative talents of Robert Duvall or George Cukor. These two men, along with director William H. Macy, have put in the most effort into producing a film which, at the end of the day, cannot even begin to be considered a "movie".  There is not even a sense of story, direction, and acting to make this film worthwhile. There is a scene in this film in which the camera zooms in on the actor, which is completely unnecessary. The actors' faces are blurred and not clear enough to make out their expressions at all. In the beginning of the film, there are several shots which are supposed to be from inside the camera lens, but actually are from outside the lens. The camera stays on the side of the actor as the camera moves in the opposite direction of the character. The result is an almost static shot. A couple of times, the camera gets close to the actor and he or she has to move to make the shot more understandable. It's not very pretty. But, what is more interesting is that this film was made without any sort of advertising or promotion. There was no DVD, no DVD-tickets, no video clips. There are no clips of the actors on the internet. There's no trailer, no press releases.  It's really a shame to see a film so bad that you don't even know what to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies ever made. I found it hard to suspend disbelief to understand why anyone would have made such a film in the first place. The acting is not even remotely believable and the writing is simply awful. The special effects were a little too cartoony and had no impact on the story. I can only speculate as to why the film was so poorly made. Perhaps it's because it's the first time director Chris McQuinn has ever directed a feature film. It is not a great start to his career.  The characters are simply terrible and the plot makes absolutely no sense. The story is so devoid of character development that it becomes a predictable joke. The best example is the main character's brother, the one with the strange accent. I guess they made the film for no reason other than to sell it. It was not funny and made no effort to be. It's a disgrace that it even made its way onto DVD. If you're looking for a bad film then I'd recommend you just watch the original Planet of the Apes. It may be less entertaining, but it is more believable and better written. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is an absolute disappointment. The acting was pathetic, the plot was a joke, the direction was terribly predictable, and the directionless camera kept cutting back to the action in the midst of action and made the movie an unlistenable mess. The film is over 30 minutes of a man repeatedly making his way through a hotel room and the camera repeatedly zooming out of his view. There was no sign of a fight scene. The only thing that saved this film from being a complete waste of time was a brief cameo by Kevin Bacon, who was more bored by the film than I was. This movie was a waste of everyone's time and the only redeeming feature was that I think I may have gotten away with the film once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the interest of giving the movie the benefit of the doubt, I will give it a 2/10. I really don't think anyone who loves this movie, will be able to appreciate it much. However, if you like the movies that are made in the 60s, I can see why you would find this movie to be a challenge. But if you're looking for something that is a little more fun than the usual formula of movies, this is definitely not it. The only redeeming quality is the music, but it's the music alone that really doesn't help. I gave it a 1/10 because it's not bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Lost Boys" was a really terrible film. The acting was terrible. The story didn't make sense and was very clich. The only thing that saved it was the music. I mean, come on. What was the point of having such a great soundtrack? The movie was so boring. The ending left me with the impression that the movie was made with the idea that the viewer would like the characters and that it would be better if you just followed along.  It's not a good movie and I hope that it is never made again. I'm a little disappointed that they never tried to make it into a television series. I was hoping that they would turn it into something that would have made them money. If you're going to make a movie, at least make a good one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen a few films in the genre and this one is a real disappointment. The acting is very poor, the plot is very contrived, the characters are very bland, and the movie does not seem to have any idea what it wants to be like. It is a slow and uninspired affair that is so uninteresting that it seems to be designed to make people think they are watching something exciting. I found it so boring I could not watch it again!  It was also so unappealing that the fact that the actors seemed to have such poor knowledge of the film industry that they couldn't make a decent script was not a reason to watch it. It seemed to be a poor attempt at an '80s-style comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing I can say about this movie is that it showed what an old man's opinion of a new movie is. This movie made me wish I lived in the 60's when the movie was made, because I don't know how old people can get so old. There's a reason why this movie isn't getting as much attention as other movies that were made in the 1960's, and that's because it's too old. It's a bad sequel to a bad remake of a movie that was released in the 1950's.  I guess I just had to see it in the theaters to see if it sucked, and if it did, I'd know for sure. The whole movie was so boring and bad that I had to stop at the end to watch the credits roll. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a terrible mess. I could only watch it with the help of a friend, so I can't comment on it without seeing it myself. The only reason I was able to watch it is because the person in the theater who was watching it with me, gave me free tickets to a later show. It's like a film festival where the producers and stars just don't care how much people think about it. I don't know if I should be allowed to say that because the movie isn't a good movie or not, but I just felt cheated out of my money. I'd give a 2/10, but 1/10 would have been better. I'm sure there are worse movies out there, but this was the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very odd film from a very odd director. Some people say that it is the worst film ever made, but I think it is better than "Shrinkage". I was expecting something more like "Slumber Party", "The Masked Ballads" or "Babylon", but "Stuck on a Train" was the closest. "Stacked Deck" is the only other movie I have seen that even comes close. It has a ridiculous plot and the acting is not as good as in "The Doll Maker". I do not recommend "Stuffed", "Staked", "Sleeping Beauty" or any other films that I found in the box set. I would have to say that "Stupid's Night" is a little better than most of the films in the set, but still not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so bad, I have actually stopped watching it. I can only recommend it if you want to see a bunch of drunk teenagers in a bar who are only trying to make it on their own. It's a total waste of time. The acting is laughable and the plot is utterly pointless. The entire movie seems to have been written and directed by a bunch people who want nothing more than to get a big fat paycheck from the video store.  There's nothing worth watching here, and the director should have a permanent red card placed on his forehead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was about as bad as it gets. I was expecting something better. I'm not even sure what it was supposed to be.  A bit of a shame because this was supposed, at the time, to be the most expensive feature film ever made by the BFI. I mean, it would have been up there. But it was not.  The acting was terrible. The direction was just so poorly done that I couldn't understand how it was even made. I guess they thought it was funny to be a bad film. I don't think so. If you are going to make a film, don't make it a comedy.  If you want to see a film made out of cardboard and a thousand hours of CGI, I would suggest not making a film called 'BFI's Worst Film'. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the most unbelievable piece of trash I have ever seen.  The main character (Kathryn Hartley) is so incredibly stupid that I don't know how to even begin to compare this to her performance in the other two movies in the series. Her role here is that of a desperate college student, who is so desperate to be successful that she uses a bunch of drugs to try to get herself off the ground. She is such a moron that I'm amazed that she hasn't been shot.  What a waste of the talent of the rest of the cast. The only reason they all have a job is because the director made them look like morons.  I would have preferred that the studio release this film with a disclaimer that it was made with a budget of $500,000, and the cast and crew did not take this job. The film is only worth watching for Kathryn Hartley. The rest of this film is a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this film twice already and both times I had to keep my eyes open during the credits to avoid having to sit through the entire film. I can't believe that anyone would pay money to watch this film. It is so poorly acted, so unfunny, and so predictable that it's almost painful to watch. Even the "funny" bits are so unmemorable that you wonder why the film was made in the first place. The acting is so flat and uninspiring that the whole film seems to be made for people who would watch it for a laugh. The plot is so contrived that it becomes a little tedious. The script is so stupid that you're amazed by the writers' incompetence. The only good thing about this film is that the actors are so ridiculously unappealing that you can actually root for them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Return" is an excuse to make a low budget action film with an incoherent story and few plot twists. The film is not funny or entertaining and does not deserve to be shown to children under the age of 18.  I'm not sure how anyone could have found this movie entertaining, since it only has a handful of scenes to laugh at and most are painfully predictable. It is so weak and unfunny that I couldn't even find the film on video.  My favorite moments in the film are when the kids start crying and the director keeps talking.  The film was a major disappointment to me. It's not funny, not exciting, not original or interesting.  It has no redeeming qualities other than being a bad attempt at an action film and being a waste of time for the director and writer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just a bad remake of "The Shining", but the actors and crew were so good that it didn't matter. There was one interesting moment that was completely overshadowed by the rest of the film. It was supposed to be a dream sequence, but it turned out to be an actual dream.  The dream sequence seemed like a sequel to the "Jack Frost", but instead it turned into an extended version of the dream sequence that happens every night in the first part of the movie. It's pretty boring, and I couldn't understand what was going on in it.  I thought that the ending was so predictable that I almost didn't care for the movie as a whole, and that really sucks.  It's just a cheap remake of a mediocre horror movie, and it will probably never be appreciated by anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no real story to be told here, and all the dialog is recycled and not even remotely believable.  The most jarring thing about this movie is that the whole thing seems to be a "mockumentary" about a show that didn't even exist. And if you think the "documentary" part was just a bunch of people talking about the show, you're sorely mistaken. The acting was bad, the story was weak, and there was no point to the whole affair.  This is a waste of time and money. I don't recommend this movie, but if you do like that sort of thing, I suppose it'll do you good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director is clearly a hack. There are no twists or surprises, the acting is shallow, and the story lacks any real tension or even a decent climax.  The ending is an anticlimax that has nothing to do with the story and that lacks any sense of tension. I can't believe that anyone could have made a movie like this without a full-blown budget. If anyone has the money to make this crap, I suggest they stop right there and never look back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a huge fan of "The Simpsons" and "The X-Files" before they were cancelled. I would've been a big fan of them forever if they'd come back. The only thing I like about "X-Files", is that they gave us the whole series, and that's it. This movie is not that good. The special effects are a bit off and the movie itself is a bit bland. The plot doesn't make sense at all. The movie is basically an hour and a half of a bunch of people acting out. It isn't a bad film, just a terrible movie. The actors aren't funny, the special effects aren't cool, and it just feels like there was no care given to the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an utter waste of time. There's not much else to say about it, other than that I think it should be a non-film. The acting is bad and the script is just awful. The story isn't all that much of a mystery, but it's a big waste of my time. It's really the only bad movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so boring that it's a wonder how anyone could watch it. I've seen worse. The story, while interesting, was so weak, it's hard to believe anyone could get through it. The acting was so bad, I actually felt sorry for the actors. I know it's not their fault, but I still found myself wondering if they were really in it for anything. The only good thing about this film is the idea that there was an idea. But the idea was so stupid, it makes me wonder if the scriptwriter was actually the author of the script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really excited to see this movie. After seeing all the hype about it, I was excited to finally get to see it.  This movie is so bad that I don't even have to write a negative opinion. The whole story is so terrible that I had to force myself to watch it. The plot has so many obvious holes that I didn't realize it until the end. I was in the theater for two hours and I didn'T even get to the first half of the movie. It's an utter waste of time. I think the writers were so scared of getting fired that they wrote a movie that makes the story look better than it really was.  In retrospect, I think this movie was made because the director and cast were so afraid of being fired for a bad film. I would have liked to see them come up with something better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, if you were expecting an action movie that would be a fun way to pass the time, you're in for a rude awakening. The plot is so shallow, the dialogue is so bad, the story doesn't even make sense (for instance, the reason why the guy is in prison for what he did and why he's out so soon after is so confusing). The story is completely pointless and doesn't really advance anything. The only reason I kept watching was because I was looking for an excuse to laugh at the characters. The acting is also so terrible that I couldn't help but wish that the entire cast were white.  It's one of the worst action movies I've ever seen, and I've seen worse. The movie's script is so weak that the movie could have been made into a stage play. There's no sense of a plot, no reason for the characters to act in the way that they do (except the girl). There's absolutely no fight scenes, no tension, and absolutely no suspense. The special effects are laughable, the fight scenes are so poor that they almost seem to be made for children.  I give the movie 2 out of 10. I'm not sure if this movie was made in 2000 or 2000. If it was made before 2000, I'd give it a 6. If made after 2000, a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people say this film is a good way to get a laugh from a bunch of idiots, but I think they are wrong. This is a movie that I watched because I wanted to see what I had missed, and I ended up watching it again and again, and again and still found myself wondering what the point was in all of it. The acting is very poor, and the movie is completely ridiculous. The only way I could find to laugh was the stupid opening scene.  A film that was made to make a point, and for the sake of the director who had a career in TV, and wanted to make some more money on the back of a movie, but couldn't because of the quality of the film itself.  It was absolutely the worst movie I have ever seen. I would never recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit that I was quite surprised to see a negative response to this film. I am sure that this film was a very poor excuse to try to make a film. If I could give it to anyone else who saw it, I would like to know what they thought about it.  My favourite film from last year, the last of the big Hollywood blockbusters, The Wolfman had great direction, great acting and a really good story, but sadly, The Executioner has no redeeming qualities. This movie is not a bad film, but it really needs a lot of work. This is a shame because the last three movies are so good, but I would have given them more than one rating.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film to be so unbelievably boring and the only positive thing I can say is that the movie was directed by the same person who made "Hipster Babies". It's the same director, same writer, same producer.  I really hope this movie does not get a positive review because it is so very bad. If anyone has any idea what this movie was supposed to be about, please tell me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would be more disappointed if this was not a low budget B-Movie. I was hoping for a film with a more "serious" story line. I don't know why I wasn't given the chance to enjoy this film.  What was the point of this film? I did not see the plot of this movie. I just sat there and watched.  The cast was awful. The actor playing the detective is one of the worst I have ever seen. I thought the actor was the only one in the film that was acting. I watched him go from a good actor to a bad one. The cinematography was bad. The editing was awful and I can't even believe I was watching this film on television. I am amazed at the people who put this out. I can only say I'm disappointed in the people that made this movie and I'm surprised that no one ever bothered to see the story of this story.  I give the film 2 out of 10 for the fact that I watched it. I will admit that this was the worst film I have seen this year. It made me feel like I was sitting on a soapbox. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an abject failure of a horror movie. I know that's not what horror fans expect from this genre, but there's something about this movie that's just plain wrong. I've seen some of the best movies ever made in this genre but they are all done in a much more imaginative, creative and innovative way.  This movie is just a bunch of blood-splattered gore and screams. There's a decent script but the directing is just plain bad.  The plot has nothing to do with anything and the pacing is totally off. The acting is pretty bad and the special effects are barely recognizable. The whole thing is just really terrible.  I'm going to give this movie 2/10 and warn you that you might just want to turn your back on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is so obvious that this is supposed to be the sequel to "Alien", and I have to wonder if there is any connection with the first one. The only similarities are the names, which are both in the "Alien" films. The plot is absolutely awful and very disappointing. It is obvious that Ridley Scott and James Cameron had nothing to do with this script and that it is simply a script for the TV series. I hope that the producers will release this film, and I hope the fans who liked the first movie will not get the same script, this time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be absolutely ridiculous. The first three minutes are about as entertaining as watching a person play with an iron. I found myself watching the movie repeatedly, only to be frustrated that I was unable to find any enjoyment out of it. I'm sure there are other people out there who were just as frustrated as I was. It just didn't seem like a film made for kids. This movie seemed to be made for adults and there is no reason for it to be a children's movie. The acting was bad. The story wasn't interesting. And the special effects were absolutely horrid. This is a film that was made for adult audiences and you can't make an adult movie without some sort of special effects. The special effects could have used some CGI and they could have done better. This film was so bad that I would have rather watched a 10-year-old animated film.  I can understand the appeal of this film. People have an urge to laugh at other people. If the movie were made for children, it would have to be at least PG-13. If it were made at a time when the movie was made, it probably wouldn't have been rated PG.  It's a shame that the movie has to exist. There are so many other better films out there. Please, just make a better one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so boring and so pointless. You know that you have to know at least the basic facts of the story. And yet the director never bothered to do this. All you get are the most stupid scenes, the most annoying voice actors, the worst editing, the stupid plot and so on. The movie is basically just a collection of flashbacks and we just have to look at the images to understand the whole story. I would say to the director that if you had a lot of money to spend on this movie, you should just hire an amateur director to make this. The result would be better than this rubbish. I give it a 4/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie follows a few ordinary people as they live their lives and are not given any special powers or abilities to save themselves or anyone else.  The plot follows a handful of people who don't have powers. Some of them have to deal with the usual human problems like disease, crime and death. The problem is that there is no magic involved and everything is very mundane. There is no romance, no twists and the plot is predictable.  I would like to believe there was a decent script and I believe there is but the movie was so poorly written and poorly acted that the movie lost me. I think the director could have done better with the movie if he wanted to and he was too busy trying to make the movie a hit. It was a waste of his time. I just wish they hadn't made it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the release of "Tremors" and "The Return of the Living Dead", I wasn't sure how to feel about this one. I was looking forward to seeing how the story would play out and was hoping for some sort of surprise or horror element. Unfortunately, I was left with very little. It didn't even come close to the other two movies, even though it was supposed to be a sequel.  I can't even understand what the plot was supposed make me feel this way. There are so many unanswered questions in this movie. Why does the doctor turn up in the middle of a city? Why does he need money to stay in the house? Why did they kill the woman and the girl? Why didn't they get the girl's name? Why don't they catch the doctor? Why is he back? I have seen every movie ever made but this one, and I hate every one of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an unoriginal, cheesy, and terribly over-the-top romantic comedy. No wonder it made such a poor debut when it was first released. It is also one of the worst examples of the genre, because it has no real plot and little to no originality. The only redeeming factor is that it contains a few really amusing and original scenes (especially the scene with the woman with the giant pink dildo and the giant giant pink vibrator). It is not a bad film by any means, but it should not be taken as seriously as it is. This is one of those films that only makes you feel worse for watching it. The writing is mediocre and the acting is not even remotely believable. It just looks like a lot of people had to make up the plot for this film, which is a shame because it could have been a really interesting film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After a long, slow, and quite boring, three-hour slog through this, I thought I would give a little warning. The script is weak and the plot is flat and unsatisfying. It is one of those films that is only good for people who don't have an opinion about a movie like this. This is one where you get the impression that the filmmakers really don't care for the story they are trying to tell. It just isn't what they are capable of.  This is the kind of film that makes you wonder why they are even trying to make a movie at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be an interesting documentary about a famous British movie star. I thought it had potential. But the movie was so bad and so unoriginal, it's really not worth watching. It's really a waste of time and money. I don't think the film-maker intended to make a good documentary, just a bad documentary.  The story of an old movie star who is a widow, and how she got to where she was, I can't understand. It seems to have been made up out of whole cloth, and the documentary is completely pointless. It has nothing to do with the movie and everything to do about the movie star and her character. It just looks like a film made out of a lot of old, forgotten footage, a lot like a "MGM style" movie. It was made in an effort to make the movie better and more exciting. It didn't do a good job. The whole documentary is about the plot and nothing else.  In the movie, the director makes some sort of a joke about the fact that he never made a sequel to his famous movie.  It looks like someone got drunk on all the vodka he drank while making the movie. He should have just left the movie at the beginning, and then proceeded to the end of the movie instead of spending more time talking about how he never went on to make another movie about this character.  All in all, it was a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. The actors are horrible. I've seen worse movies, but this was a one way trip to hell. I felt so sick watching it. It was the only movie I watched where I couldn't stop laughing and I had to watch the credits. It's just a bunch of guys talking and acting as if they're some kind of super heroes. It really is a waste of time.  I saw it in a small theater in New York City, and it was a terrible movie. The audience wasn't impressed, and I wasn't. The worst part was the soundtrack, which was just awful. I'll never see another movie like this, and if I do, I'm not going to watch it with a group of people who I'll just want to beat the snot out of. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very sad movie for many reasons. It's not a fun, and there is no humor, and even the actors were a little bit forgettable. The music was also terrible. It should have been at least a 3, if not a 2. The characters were just too bland to care about. The film also seemed to suffer from the same problem that so many films suffer from, the director didn't know how to put his actors together.  Overall, I'm glad I was only able to finish this movie with one eye. I really didn't care if the actors had any talent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know who the director was, but the movie was absolutely awful. The movie itself was an absolute waste of time, and I couldn't stop laughing.  In my opinion it's a shame that the movie wasn't even made to promote a certain kind of movie. I'd rather watch a movie that was made to be a fun, entertaining and interesting movie. This movie just felt like an exercise in laziness. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was disappointed to see this movie. I can honestly say that I have not seen a movie that was so bad that I had to read all the reviews about it. I really wish that there was something better. The actors and actresses were all over the place. There was one scene that made me cringe. And even then, I wasn't that offended by it because I thought it was kind of funny, but I'm sorry to say that the rest of the movie was so terrible that it made me wish that the actors were working for a movie studio instead of directing their own movies.  And I really don't know what it was that made people say that this movie was "bad".   This movie was made by a group that didn't even know how to write a screenplay, and they were the only ones who knew how to make movies. And, to tell you the truth, I'm not sure if it was a group of unknown people or a group working on a film that made this movie, because they were so bad. The plot was so stupid that it wasn't funny, so you had to laugh at it. The acting was so so bad it made you want to punch it. And the movie had no dialog to begin with.  The worst part of this movie is that they actually had the auditions. I mean, you would think that you had the actors that you wanted, because you see them on stage, right? But instead of having them go out and look at other actors that they had in mind, they had them go to a casting call and then audition. And that is the only reason why the movie got a negative rating. I'm sure that this is what happened. They had no idea how to cast actors, so they cast the actors with the most negative reviews possible. This movie is an absolute disaster, and I am glad I was never in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original film is so much better than this one! This movie is awful, it just doesn't make any sense at all. There are some scenes in the film that I thought were pretty funny, but they just didn't work for me.  The only reason I gave it a 2 is because the ending was really lame.  There's no point to this movie. It's just like some random film with some lame actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really liked this movie. I was expecting a bit more from the director, since he is a great filmmaker and has directed such great films like "The Man Who Knew Too Much". He even made a good film about a young couple with two kids, but he didn't do a good job with this one. I really expected him to make a funny movie, and make a bit of fun out of the movie, but instead, he just made the movie into a very slow, boring, and not-so-funny movie. It would have been fine if he did a few more shots and did some editing, but as it was, the movie was so slow and not so funny that it made me wonder how he made it so slow. It didn't even deserve the 1 rating and was given a 2. I didn't understand how the film was made in the first place and why it didn't seem to get a chance to do anything with the plot and characters.  I just don't understand why this movie was made. It had nothing to do with the movie itself and just made a total mess of things. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not worth watching and I could not understand why anyone would watch it. It was basically the story of a bunch of men playing in the snow trying to survive. They were so lame that it was hard to watch, especially when it was the only thing that made the movie worth seeing. I found myself wishing I had just gotten drunk and left it on my front porch, and watched it the way my mom would.  The acting was OK, but nothing to write home about, it just seemed like a waste of time. The story was lame, the dialog was awkward, and the direction was poor.  I cannot give a positive review because the only positive thing I can say is that it is a fun movie to watch. I just wish I had watched it alone instead of watching it with my friends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really a joke and just a cheap joke to be in the movie. It was just a joke that wasn't funny enough. It really just wasn't that funny and I was very disappointed. I really feel like there's not much more I can say because there really wasn't any humor in the whole movie.  I can't even call this a joke because I just found it a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie more times than I can count. I can't say how many, but I can say it's at least 100, and I don't think it's even close to 100.  The acting was horrible, and the script was awful. It seemed like they had no clue what a movie was supposed to be, and just made a bunch of jokes and tried to have fun. They were really trying to do a lot of stuff, but just didn't seem to care about what they were doing. There were so many inconsistencies that I had no idea what the movie was about.  This movie isn't good at all. The story was just so random. I have no idea who this girl was or why she wanted to kill her sister, and why they were in a hospital together.  Overall, this movie was really awful. The plot was stupid, the acting was really bad, and it had no redeeming qualities. I don the movie to be the worst movie I've ever seen, and that's saying a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My girlfriend and I rented this movie from the video rental store and after watching it I was so disappointed that I couldn't even understand a few of the words that were being spoken. I didn't know that this movie was a comedy, and I couldn'T understand why there was any need to use the word "bitch". I guess it must have been something that I didn'T watch.  This movie should have been titled "How to ruin your life".   If you want to be entertained, you'll need to do some research before you rent this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first few minutes of this film is great. However, by the time the film comes to its climax, the viewer becomes frustrated and bored. There is nothing that really matters in this film except for a few scenes that were clearly intended to make the viewer feel like a badass. This is a bad film. The story is predictable and has absolutely no redeeming value. A few scenes are interesting, but they are so very far removed from the rest of the film that I have no idea what they are supposed to be about. I would rate this film at a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't care what you think about the movie, I just saw it. The acting was weak, the acting was awful, and the plot was unbelievable. The movie was like a movie version of the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" series. I can't believe it's rated as a PG-13 because it's so bad. It was as if the writer/director had just thrown together a bunch of lines that could have been combined into a coherent plot.  The story revolves around a girl who decides to move from a small town to a big city. She gets a job at a convenience store and she decides to do all the jobs and save up money so she can move to a bigger city and get a real job and be able to afford to live in a bigger house. She falls in love with a girl and the story progresses into the story of the girl's boyfriend being killed. It's just awful!  I mean, there's no way that it could have worked as a movie because it was such a mess. The way the movie tries to make the girl and her boyfriend's story believable and believable, it just falls flat on its face. The girl's character is very wooden and it's just not believable. It could have just been a series of mishaps and mistakes. I don' really think that this movie is a good movie, but it is just not that good. I just don't understand how this movie made it as a low-budget independent film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's about a group of kids who get their hands on some super-powers and are going to destroy the world as they please. The first half hour is a lot of action scenes where they kill people, steal cars and destroy stuff with their powers. Then the second half is just an episode of "Super Friends" where we get to see them playing with each other, which is not the worst thing in the world.  The plot gets a little silly, and there's an awful amount of dialogue that I didn't understand, but it's just enough to get a laugh here and there.  Oh, and the movie has no special effects. The special effects are fine if you're in a small room, but not worth watching in the big wide world that we live in today.  I didn''t like this movie at all. I wish I could have avoided it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so incredibly bad, I just can't believe it exists. I mean it's just so awful, I'm just baffled by how this happened. I can't imagine anyone else would have made this. It's so stupid, so utterly horrible, so awful it's almost not funny. It was a bad idea for a movie, a bad concept for a film, an absolute waste of time. It has no plot, no reason to exist, and no reason why anyone would want to see it. It simply makes no sense, and it does so badly that I don't know how I can find out what happened. The script was so bad and the acting so horrible, I don''t know how anyone could have ever thought it was funny.  The plot revolves around a man (Curtis Lacey) who has some sort of psychic powers. He can see people and hear their thoughts, and then he uses this power to try and find out if his wife (Maggie Lacey), his sister (Lori Taylor) and his best friend (Reed) are still together. The movie's sole purpose seems to be to show the audience what he can see and what he hears, and to demonstrate that his powers are really awesome. I know that sounds ridiculous, but the script made no sense whatsoever. The plot was so utterly boring and predictable that I can just not care about any of the characters. The characters were boring, the movie was predictable, the ending was predictable. I thought the movie sucked, and I still think it does. It just doesn't make sense, does it?  This is so stupid it's funny. The idea is so obviously stupid, that even if I'm not aware that it's a bad film, I still can't help but laugh at it. This is the movie equivalent of someone trying to tell you that you're going to be murdered because of a bad joke. It is a joke that could have saved the lives of every single person on screen, and that was the only thing that made it remotely believable.  This film could have just as easily been made into a series of horror movies that the actors in them act as a team. There was absolutely no reason for any of them to act like the people they played. There's no reason at all for anyone to be acting like a movie that was a waste of a time. There are so many problems with this movie, and even though I don' want to
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is an embarrassment to the genre. It is devoid of any kind of narrative coherence, and seems to have had a huge budget to compensate for its lack. There is nothing to indicate the film was made by the director of this film, and that makes the fact that it has been made a little surprising. The acting is a little stilted, but nothing out of the ordinary. This film could have been made for half the budget if the script had been given more attention. I could find no clues to the plot or the existence of any characters in the film. It had a bad acting director and a bad script, but it's not worth watching. The only thing I did like was the music. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie only once and it was just one of those days, when I just couldn't get my brain to sit still. I was watching it and I was bored. I thought that the script and the direction were OK.  However, after a couple of hours I had to put it down. What happened was that I was completely bored and I didn't understand a word of what was being said. The movie is just a bunch of stuff that doesn't make sense and you can't make it through it. It is so boring that you want to throw it out and just watch something else. You would think that an adult would understand how a movie could be made, but not this movie. This movie is so bad that you don't understand how anyone could get through this movie, much less make it to a DVD. I'm embarrassed that I bought this movie and I'll never buy another movie from this person.  This movie was so boring, that I thought I would just give it away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so disappointed that it was this late and that I had to see it. The story was unbelievable. What happened in the movie? What is this man's problem? How does he get around so well? Why is his family so unhappy with him? Why was the story told like that? How did he get into the movie theater? Why didn't they just tell the story as it was, and not as the movie it was? Why did he have to go to the movie store? What happened to the actor? Why would anyone want to see a movie like this?  If you want to watch a bad horror movie: stay away from it. Don't watch it, it is not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't normally give a 1 or a 10 on a bad film, but I'm just going to write a negative score on this movie: The acting was bad. The story wasn't believable. It seemed as though the writers were trying to write the perfect joke, but couldn't quite pull it off. The plot didn't make sense, and the movie ended up being just plain boring.  There were only three characters worth mentioning, the two main characters.  The ending left me just a little bit confused, and I felt as though I had to have been a bad guy, since the movie wasn't even very funny.  A film I'd avoid, unless you really want to see a bunch of drunk people do stupid things. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed by the fact that the director was making this movie with the sole purpose of making a movie about a movie that is totally ridiculous and boring.  I thought that the movie had some humor in it, but the jokes were so predictable that it made me not laugh a lot. The acting was just awful. I think that the casting was terrible. The character was played by the "B" guy who seemed to be trying to imitate the character he played in the movie.  Overall, I thought this movie was a waste of time. It made no sense at all and I found myself not even bothering to watch it because I knew that the script would be worse than the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not worth watching. It does not have the ability to be funny, and it has no character or story to work with. The only thing worth remembering from this film is that it was directed by someone who is a big fan of John Carpenter. This was one of his earlier movies, so I think it is safe to assume that he probably didn't give much thought to the story.  However, the acting was horrible. Everyone in the cast looked like they were in a bad car accident. The whole cast is so boring, that I could not bring myself to laugh. The plot is not particularly original, and there were no real jokes in it.  The story is a pile of crap. It's just not a movie, it's a really bad movie.  There are two possible explanations for why this movie sucks. Either it was the director's first movie, or it was just an excuse to shoot something that was not supposed to be in the script. I don't know how this movie got made. I am not going to waste my time reviewing it, and I am certainly not going back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wanted to like this film. I was expecting a lot from it. However, the acting is just not up to the standard I expect from other horror films. The plot is nothing to write home about, the story was completely predictable, the ending was predictable, and the ending really wasn't worth mentioning.  It's just not a good movie. The acting was awful. I can only imagine how bad it was on a smaller budget, the lighting was awful, the sound was terrible, and there was absolutely no time for anything.  The film has nothing to recommend it, but I'm not going to watch it again, even if it was in theaters. It's a bad idea to see it in theaters, because the film is so forgettable.  I'm giving it 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie takes its time to explain how the main character was killed.  The film is a long and drawn out explanation for how the man was killed, but it is the best the film has to offer. The story isn't anything special. It's about a young girl and a man that are traveling together. The girl gets her first look at the corpse of the dead man and she wants to know what it was that killed him. The man tells her that it was a bad trip and that the girl shouldn't have been on the road with him. Then he disappears.  What happens next? The girl goes back to her house and the man comes back. The two then fight, and the girl is killed. The main character's body is left in the woods and he comes back and picks it up and throws it away. The movie just keeps repeating itself and getting more and more convoluted.  It's a waste of time, and an insult to the actors involved.  I wouldn't even recommend watching this movie. I wouldn' recommend watching it if you are an action movie fan and you have any sort of nostalgia. If you have nothing to say to the action movies, then don't waste your time. The only reason I gave this movie a 2 out of 10 is because I don't know what the main man was doing in the first place. I don' think he was the main hero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A great deal of effort was wasted on this.  It's got a good theme and a great cast, but the film is a disaster from start to finish. The acting is at best below-par. The story, however, is a failure. A few of the scenes are a bit more inventive than others, but otherwise the plot is completely bereft of all momentum. A very poor effort.  I think it's just a case of "The story can't be done", and so the writer turned to the usual means of making the story more "interesting" (more twists, more lies, more betrayals). The result is a very poor piece of work. The idea of a 'harsh but loving' father is totally without a reason. The scenes with the old woman who was a nun are particularly pathetic. The whole thing reads like the writer is trying to write a romantic love story. The ending is utterly pointless and poorly written. I'd give this a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is not much to say about this film, but one thing I can say is that the director's attempt to take his movie as a joke, or a commentary on the way the movie was being made was pretty weak. He should have just left it alone and not even tried to make a joke out of it.  The acting was pretty awful, the directing was so lacking and the story was so dull. It was a real disappointment that he didn't even try to make his movie look like a film. There is a lot of great, funny, original movies out there, but this one seemed to just be a copy of a movie he saw on TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has to be one of the most laughable films I have ever seen. It has absolutely no plot and doesn't make any sense at all.  The story was extremely predictable and the acting was awful. It was just like a bunch of people saying that they would like to play the same role in the same movie. There are no memorable lines or scenes in the movie. If you don't know how to act and you watch a bunch scenes, the movie will be entertaining. If that doesn't work for you, watch something else.  I am not a horror movie freak but I do like horror movies. I just can't believe that this was made for a TV show. The acting was so bad that it was almost comical. I couldn't understand why they even made it.  It is just a complete waste of time. I don't even want to know what was in that DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is actually two movies that happen simultaneously. This is what happens when the two actors do the same thing. They both get stuck in the middle and are never able to leave the movie's space of confusion.  The characters are predictable and boring.  One has to keep asking themselves why they even bothered making this movie, and why they were so stupid. It's a very obvious waste of time, and even the plot isn't any good. It seems like they made this movie just for the sake of having something to do with a trailer, and the end credits are even worse. The movie was so awful that I actually watched the whole thing on my computer and edited it. The editing was a joke! It's just one big pile of crap.   The movie's director should be ashamed of himself. If anyone was going to make a bad film, it should be him. He's such a waste of talent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this on DVD with a friend and we were both having a bad time. I found it so unbelievable and so unbelievable that I started to laugh so hard that I almost cried. And then it got worse! The only reason I can give this a 3/10 rating is that it's just a comedy about a gay couple having a relationship and living together, but the comedy is really bad. I don't know what this movie is supposed to be about, but I can't say it was a good movie because it's so terrible! I think it could have been much better if the writers didn't think it would be funny to be a couple.   I can only give it a 2/10 because it was entertaining, but it wasn't good! If you want to see a bad comedy, see "Gonzo". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible, poorly made, low budget film with terrible special effects, awful acting, and just the most basic of script. The plot is terrible, the characters are bad, and the acting is awful. The only saving grace was the use of CGI.  It was awful. And the acting was terrible, and so was the music.  I wouldn't recommend it, but it was probably OK to see if you liked a low budget horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director was clearly not happy with this film and he did not like it at all. This film is a bad mess. You will be disgusted if you see the film. The story and acting is terrible, and the plot doesn't make sense at all because it is so badly plotted. The music is really bad, and it's just plain stupid. I don't know if it was the director or the director's assistant who made the movie, but they should be fired for wasting everyone's time.  If you can, don't waste your time watching this movie. I would not recommend watching this film. If you are going to see it, you might as well not waste your money. It's just a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen it on a number of occasions, and it is truly awful, and I'm sure I'm not alone in that opinion. I found it in a DVD box in my local video store. I'm a sucker for sci-fi movies, and this one was not to be missed. I thought it was a piece of crap, but I was so bored I didn't care.  But I'm giving it a 1 for the worst film I've ever seen. I can't believe they made it this far. I feel like this is the only time I've heard people talking bad about this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, which was supposed to be a film of love, romance, and heart, had a real problem. The only person who seemed to care about it was the director. It was very apparent how little effort he put into it.  The actors, and the actresses, were a bit boring to watch. It's just too bad that so much effort was wasted. I really didn't care for the movie. The story was not really believable, and it lacked a great deal of emotion. I thought the characters were very unsympathetic.  I'm just going to warn you, if you plan on seeing this movie, watch it with the sound off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first film of the year that I found myself saying "Oh, I don't like this kind of movie at all".  I guess this film was shot in three days. I've never seen a film that was so bad.  And to add insult to injury, it is directed by the director of "The Big One", and the two men play opposite each other!  "It's just the way you're supposed to make a film: people are going to be hurt and killed and it's gonna be a disaster for the world. But in this case the disaster isn't really a disaster - it's just a bunch of people having a good time."   Oh, but it's okay. This film has a few redeeming qualities. It's got a really cute dog, but the dog is the only thing in the whole film that's not terrible. The characters don't act like people. The plot is totally unbelievable. The dialogue is bad, and the acting is terrible. All in all, it's pretty much a B-grade film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know I should be more objective. I should know that this is merely the first of a series. The next installment will likely be a sequel, although this one has been somewhat slow to get out. The problem with this film is that it takes itself too seriously. The film's premise is that a doctor is trying to save the life of a woman and the only thing that can save her is a woman who is also a doctor. The story of this movie is not believable. There is no reason to believe that the doctor is even remotely capable of saving the woman's life. The doctor only cares about himself, and his own life.  The problem is that this movie was not even remotely entertaining. There was nothing funny or funny at all. The acting was bad, and the film was too serious to be enjoyable. There are better films out there. This is a waste of your time. It does not make up for the fact that the director of this film, Chris Stellhauser, is a film student. That's what I'd expect from someone who is only making his first film. This was a complete waste of the time of the viewer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is an awful excuse to waste 2 hours and 10 minutes of the time and I really can't recommend it for anyone. The cast is so uninspired and not even in the right part of the script. The acting is awful and the acting coach should have a very thick skin. I can't see how they were even able to get the part without the script being so bad. I really cannot believe this was made. I am really amazed how this thing got made and I don't know how anyone was able to go to see it. It is so bad it is unbelievable.  I can only recommend people avoid this movie and don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a bit disappointed by this movie and I have to say that I was not a big fan of "Sons of Anarchy". It seemed like the writers had a lot of fun writing this show and that it was just going to be the first episode. Well, it was not.  The cast was OK, but it was far from great. The characters didn't feel believable and it made the plot seem extremely predictable.  There was one particularly funny scene in the middle of the series, when a drug dealer had to deal with a hostage situation. I can't believe that this show could not have had a better script.  All in all, I was rather disappointed with this show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a terrible story line, poor acting, and a really awful soundtrack.  The plot is very predictable, and the acting is just plain awful.  It's hard to tell what is going on in this movie, and it's hard for me to tell if the actors are actually in the movie. This is one of the worst horror movies I've seen in my life.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting this to be a great film, but instead it's a bit of a disappointment. It is, in essence, a "bad" horror film, featuring a terrible acting, a cheesy plot, and a script that seems to have been written by someone who can't make a movie without any sort of subtext. I'm surprised to see it in the horror section of the box office. I would give it a 1.5/10, and the fact that I found it in there means that it will be viewed by less than 10% of the audience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first time I've ever seen a movie where a female character doesn't get the attention she deserves from the male lead, and it shows how much worse a movie would have been had the female character been a woman.  The plot is weak, the actors are horrible, and the script is horrible. I have no idea why the filmmakers decided to make this as a straight-to-video release, and I can't even imagine how much it cost. I'm really disappointed in the lack of professionalism and talent in this movie. I can only imagine that they got a kickback from the studio.  I really want to like this movie, but I'm just not having a lot of fun watching it. It looks like the same plot and script that made its way to DVD in 1999. I guess I'm looking for a movie with a female lead. I don't want to watch this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Dark Knight Rises" was the last big hit in the "Batman" series, and it didn't get very positive reviews at the time. After all, Batman had been in the spotlight for two movies and a television series (the "Batman", "Detective Comics", "Batman Beyond", "Super Friends" and "Batman & Robin"). There were plenty of great movies out there already, so what was this film that nobody saw? I mean, I haven't seen it. I'm sure there's a reason why nobody saw it.  It is a little like "The Mask", only the plot is much more boring and poorly written. The "Mask" was great, but the story and the character were much better. This movie is basically a glorified "Batman Returns" rip-off, except the plot and acting are far below average. The plot is a huge cluster of contradictions, and the acting is flat and weak. It's hard to say what the actual point was for the actors. Some of the acting was OK, but not nearly enough to save the movie. The direction was so-so, and I'm not sure what they were thinking. The cinematography was a mess, the direction was terrible, and all in all it was just another "Batman rip-in" that nobody cared about.  I'd be happy if the whole series were just thrown away like that one movie. But then again, that would mean I'd never get to see the movies.   The story and acting was so bad that it makes "Batman Forever" look like an Oscar-winning film.  The only thing that made this movie worth seeing was the special effects. It is pretty pathetic looking for a B-movie, but it is actually pretty good. The effects for the fight scenes are good, and there are some interesting effects in the movie, but there are too many that make the movie unwatchable. It could have been much better, and for that I'm sorry.  If you want to see a "Batman Rip-Off", don't watch this. If you like "Batman Begins" and want to go back to "Batman Rises", then watch "Batman and Robin". If you're a fan of "Batman," then don't even bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the reviews about this movie and I didn't understand what they were talking about. There was no story, just people talking. The actors were OK, the camera was not as good as you'd expect. But it did not matter because I didn\'t care. I just couldn\'t get past the first 10 minutes and I lost interest because I was bored. The acting was really bad, the script was a mess and the whole movie was really poorly made. I don\'t understand how someone can make a movie like this without any money.  This movie made me lose all interest in the movie and the only reason I watched it was because I had to watch it for the ratings. It was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First impressions are good, but I can tell you that this film had a low budget and was made in the late 80's/early 90's.  It is just a glorified version of "Kiss from a rock", except without all the cheesy music and cheesy acting. I mean it's not like the Kiss were a bad band then, so how come this movie was so bad?  It was made way too cheaply to be a good horror movie. It would have been okay if it had a little more of the Kiss in it, but it was too lame and didn't have any punch. The movie was about a couple of kids who were trying to make a movie and got killed off in the first ten minutes. That was really disappointing to me. The kids get killed off because the director had a grudge against them because their parents were divorced. It just made no sense to me that they would get killed by their own father because of their parents divorce.  I also found it weird that the kids would keep making fun of the parents. It was so obvious that it just made the movie bad. They would be making fun, but the movie would have no impact on the story and wouldn't even be worth watching.  If you like that cheesy 80's music, watch "KISS from a Rock", and if you like cheap horror movies, don't bother watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I was honest with myself, I would say that this movie was a failure. I think that most people who see this movie don't know what they are talking about. This movie is so boring and slow that the actors don't even have time to do anything but get lost in their own characters and try to act like they are actors. I can't even understand what happened in the movie and I think it would have been better if it was just a short one-hour special. The movie is made in the same style that movies from "The Naked Gun" series. It is too long and too slow. There is no suspense, no excitement and no special effects.   It seems that they made this movie so they could sell it to Disney to be made into a series of movies, but Disney never made a show like this. Why didn't they just make the show in a single film? The movie could have been a movie in itself and still had all the elements of a Disney movie. Maybe the writer of the movie was so inexperienced that he couldn't come up with a good story, so he decided to just throw together a bunch of unrelated events and call it a movie. If this movie had actually been a one-hundred-dollar movie, it would be much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the first three episodes, but only the last one. The first episode was OK, but the last episode was a complete waste of time. If you are going to watch this movie, don't watch it on video. Don't waste your time on this movie. I've already watched all of the episodes of the series, and they were better than this.  The actors weren't even good. There was no chemistry between the actors, and the movie is only 80 minutes. I know the series is over, but if you are watching this movie before the series ends, don''t waste your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst horror movies I have ever seen. The movie is a complete waste of time and money. I watched this movie twice and I could not believe the story line that this movie is telling. The only redeeming point is that I really enjoyed the trailer.  If you are looking for a cheap horror movie and want to get a laugh, don't buy this.  I would like to warn others in the same situation. Don't buy it, just don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so bad and it was just one of those films where it was so awful that I just couldn't bring myself to take it home. I know that it was released in France, but there was not one word of English in the whole film. I have never seen anything like it. It looks like a film where someone used a computer animation program to make the characters look like they are in the future, but somehow got the animation to run so fast that it did not even seem possible. They are all so poorly drawn and the sound is so horrible that it could be heard as well as seen. It was just a complete waste of time.  This is the sort of film that is made for children, but it is too stupid for adults. It is also a film that I would not recommend to anyone unless you are interested in seeing how horrible people can become when they get drunk.  I just think that they are really cheap to waste their time on this sort of thing. It could have been avoided if they would have been willing to spend a bit more money and put a bit of effort into it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so awful, so awful I didn't even want to watch it! I can't believe how such a huge waste of time was wasted on this movie. Why did people even bother to make this? I mean, I can see the idea behind it. You want to see the characters interacting with each other, but you know it's going to be a disaster! I just want to laugh at all the ridiculous situations the characters get themselves into. I mean come on! This movie has nothing but comedy in it!   I just can't understand how a film studio could waste so much time on this! I mean the acting was terrible! The story didn't make sense to me, but I'll give them that.  All in all, a terrible waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so terrible I could not believe that anyone could have done it. It's as if someone had the urge to do it for money. It does not deserve to be called a "movie".  This is the kind of thing that you see on the net, but never get to see on TV. If you watch this, watch this. If your name is Mark Twain, and you see this movie, you will know.  The actors are bad, the story is not a story, it's a half-baked attempt at a horror movie.   It is a horrible piece of trash that does not merit the rating it has received. If it were up to me, I would give it a 3/10, but that is not what the movie was made for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a complete crap. The acting is awful. The direction is terrible. The cinematography is very unprofessional. The soundtrack is awful! The only good thing about it is that there is one scene where a female character is trying to get into a man's pants! But even that is overshadowed by the horrible plot. The movie should have been called "Glorious Disaster", but the studio thought it would be too risqu to air on the channel.   I don't know how they could have bothered with the original script and then decided to replace it with this half-baked mess. How did the producers manage to fit in so much new footage without losing any of the footage? How did they manage to get all the new footage onto the video so quickly? And how come the sound effects were so badly done? It was awful. If they were allowed to air the movie, they would have ended up with a 1/10, and a 1 out of 10 in the rating system. It would have been better if they had just scrapped the whole idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a good horror movie, but it turns out to be an awful mess. The story is boring, the cinematography is horrible and it was all a waste of my time. The characters are boring, they are made to look like idiots, they have no motivation and they just sit around doing nothing. There are some moments in the film when I was wondering if it was really made by the same people who made "Shadows of Evil", and I thought I was going to be sick. The sound is not that good either, it makes you want to get out of the movie room and just walk out of there. I don't think anyone in the production crew will get the idea to change their sound-tracks. If they do I'm sure they will be fired.  The story does not make sense, the story line is so shallow and so predictable. I really wish someone would have pointed out that all of the people in the movie were either teenagers or college students. I was really hoping that this movie would have been fun, but sadly it was a waste.  If you want a decent horror film with decent acting and decent direction then I would suggest that you go to the video store and buy a copy of "Nightmare Night", I really don't like that film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the only one I have ever seen that was actually awful. I have seen better movies and worse movies, but this movie was the worst of the bunch. I think it should have been at least 2 hours long, instead of being 10. The acting was so awful I thought the movie was just going to end up on a TV show. The story was not even that good, there was not much suspense, the movie dragged on too long, and the ending was so lame I thought it was a joke. The plot seemed to be a joke to everyone except for the writer.  I wish I could remember the title of the movie, because I can never remember. I thought that the movie might have been called "The Adventures of Dr. Who". I know that the movies are named by the name of the actor who played the character, but what I want to know is when did the writer become Dr. who? It would be nice if the movie had been made into a real TV show instead of a bad horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, the acting is terrible, the plot is so poorly executed, the storyline is so incoherent that you really can't follow it. It has some interesting elements, but the rest of the movie makes no sense. For instance, the story about the two boys is completely nonsensical.  The only thing I liked about this movie was the kids in it. I can't believe they were making this movie. I mean, the whole thing was just so ridiculous. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst horror movie I have ever seen. The story has absolutely nothing to it, the acting was awful, and the only saving grace was the music. The sound was very poor and I had to turn the sound down and it was quite difficult. There was not much dialog in the whole movie, only one joke that was funny. The special effects were OK but not the best. The ending was predictable, the ending could have been better. If you are a fan of horror movies and this is your first one, just steer clear of it. I would recommend that you buy the DVD, but just leave it as a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has no real story, no real characters, no actual plot, and nothing at all to do with the movie it's based on. It is an over-the-top and boring mess of poorly directed, poorly acted, poorly filmed, poorly directed movies. The acting is especially bad, and the only reason I watched this is that I was curious about the source material. It's all a huge waste of time and money.  The characters are mostly cardboard, and all of the "characters" are completely uninteresting and predictable. The plot is nothing but the film's title. There's nothing to connect the film to the movie. I can't imagine how anyone could have been entertained by this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie and can't understand why it's not on the IMDb top 100 list. This is the worst movie I have ever seen. There is no humor and the story never gets better than a "Crazy, crazy day in a crazy world".  I am sorry but I really don't understand how this movie made it to the top 100 lists. Maybe they just wanted a lot of attention for this movie.  It would have been better if they made it as a short film and had it on DVD.  The movie was so terrible, it made me want to throw the DVD away. It's not even funny. I would have laughed, if they actually had some humor in the movie. There was nothing funny in this movie, so if you like a bad joke, don't go out and rent this movie!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen in my life. It was so bad that I don't know how anyone could have ever made it. It just doesn't make sense at all.  I couldn't understand what was going on. I'm sorry, but I don' believe the plot.  This movie was about a woman who was kidnapped by a serial killer and then killed in a car. The killer was trying to gain revenge on a woman he killed in the past, but was prevented from killing her because of a certain chain of events.  The movie is just a bunch of people talking and making things up, and nobody is ever shown doing anything. I can't believe that the producers of this movie made such a bad film, it just doesn' make sense to me.  A bad movie with no real story or acting skills. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that this is the director's debut feature film. It's so awful that I actually cried when I saw it. The acting was so bad and the story so stupid, that I almost gave it a thumbs down.  There was no plot. There was only a series of scenes that the director thought would be funny. I can only assume that he was too busy laughing at himself.  The story was so stupid that I felt as though it was about a child who was a drug addict and had been sent to live in an orphanage. The film was a joke that wasn't funny and made no sense. The story has nothing to do with the actual subject of the film.  I'm a horror fan but I can assure you that this film has nothing in common with the real life of a child. I'm sure that this movie would be a hit on the MTV Awards if they gave out prizes for worst films. I would have never seen this if it wasn't for the fact that the movie was directed by this guy who is a bad director.  If you are a fan of movies that are awful and you want to see a bad film, go ahead. But if you are looking for a movie that has some redeeming qualities, don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad, poorly acted, poorly written, and quite frankly disgusting movie. It has a very predictable plot and predictable ending, but is somehow a bit more entertaining than most horror films. I would have expected this film to be a bit better, but in the end it falls a little bit short of expectations. The acting is not as good as I expected and I felt a little cheated when I was able to see it twice in one day.  This movie isn't funny, but there are a few moments that are pretty funny, and it is not so well directed. It is a real shame that this is the only movie of its kind that was made in the late 80s, and that it did not get better after a couple of years. The only good thing about it is that the cast was decent, so that was all that was needed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was in the cinema at the time when the first "Ghostbusters" came out. My first impression was that the original film was so much better than this "Ghostbuster" that I was wondering why people were complaining.  But then I watched this "Grave" and was horrified. I can't even comment on it, because I'm not sure if it's a rip-off. I was watching it on the DVD-only DVD release, which was more of a video-on-demand. It had no audio or subtitles, so I can only assume it was just the director's vision. I'm pretty sure that the film had the same cast and crew as "Ghostbusted", except for Bill Murray. I know he's an actor who's been in more than one film with the title "Ghost Buster". If you've seen "GhostBusted" or "Ghosts", then you know how much fun Bill Murray has in it. But it's too late for me to be that person.  As for the rest of the cast, they are basically the same people from "Ghostcops".  I'm guessing the original script was written by Paul Feig and directed by Ivan Reitman, so it should be the same. The only thing that "Grim Reaper" has going for it is that it has a "good guy" who doesn't do anything stupid. I guess it's not the same thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First time I ever saw this movie I was in tears of despair. After that I had to watch it again to see how far this movie went. This movie is awful! The acting was terrible! The plot was unbelievable! And the story was so stupid, even I couldn't figure out what was going on. I didn't know who was the bad guy or what happened in the beginning. This was a waste of time. I saw this again today and it's worse. Even the plot was stupid. The plot is so stupid that you can hardly understand what's going on! The story was a complete mess and I don't think anyone who watches this movie can get it! I would rate this movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I'm not a movie critic but I'm a fan of movies like this. I think they are just really hard to come by. This movie, despite being very well made and being very amusing, has no redeeming quality to it. I can only give it an 8 because it is only a 7 in most categories.  I'm sorry if I didn't like it but I just can't find any redeeming qualities to the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has the potential to be an epic disaster, but falls flat on its face. I mean, there's nothing funny about a couple having a threesome with a dog, so why is there a dog who acts like a dog? Why does the dog know when to run, when to hide, and how to act in a couple? Why would anyone care that the dog was not given water? Why do they take the dog's name? Why did they leave the dog alone with the couple? The only thing I can think of to help the movie out is that there is a dog that lives in the backyard of the house, so I assume that this dog is a pet. This is the only reason that I could give this movie a negative rating. I give this one a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second time I have seen a movie that is so badly edited and the result is so bad that it is almost unbelievable. It is so obvious that you are watching a bad film that you can hardly believe that the director or the studio was able to make a movie. The story was predictable and it was full of clichs. It could have been a disaster, but it wasn't. It's just a total waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My main complaint is the low budget and terrible sound track. I guess that's why it was made. There was one scene where the actors were just standing around and the movie just felt like it was just a bunch of them talking, and it really bothered me because it didn't fit in with the movie at all. There's also a really weird scene in the middle of the movie where the director is just talking and the camera is just rolling. I'm not sure if that was intentional or not. The story seems pretty contrived and unoriginal. It also seems to have been made at a really low budget.  I really wish that I had seen it in the theatre because I'd probably have been even more upset if it was worse. It's just really bad. I really hope that the producers get fired because of this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know this is a very hard movie to review, but I must say that this movie was just awful. There were some really nice bits of it, and I thought it was funny at times, but they didn't even make a single decent joke in it. The writing was a real struggle for me. It was just a complete waste of time. The special effects were awful, and the acting was just dreadful. I'm really surprised that this was even made. I've seen some really terrible movies, and this is the worst one I've ever seen. If you like the Twilight Zone, then this movie will not be for you.  If you want a movie that is going to bore you and make you laugh uncontrollably, then you may want to go watch a better movie: The Matrix. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no question that this film had a few bright spots. It's got a very good story, a few great moments and a great cast, but when it comes to the acting it's just awful. There's not even any real chemistry between the characters.  The film itself is not even very good, the story and acting could have been better if the story were actually interesting.  It's a very, very bad film, even by the standards of poor-quality American-made films.  I'm going to give this film a 1 out of 10 for being a complete waste of time and effort. It doesn't even come close to the 10/10 rating that people are so quick to give it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second time I've seen this movie. I'm surprised there aren't more complaints. A couple of scenes were just ridiculous and I just felt like watching the trailer. I've already rated this movie a 1. The plot is too ridiculous. It's basically an attempt to make the most of a bad script and I'm sorry but I didn't care for the script either. The movie is just an attempt at making an action movie but in slow motion. The whole thing is just very, very slow. The film is a complete waste of time.  I'm not a fan of slow movies and this one falls right into the slow movie category. This is so slow I thought it would have been better if it was an action film. This movie should not have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just want to say I like the movie, but the fact that this movie is so utterly awful that I am giving a negative rating (on a bad film) to it just blows my mind. It's so bad that it's unbelievable! There's just no redeeming qualities about it. I have never seen a movie where this much stupidity is contained. I think it was made for a few million dollars. How can they get paid that kind of money? How can that be the only reason they made this movie? And then there's the sex scenes. Oh my God! I cannot believe there's that much sex in this movie! The sex scenes are so ridiculous! How do they even think we're watching this movie?! I'm sure they are paid to make this movie.  And then they made the movie with so little talent and so much stupidity that it becomes hard to believe they made it at all.  This movie is a disgrace. This movie made me sick. I don't know how anyone could watch this and not feel disgusted.  If you want to see some good movies in a bad way, I recommend you watch the other movies on this list (listed below). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a good movie with some interesting twists, but I was very disappointed when I actually got it. I thought it was a pretty good movie, but when it's so predictable and not that much of a story, it's really a bit annoying to watch. And the special effects aren't that great either. The action scenes in the beginning and the end were not too impressive either, but at least the ending was worth watching. But the rest of the movie is so poor that it is just not worth watching at all. The only saving grace is the fact that the special features are really good and the actors did a good job. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very lame attempt at a romantic comedy. The only redeeming quality is that it's funny to watch an aging couple in a trailer park. If you're looking for a comedy, don't bother. I give it 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A documentary about the "Mafia" and its influence on Hollywood was supposed to be a film about the gangsters, the drug kingpins, the bikers, the gangster flicks and other movies.  Sadly, there are no gangsters or drug dealers in this movie. No gangster films have ever shown a drug dealer in such a way that it's believable, or a drug kingpin as a character. In fact, I can't even imagine how a drug dealing gangster could get a job at a movie theater. He could not walk through the doors with a gun, the gun must have been made with some other materials and then put into the gun. How? How did he get the job of "movie theater" manager? What is the real reason why he was able to get this job?  This movie was a total waste of time. I can not believe that there was no studio executive that would have seen this movie before it was released and asked why they released it.  It has to be the worst movie ever made. A real documentary about a real gangster movie, and a documentary that has no gangster in it. This movie is so boring that I'm afraid it's gonna kill a lot of people. I wish this movie would have been released before.  The movie has no direction, and its content is so bad that you have to pay a fortune to see it. It is an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot revolves around a "mysterious" killer who is killing people off for unknown reasons. The killer goes from town to town and kills a number of people before killing himself. The movie is about a killer who kills people and his victims are completely random and unexplained. There is no clues whatsoever as to what happened to the people killed. No clues about the killer's identity, the motive or even the victim's identity. The scenes in the movie are not even remotely believable and are more of a joke than an actual horror movie.  The actors do not seem to have been trained at all to portray this killer and are a total waste of time and energy. I was extremely disgusted at the thought that this movie could be made. I can't believe this was made without any consideration of how horrible it would be to anyone who was shown to be killed in it.  I'm sorry I wasted my time and money on this movie and I hope it gets the message that there are better horror movies out there. This movie doesn't even make the list because it's so bad that it's good. It's just not worth your time or money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is very unoriginal and extremely boring. In fact, I felt like I was watching a very low budget, poorly-made horror film. The characters are all really awful and the ending is utterly stupid.  The movie is so bad that it makes me want to watch a copycat version. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with my kids because I was trying to get them to sleep by having them watch this in the morning and we had to be awake and watching this movie. But the only reason I did is because I really wanted them to watch the whole thing.  I had to watch this over and over because it kept changing the plot lines and it was so annoying. The whole movie is so bad that I cannot believe anyone would actually watch it. The movie was a total waste of my time and I cannot recommend it. I will give the movie 2 stars out of 10. I would have given it 4 stars if it wasn't for the kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are too many mistakes to count in this movie, especially when it comes to continuity. The only saving grace is that it has some good footage of the original movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am sure this was the first time ever, that a movie made in a short time was rated a 'F'. This is because of the 'Goes nowhere' tagline, and the 'bad-movies-like-this' tag.  I do NOT think that this is a good movie at all. I think that it is a comedy, which is a funny but not very good movie.  But, I can't even call it a 'bad movie', because I cannot watch movies which are rated a "B" by critics.  In other words, I think it was rated, not as a comedy but as a thriller.  The script is bad, the director is not funny (I thought that the director of this movie is a great actor, but the character is not very funny), the acting is bad (especially the role of the mother), the story is not interesting (like a normal horror movie), and the direction is not good (but this is not a bad director).  In conclusion, it is not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this film twice now, and I don't know how many times I've actually laughed at it. It is so incredibly predictable and boring. It's so much easier to see it as a horror film than a comedy, and then it's a good film for horror fans. But even for comedy fans, this is awful. The story is so flat, so predictable, and so devoid of any kind of humor that I don' feel like I'm actually watching a comedy. The acting is so awful that it actually becomes a challenge to just watch it without laughing. This film is so bad that I actually gave it a negative rating, even though I have seen it twice. I gave it the rating of "Terrible", because it's so predictable and so awful.  I have to admit that I did enjoy the first time I saw it, but the second time I watched it I really got bored. If you're looking for a laugh-out-loud film, this isn't it. I wish I had written a negative about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is a waste of time.  It is a comedy of bad movies. Some of the actors are terrible and the plot is stupid and pointless.  The main reason for watching this film is the DVD and the box set. They were the only two things in this film.  Some of you may think I am too harsh for writing this negative review. I am not. I just wanted to warn people that this film doesn't have any redeeming qualities. If you want to laugh at a movie, go watch the "The Three Stooges". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why this film made it to the end of the line. It had no plot, no direction, nothing.   It's a joke, really. The cast are terrible. The story is lame. This is an obvious example of how Hollywood has been ruined by the stupid, stupid, dumb directors. I mean, there's a man who thinks he's a real "badass" who uses a computer in a movie to destroy people's lives.  The story was completely ridiculous. I can't even think of a movie plot that's more stupid than this one.  You have to be really stupid to waste time watching this one - or to have a film with that much stupidity in it. This was awful, but I still laughed because of the lame movie.  If you're a fan of "bad" movies, go watch something else. If you can't do that, just stop watching movies altogether. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only give one rating for this movie. If you really want to see a good movie: don't watch this movie!!! The cast is awful, the directing is horrible, the story was boring and the acting was so bad, that I thought the movie was a spoof of "The Sopranos" when it actually was the other way around!  If you want to watch a good horror movie: stay away from this movie!  This movie is a total waste of time, if you want a good, scary movie: look for "Blood Creek", "The Ring", "Curse of the Werewolf", "Dawn of the Dead", "Return of the Living Dead", etc. This movie would have made a good cult hit if it was a better horror movie.  The acting was terrible! I was laughing from start to finish, but when I was watching it I could not concentrate on the plot at all! It's a bad, pointless movie, if your are looking for a good one, stay away! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just as bad as the first one. The second film was much better, but this one is just so bad that I cannot find the words to even describe it. There are scenes that make no sense and there are characters that seem to have no reason for their existence.  The movie is full of plot holes and character development that doesn't make sense.  There are many plot holes that you will find yourself thinking 'Why did I just watch that?' when you get to the end of the movie.  I just cannot get past this one movie. I would not recommend watching this movie unless you are really, really bored. If you are in a position where you can watch this movie and are not in the mood to watch it, then I would avoid it like the plague. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I would like to point out that I'm a film critic who has been reviewing movies for over 15 years. I also happen to like horror films and I am not a fan of action flicks, but this movie just got a 1 out of 10 rating from my movie guide and I can only assume that it got a 0 rating because it didn't meet any of the standards. The plot, which is fairly basic, isn't any fun to watch and doesn't leave much room for the characters to do anything but make each other cry. The acting is very amateurish and the actors are totally uninspired. I don't know what the movie is supposed to be about, but it's got to be a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a disgraceful mess. In a good movie, the characters' thoughts would be funny, the situations would be interesting and the plot would make sense. Here, all the lines are incomprehensible, the dialog is flat, the action is boring and the ending is just plain awful. The acting is bad. The writing is bad, the direction is bad and the cinematography is just terrible. There are no redeeming features, just a bunch of recycled jokes and scenes.  It has nothing to offer except the name of the director. If you want a boring, generic, B-grade B-movie, look no further than this.  I don't recommend this movie to anyone, but I hope to see it in a second hand video rental store. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful. I saw it and I'm sick of it, I've watched this movie so many times. This movie should be named 'Haircutter'. I can't believe anyone would have even considered it. It is so stupid, and there is so little going on that I don't even know what is going on. There is no story, just a bunch of people walking around doing nothing. Why is this movie even in a theater? It should be banned. It's a waste of money and time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely awful! It starts out well enough, but once it gets to the second half of the movie the movie takes a turn for the worse. The acting is absolutely terrible, the direction is absolutely horrible and the story doesn't even make any sense. It's absolutely boring and it's absolutely terrible. I'm surprised it's not worse.  The only reason I gave it 2/10 is because it's only 8 minutes. If it had been longer, I might have given it a better rating.  This isn't even a film, it's a terrible waste of time. There is no way to tell what's happening in the movie, and it makes no sense. Even the sound track is awful.  I'm giving it a 1/10 because the only good thing about it is the fact that it makes you think. If you're looking for an excuse to watch this movie, I guess that's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was disappointed with this. I was expecting a little bit more from the movies and the storyline. I found this movie to be very boring and the acting was really bad. I had a hard time following the story because I didn't understand the characters. I thought the characters were the same in every movie except the first one. I am not surprised at all because the story didn't seem to be any good. The movie is basically a bunch of shots with no meaning. You know the characters' names, but the plot doesn't make sense. It's not the best way to make a movie but it's OK if you just want to watch a bunch shots.  I would never recommend this movie because it is so bad that you can't even enjoy the movie because you want to find something better. If you like movies that are supposed to be entertaining but you can still laugh at them, you should try this movie and then leave it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are interested in the "I am a monster" genre and have read the first three issues of the "Monster Files" then you'll like this movie. This movie is so bad it's almost funny.  The story is completely uninteresting. Even if you were to find out that there was some kind of monster inside the body of a little girl who was raised as a normal girl, you wouldn't care about the story or the monster at all. The monster in this movie doesn't even have any power. There is no monster outside of the body. The monsters are a bunch of people with some kind off magic powers. The characters are totally devoid of all character traits and are completely unlikable. There are some nice parts of the movie though, like the fact that there are monsters in the woods and the fact they are really into horror movies.  I really wanted to like this, but I couldn't. I don't know what it was that made me dislike this movie so much. It wasn't a good movie, I just didn't find any reason to love it. I'll stick to my "Monster Monster" series of movies, which are a lot better than this movie and I'm sorry I was even willing to waste my time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak, the dialog is shallow, the acting is not good.  The actors are not likable, they do not know what to do or how to act. The director could have made this better, but in the end, the film is just plain stupid. The characters are stupid, the plot is stupid, but there is a great amount of stupidity in the film. The movie is an embarrassment to itself and its characters. I don't think this is a movie to make in a public theatre.  If you want to see a bad film, buy it and throw it out of the theater. This film was just an embarrassment of the highest degree. I give it 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an unmitigated waste of my time. It is a complete waste of time. And I mean that in a negative way. It should be one of those "Worst Movie Ever!" category movies. However, there is one redeeming quality. It gives you a feeling of the time period.  But that's it. The rest is just a waste of your time. I wouldn't have gone into the theater to see this movie had it been the worst film ever. But it was. It's just a complete mess. And it should have been in the trash, but I'm surprised that it was considered an acceptable movie for kids.   But the film is OK. I can't say it was worth my time, but at least it gave me a feeling for the time and a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping for a decent vampire movie. The problem is that the vampire has no real character and a plot that isn't even believable. This movie is so shallow and unbelievable that I found myself laughing at every part of it. The acting is awful. And the movie is just so stupid that it makes me want to punch it.  I thought it was supposed to be "The Vampire Chronicles" but it's actually just another dumb vampire movie that doesn't even have a name.  In the meantime, I have to admit that I'm going to watch the first two seasons of "The Twilight Saga" because I really like the show and I'm hoping that they will be released soon. If this movie is any indication of what I expect from the "Twilight Saga" movies, then I am a total disappointment. The first movie is actually better than the last two movies combined. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a movie reviewer, but this was the worst film I've ever seen. I didn't understand how the people who made it were even able to make it. It had absolutely nothing to do with the story and the characters.  I know it was made for TV, but I don't know why anyone would waste their time watching it. I can't believe the writer and director of this piece have any talent at all. They had no ideas and no direction to work with. The script was completely useless. The acting was awful. The story didn't have anything to it.  This film was so badly made that I almost didn't like it because it made me so angry. The director and writer had nothing to say, and when they did try to make a point, they came across as a bunch of idiots. It was as if they had no talent, or thought the movie would be any good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that this is the most unoriginal movie ever made. There is not even a single plot to be told. No character is developed and no idea is explored. The only thing that makes it interesting is the idea that a man was killed by his own wife for leaving her for a man. The story is completely unbelievable. I do not know what movie directors could have done better, but they are not usually capable of making anything that even remotely resembles a plot. The whole movie is just so unbelievably stupid. You have a character named Denny who is a very bad actor. His wife is a bit more believable. Her name is Daphne. She has been married to him for 20 years, and she is now going to leave him for a guy. The rest of the story is about the two of them leaving for the movie set. The film is totally devoid of anything interesting, and I thought that the movie was going to end when Denny and Daphna leave the house and start making love. But no, the two characters stay with each other for about 10 minutes and then they go and kill the other person. So basically the movie is about how a man killed his wife because he was jealous.  The director is unknown, and he was probably hired because of his previous movie. It's a shame because this movie has no story to speak about. The acting is OK, but it's so low. I'm sure that some actors have not been paid for their work. They could make a better movie, but their job is to make movies that will be watched on video tapes. If you want to see an acting class, then look for something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was in my late teens and I just had to see this because it was being screened at a local independent film festival. My first impression was that it was a little bit silly but the second time I saw it, I just kept laughing at the terrible dialogue and awful direction. The only thing I really liked was the character names. I don't know how they were even able to find a couple of actors that sounded remotely like them. And that's about all I can say about it. If you want to see a bad film, go for it, but don't expect a decent film out of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is just like the other "Curse of the Curse" films, except this one has no ending and the plot goes nowhere. It just doesn't make sense at all.  It is also full of clichs that I have seen before in other movies. I could go on and on about these things, but I will just say it: I just want to be able to say that I was wrong.  I don't know why anyone would like to watch this movie. I wouldn't have bothered, except that it was so unbelievable. It was also boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big fan of the old "Buffy" movies, and I watched this movie as a teenager. The acting was a little weak, the plot was a bit predictable, and it seemed like the story was made for TV rather than film.  However, the whole film was so poorly acted, that I had to leave the theater thinking it was a TV show. And then I found out that it wasn't.  The script was poorly written, the direction was shaky, and the acting was even worse. The only redeeming part of the film was that I thought it was funny. The plot is a disaster.  I give it a zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film contains all the ingredients that make movies bad: bad acting, bad script, bad story. And this one has all of them. However, this one manages to fail spectacularly in the "good" category by not being any good at all. It's a complete embarrassment, and I mean that in the nicest way possible. The film was made for an audience, but there was no way to get the attention of an audience. This is a very obvious attempt at making a movie that would make a good short film. It should have been a comedy, a drama, an action film, etc... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this on TV, but did not bother to see it in theaters. However, I saw it again on DVD, and I can honestly say that it is a complete waste of time. I was so disgusted by the lack of imagination that I literally laughed out loud during the whole thing. And, to top it off, I had to listen to a ridiculous 2 hours and 42 minutes of what sounded like a kid screaming on a playground. I could not even understand the dialogue. I really do not understand how this movie could have been made. It is a blatant attempt at making a kids movie that has no redeeming value whatsoever. I think I'm just going to go and watch the original "Ghostbusters". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie absolutely pointless and just plain boring. There were no moments of real action or emotion, only some of the characters speaking in the most shallow way possible. The movie is nothing but a series of events that are completely predictable. I'm not even sure that this film was actually made by the writer of the movie. There is no plot, no story and most of the scenes are just there to make a quick point. I think this is an interesting example of the low budget and amateurish approach to filmmaking.  It was absolutely horrible to watch and it is a shame to see that this movie was released for public viewing. It has absolutely no point and is just a waste of your time. I can only hope that it will at least get some more attention from the film industry and will be released on DVD or other forms of distribution. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been rated 'Worst of the Worst' by many.  The actors were uninteresting and the story was bad.  This is not even a comedy. It is a horror movie. The only funny moments are in the trailer for the trailer and that's all. I cannot understand why people have rated this movie so bad. The story and acting is awful. The director should have been fired for making this movie.  I recommend this movie to people who enjoy movies that are bad. But don't watch it for your own amusement. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a fan of the TV show and thought it was hilarious. After seeing the show I wanted to see it again. So I bought the movie on DVD and I watched it again, again, and again, expecting a better movie. What I got was just a bad, awful movie.  It is simply awful. I was not even entertained at all by the fact that they had to have a bunch of extras in the movie. I just want to know what happened to my DVD. I would have given it a 1, but it just isn't worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has so much promise that I really wanted to see the movie and see how much fun it could be. However, I found the movie to be rather boring.  I can understand why people didn't like it, but I can't understand why they would have watched it anyway. It's just too predictable. The plot has a few twists and turns but you can easily predict the ending (or not), and the movie doesn't go anywhere interesting (and I didn't care). This movie just has too much time in the movie.  If you can get through it, then you will have a decent time at the theater but I would not recommend it unless you have no other option. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, it really is unbelievable how such a low budget movie was made and what it cost. This movie was never made to be a comedy, and it does not have a decent script to make it funny. This is an awful attempt at comedy, it is not funny at all. It does not make sense at all, you will laugh once or twice and then you will have a headache the rest of the day. This film was a waste of money. This could have been a decent, but low budget comedy if it was made in the best of conditions. The only thing I liked about it was that it looked like a horror movie, but this is the first time I ever saw horror on a movie screen, it's just not the style of horror movies that I am used to seeing. I'm really sorry that this movie was so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be extremely disappointing and the acting, the direction, and the script were just not good enough to warrant a 1/10 rating. I think it would have been a much better film if it had actually been directed by someone with a bit of talent. There were several scenes that seemed unnecessary and the plot was extremely convoluted. It was so predictable and boring that I had to keep watching it. And that is not to say the acting was bad, because it was pretty decent. But, the script was so unbelievable that it was impossible to care about the character at all.  The plot was also so weak that it seemed that the writers didn't even bother to try to create a believable story for the film. There was no real reason for the characters to be in such an odd situation. It just seemed like they were just a bunch of characters that were added to the story and not really written to exist in the first place.  There was also no real sense of danger for the main characters. This movie should have been directed, not by someone who had never done a movie before, but by someone that had a bit more talent.  I would like to give this movie 1/5, but the writing and acting are so bad that I don't think it can get a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is quite interesting but it is quite pointless. There are two main characters in the story but we never get to know them, except through the use of some flashbacks. The movie lacks direction and is simply a pile of rubbish, which is quite embarrassing to watch in the face of this film's director. The script is terrible, and the acting is poor and the cinematography, although excellent, is terribly over the top.  The movie is filled with pointless and unnecessary shots and one really annoying character. There is a bit of a plot, but it isn't much. The characters don't even seem to have names, and most of the scenes with the main characters don\'t make much sense.  Some people have criticized the movie because it uses 'The Walking Dead' theme music without mentioning the fact that it is from the same source. That is completely irrelevant to the movie. This movie does not have a plot and the main character is boring. If you can\'t get through this movie without hating it, you don\'re wasting your time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After having spent an evening with the original version of "Ghostbusters", I was a little shocked by the director's attempt to recapture the magic. However, there was a part of me that was excited to see the "Ghostbuster" reboot, and I had high hopes that it would be just as good as the original, only with a little more depth, a little less humor, and maybe even a few less scenes of blood-splattered carnage. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. This is a really, really, stupid movie. It was so boring and predictable that it's difficult to find a positive review. It's so devoid of any sort of horror that it really is almost impossible to find any kind of horror movie worth seeing.  The only thing I can say that I liked about it is that the director seems to like a little bit of horror.  If you want to see a movie that is full of clichs, an attempt at a straight remake, and nothing more, then I would recommend avoiding this film. Otherwise, it's a waste of your time and probably a waste to your brain cells. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is boring. It's a very low budget but the acting is pathetic. I don't understand how they can spend so much money to make this thing and make it so short and so boring. I wish they would have just made a longer and better film. The ending is a joke, there's no suspense or anything. You'll probably laugh a few times but you'll probably never cry again.  I was really looking forward to watching the "Killer Boogie" and the "Nosebleed" sequels. I just can't believe that they actually made this one. The only positive thing about it is that it's a comedy. That's not a bad thing, but it's not the most important thing about this movie. It makes me sick to think that anyone would make this film. It should have stayed in the trash bin. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so much worse than any of the earlier versions of the film. In fact, the only thing that was improved was the music (which was great, I guess). In the previous version, the song was actually good, and the film looked very different. The movie looked like it was filmed on a cheap camera with a shaky cam. The story was so much cliche, and you didn't care.  The film starts off with the usual 'he was crazy and she loved him' bit. Then they come back from the past to see if the couple have made it together or not. After all the scenes with the two, the two don't even seem to have made any real progress together. This film could have been great if it were edited better, but it isn't. It's just a mess.  My advice is to stay away from this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are two major problems with this movie. First, the movie is actually filmed on a TV set, not on a film camera. Second, the entire story is told backwards. A lot of the plot, especially in the first two quarters, feels very much like the film's first half.  The third problem is the acting. A few minor actors do a fairly good job, but the rest of the cast (and all of the actors) are simply terrible. Even a good movie like "Beware the Evil Dead" has a few actors who are pretty good.  One can only hope that someone at the studio, in charge of the film, is finally going to take some responsibility. The only thing that would help is for them to start shooting the movie in real time and stop when they see that the movie has no plot and no direction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really want to like this movie, but I cannot. It's so bad that it's almost impossible to hate.  The story is about a group of men, who, in the middle of the night, decide to steal a car. When they rob the car, they are caught by the police and the gang gets busted. In the middle, there's one man who is a coward and the rest are all cowards. He is the one who tries to kill the leader of the gang, who is actually the leader himself, and he dies in the end.   The ending is a bit ridiculous and I did not understand what happened. I did understand, however, that the gang is going to kill him, so it was obvious they had to kill his corpse. The film ends in a big fight and a gun fight that takes a long time. The ending didn't make much sense and it's really difficult to figure out what happened to the characters. I think the ending should have ended better with some sort of twist.  There are other issues too, like the fact that the actors are very weak and the music is annoying.  This is not a good movie. I'm not gonna recommend this movie to anyone. It just wasn't good enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is that a couple moves into a small apartment and they decide to live together for the rest of their lives, but there's no way of telling when they will die. The two couples, played by Tom Hanks and Elizabeth Banks, meet a couple who is going to die in a few years.  In the first half of the film, Hanks is the only one who knows what is going on, but he keeps asking Banks to tell him everything that is going wrong, because he's a man of his word. When he finds out that she is dying of cancer and he wants to help her, he gets involved in her death. However, there's a lot of unnecessary and stupid moments in the film. For example, Hops's friend and fellow writer (played by Tim Robbins) is involved in the events of the movie, but she's just a friend, not a partner in the couple's deaths. Then there's the character played by the director, John Lee Coe, who seems to have very little talent. He could have been a very interesting actor, had he acted with his eyes closed.  It's just too long. The plot doesn't make sense at all and there's too much unnecessary talking in the beginning. The acting is sub-par at best. It's a terrible movie and it is completely predictable.  And it is totally pointless. There is no point in this film. The only thing that it is supposed to do is provide a few laughs. There are a couple of moments that were funny, but it's a shame that they were not enough to make the movie worth seeing. I would recommend not watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a mess. There are too many inconsistencies and there is no consistency throughout the entire movie. Some of the dialogue is unbelievable and there are times when it seems like there was no script. The character development is extremely weak, with no real progress whatsoever. All of the major characters are unoriginal. There is no one who could've made a difference in the movie. The only character that is believable is a girl. She is too much of a damsel in distress and too shallow to make any sort of impact. I felt like the director tried to make a feminist movie with very little effort. The movie is very poorly made, and should be avoided at all costs. I don't even remember what happened in the middle of the movie and I doubt I will ever know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was not bad, but the plot was so unbelievable that I actually stopped watching the movie and just stared at the screen like a dazed idiot. The idea of the movie was just that it was all the movies we knew and all the movie trailers made out of it. I had to watch this movie without any sort of an agenda other than that I wanted to know why I was watching it and if it was that bad. The only thing that was interesting about the movie were the scenes where the characters were supposed to act for the sake of the plot, like when a character goes on a date with a man who's been brainwashed by the Nazis. It was actually sort of funny that they would act like that and make it seem so fake and over the top.  I felt the movie dragged in the end and dragged out the whole time. The plot was about half of what it needed to be and the movie wasn't worth watching for the fact that I was bored and lost. The acting sucked and I'm not sure if it could have been made better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film from a production company with a very limited budget. I mean, that's it. I'm sorry if I offended anyone, but it was the worst film I've ever seen. There was no direction, no script, no acting, no effects, and a complete lack of any kind of plot or theme.  It didn't even make sense. It was like watching a movie in the backseat of a car with a dead woman in it. The whole movie seemed like a series of vignettes. I know I'm no great critic, but I've seen worse.  The acting was terrible. They couldn't even do anything at all, really. There's no reason to even look up at the camera, because I just can't. And that was it.  If you're looking for a bad film to enjoy, go for it. Otherwise, don't waste your time on this one.  I'll be honest with you. This is the second time I've rented a movie with no real plot or any real direction. I hate to admit it, but the first time was much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, I don't know how to review a bad film, but I can say it's pretty low on all the usual suspects. It's the first I've seen that is so bad it actually made me sick.  The film starts off fairly decent, with a very creepy car that pulls over, but that's it. It becomes increasingly awful as it goes on. There is one very brief shot of the woman driving, but the rest of the time it's just another clip from a bad video game.  And that's about it. This movie is a complete waste of time, unless you really, really want to see what it's like to have sex with a dead girl. But otherwise, I can't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen this movie, but I saw it in the "I was once there" DVD collection. I thought it was a joke, and I assumed the person who made it was in his mid-teens. I was wrong. This is a pathetic excuse for a movie. The story doesn't make any sense. There are no real scenes. The acting is very amateurish. There is absolutely nothing in the story that you can relate to. The movie was so bad that it made me wish I was in the audience.  My friend also said that she had seen this on DVD but was afraid to admit that she'd seen it.  The worst part was the fact that the DVD was a gift from the DVD collector's club. It was made in the same cardboard box used for "Candy Crush".  I would never buy a DVD of "Boys Beware", or any other DVD that has a cardboard box. It's a waste of money, and a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first watched this when I was 14 and I had never seen anything like it before. I think it had a lot of potential for humor but it wasn't funny. It was just plain awful. It's a shame because it's a very funny movie and was supposed to be released in 1994.  I was extremely disappointed because the movie was only 6 minutes. I felt cheated because I thought it was going to be the funniest movie ever made. I'm still waiting for it to come out on DVD and VHS. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie on the cable channel TNT when I saw that it was being shown for the first time. It seemed to be a comedy-action movie, but there was absolutely no comedy in the film at all. It was just a bunch of actors talking to each other, and it seemed like they were doing it just to get their story on the screen. I'm not sure if it was intended to be an action film or just to act as though it was one. If anyone can point me to the plot, please, please. It should be obvious that a film like this is not supposed to have humor in it, but that is what this movie did.  The acting was atrocious. I couldn't believe that anyone was actually in the movie. Even the "characters" were not believable.  It was a comedy for sure, but it didn't work. It didn't make sense, it didn''t have any sense of action, it was just the actors talking about themselves. I don't know what the plot was supposed to be, but I certainly didn't get any sense that it had any sort of plot whatsoever. I found myself more annoyed than when I watched the original, and I was more annoyed with the actors, who acted as if they were in the scene.  I didn't like the idea of it being on TNT, but since it was on TNT and it was supposed get an 8 out of 10 from me, I figured it would work. Well, no. It did not. It had absolutely nothing to do with the TNT brand. It made no sense. If you don't understand the plot then I'm sure you will not like this movie. I just didn't understand it.  This movie was a waste of time. I gave it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an utter waste of time. I was hoping to see a new, creative and innovative way to make movies and the whole concept of a family with a baby and a big brother and sister living together was something that I had not seen in a long time. Instead I was treated to a bunch of clips from other movies.   The film is just a huge waste of effort and time. All the clips in this movie were awful, and there was nothing to the point that made this movie worth watching. I don't know why this movie exists. If I had known it would be this bad, I would have just never seen it.  I really don't understand how the filmmakers felt that it was worthy of being made. I guess they thought that people would like to see it. That is probably the reason why I saw it, but this movie just made me want to rip the DVD off and throw it out the window. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this movie for the first time and it was so bad that I almost couldn't stop. It was so slow and slow that I thought it would be better on an old school Saturday night when I was 8.  The movie was very long and boring. I couldn't get through more than 2 or 3 scenes without having to pause the movie and fast forward a bit to get through the rest. The plot was completely unknown to me and I kept asking myself why this movie was being made. I just couldn't relate to it.  It was just boring and slow. The acting was poor and the directing was poor.  I just kept wondering what was going on. I felt like I was in a car that was going to be wrecked in the middle of nowhere. The actors seemed like they were in an office, and not in the actual movie. It looked so much like an office that the movie was just made to look like an Office Movie. It just sucked and was awful. I would have much rather seen a movie that was better than this.  If you see this movie don't buy it. Don't buy anything. Just don't watch it. I hate it. It is a complete waste of time. If you want to watch something better watch a bad video on YouTube. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so excited for this film that I waited for almost 3 hours in the parking lot. I wanted to know the story of this film and see if they would be able to capture the spirit of this movie. I was very disappointed when I saw it. I think the script was boring and uninteresting. The cinematography and the direction were terrible. The acting was awful and the story was so stupid. The plot line was so weak and the script had so many holes. The ending was so predictable and so unbelievable. I can only give it 2 stars out of 10. I really wanted to see a great comedy film but the film just sucked. I don't know how they could get away with such a bad film without anyone knowing about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a waste of time to watch this film. The acting was bad. The story was very predictable. I found myself thinking, "I am sure this will be the last film I ever see". I am sure that this film will not get a positive review from the director. The director made an attempt to appeal to a broad audience with the idea that this is an uplifting film about the plight of the Japanese Americans. The only reason this film has a rating of a "D" is because the actors' performance was so awful that they were forced to try to make it up with a bunch of stock characters. The movie could have been a lot better if it were not for the director's attempt to make a positive message about the Japanese American experience in America. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, the director, Christopher Lambert, was a former student of mine, and we had mutual respect for each other. I was surprised when I found out he made a film like this. This movie does not have a coherent story or characters, the plot is boring, and the direction is too slow and has no sense of pace. There is no logic behind any of the actions.  The acting is subpar, and there are some strange scenes. The best thing about this movie is the soundtrack. It is not worth paying money to see the film, just don't watch it.   The reason I have rated this movie so low is because I know this director is a talented filmmaker, and that he should know better. Unfortunately, this movie has no redeeming qualities, and I can't recommend it to anyone. It was a waste of my time and a waste for anyone who watched it. I would have expected better from a film-maker like Christopher Lambert. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful.  The acting was awful, and I would be willing to bet that none of the actors who played the main characters really know what they are doing. The whole movie felt like a series of bad B-movie sequels. The only redeeming quality was the original score, but the song was absolutely horrible. I would suggest that this movie is best avoided if you have an interest in "The Shining", or are looking for a cheap horror flick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off with the main characters talking about how their parents are dead and they want to take over the world. The movie tries to do this by having them all go to college, but it just ends up being a boring, repetitive trip through a college campus. The whole movie is a mess and there is no real plot at all.  The only thing that the movie did well was the opening credits. I thought the movie started off well enough and got to see the main cast of characters and get to know them better. The next 30 minutes however, were just a disaster. The ending is predictable, and there are several plot holes that can't even be explained. I really want to give the movie 2 out of 10, but the movie was just so bad I don't even want to waste my time watching it.  I really dislike movies that are made to make people cry. This is a pretty common theme in movies nowadays. People cry over movies made by people who want to make them cry. It's an unnecessary and annoying trope that just adds more to the pile of crap we already have. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this on VH1, I don't know why, but it was so terrible. It looked like a very low budget film that I would be able to enjoy for a few minutes, then it would fall apart.  There was absolutely no logic, no story, no one character seemed to have any character development whatsoever. I was shocked to see this as a film when I saw the first three hours of it, and I was just hoping that it would somehow have the charm of the previous two movies.  The story had nothing to do with the main character, and if it had, it would have been more interesting. There was no real point in the movie at all, except maybe to have the main female character try to keep the family together. I don' t understand why this was so bad, because it looks so much better than the first two movies, but then again, I'm just a movie snob. The acting was also bad.  This film has the same cast and director from "The Sandlot", except I think they should be replaced with the entire cast and the movie would be better.  I think it's the same director that made "The Goonies", so if anyone wants to know more, go see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a bit disappointed to see that so many people didn't like this movie, as it is the first movie I've seen where the title didn't make it clear what kind of movie it is.  The story is fairly standard and there is a lot of wasted energy, but the acting is awful, the writing is terrible and the direction is so dull that it makes you wonder if the director had any intention of making this movie. It doesn't take a genius to figure out why the title is terrible, but even so it should have been obvious that the title doesn't say anything about the movie.  One of the main reasons that this movie gets an average rating of 4/10 on IMDb is because the cast was good. I can't believe that such a good movie could get such a poor rating. It's like watching a bad Hollywood movie that doesn't even have a director.  This movie is a disaster of a movie, I don't recommend it to anyone, and if you're a fan of the original 'The Wizard of Oz', it would be a good idea to not waste your time watching this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did like the first movie but the third movie was a bit slow and I thought it was going to be a horror movie.  The first movie was more of a fun little adventure. This movie was full of clichs and it just seemed like the producers didn't care about anything except for the characters. There were no real plot lines in this movie. The only thing I was entertained by was the idea of the guy playing the piano. He had so much to say, but the movie just made me bored.  I don't recommend this movie to anyone unless they want to see a lot of clichd lines and the only thing they will get out of this movie is a headache. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was horrible. Some of the dialog was so out of place it sounded like a bunch of middle schoolers having a conversation about a car that they would never have had in a real car, let alone in a movie.  The cinematography was so bad that I couldn't believe it was in the movie. It looked like it was shot in a dark room with a big, bright neon light on the ceiling and the camera moving around randomly. The camera would look like it had a little TV in it. And the dialog had no context to it at all.  If I had known what the movie was supposed to be about, I would have laughed and said it was awful. But I didn't, so I can't be too critical.  In all fairness, the film was based on a novel called "The Road to the Dark Side". But I don't think that made the writing any better.  But the movie is worth mentioning for the few lines that I do like. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did not really enjoy this movie. It has very poor acting, the storyline is very weak and it has very few plot twists and turns. The script is basically a collection of ideas thrown together without any sense of continuity or any real purpose. It is a very predictable movie and that is probably why most people did not enjoy it. I am not sure why the director was so interested in portraying a female character. She looks and acts exactly like the male character in the original film. She is also not even a very good actress.  Overall, I gave it an average rating. It was a very poor attempt at a horror film and very poor at the "Horror" genre. It will probably make you feel queasy if you are a horror fan. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that kept me going through the movie was the characters and their story lines, but that's about it. I felt like I was watching the story of the "Boring Movie" in which the only thing to do was sit in the dark and wait for the plot to come. That is, until the last 10 minutes when I was so bored that I left.  The rest of the movie, especially the opening, felt like an attempt at parody.  So, I can only conclude that the writers of this movie couldn't have written a better script. The characters had no motivation, the story was so devoid of plot and motivation that it seemed as though the entire movie was a joke. It's the lowest rated movie in the history of American cinema. It may have been a mistake to make it in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a bit too far gone for anyone to enjoy it. The acting is bad, the storyline is weak and the visuals are not very interesting. I do not know why it was made and why it wasn't made in Canada. If it was, it would have been a far better idea.  If you like to see people get hit by cars and have their lives destroyed by various explosions, then you will probably enjoy this film. I'm sorry if you actually did like this film, but that is the only reason why I would give it 1 out of 10. I would have given it a 3 out of 15.   I hope that this film is soon made again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are not familiar with the genre, I suggest you to watch "Bitter Harvest" which is a horror movie. This movie doesn't even compare to that. This one is just a complete disaster. The actors are the worst ever in my opinion. Some of them look like they are in the "Chamber" movie which was released in 1998. The acting is so bad that you can hear them laughing in the background of some of the scenes. The movie does have some decent footage but not enough to warrant a watch. I think you have seen all the "Batteries" movies. This film just doesn't hold up to them.  This movie is just plain bad. The special effects are pretty bad and some of them are just plain lame. If you can watch this one, do not waste your time.  I do not recommend this movie to anyone who isn't familiar with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was so badly made and so stupid that I actually laughed out loud when it was over. This is the movie that made me believe that people in this country aren't that smart. It makes no sense at all. You need to go watch the film with a good pair of earphones. If you're a person that likes to see movies that are made by people that are not too stupid to be good at it, then don't watch this film. It's just plain stupid.  I can't say anything positive about the movie because it is so bad. I can only say that it is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I would give it an R rating because it's really stupid. But I can honestly say that this movie will never be seen by anyone who actually likes movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film contains the worst script I have ever seen. The acting was not so bad but it was so much worse than the script. The writing is so poor that it's almost unbelievable. There is no explanation for the characters' actions. The script is very boring. The only thing that kept me entertained was the car crash scenes. If you are a fan of action films then avoid this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time and I'm sure I'm going to be in the same position as most of the people who watched this. I'm only one of three people who has never seen it. I had to read through the other comments on this site.  The movie was about a person who was trapped in a small town. He was being bullied by another student. The bully had to be stopped. I think this person is a little girl. She has her own life in the town.  She has a boyfriend that she loves. But when the bully finds out about this boyfriend she tries to run away. But it doesn't work. They find out about her relationship with her boyfriend and the bully decides to stop her from running away. And I just have to say that this was a poor movie. There was absolutely no action in it and the only thing that really happened was when one of the bullies tried to hurt the other bullies. I was shocked.   I'm sorry for the movie. But if you have some spare time I recommend you skip it and watch the next time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an awful film.  It would have been fine if the film had been a low budget indie film, but it was clearly designed to sell a certain type of movie: a genre of film that's more of a novelty than a serious, well-crafted film. The characters and plot are a total disaster. The cinematography is amateurish and the actors are all over the place. The plot is so completely uninteresting that you can't even care what happens to the characters. The story is a total pile of crap. It's just a collection of events that happen in the movie.  The acting is wooden, the directing is atrocious, and the plot is utterly ridiculous. The director had the audacity to use a movie named "Possession" in this film!   The only thing that could save this film would be if the director got a job in the film industry. I really hope that he never gets his hands on a camera again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was absolutely ridiculous. The story line was awful, the acting was poor and the plot was so farfetched and ridiculous that you could not take it seriously. The plot was a complete farce and the acting of all the actors was terrible. It made you wonder why it was even made. I gave it 2/10.  I know there are plenty of better movies out there. It was a waste of time. The only thing I can praise it for is that it was a lot of fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched the video, and it just didn't make any sense at all.  I have to say that I like the idea of a movie called "Toxic" - and the story, but it's just not the way the movie was made.   The way they filmed the movie with the camera angles was very sloppy and there was too much action and not enough background stuff. I think the movie would have been better with more background and less action. I don't know what they are trying to say with the title "Toxicity", but I can only guess that it means something about a person's health and you should not be allowed to drive a car unless you have a license, and if you don't have a valid license you should never drive a vehicle unless it's in the rain or you're driving a boat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A great deal of the movie revolves around the fact that the lead actor is a "female" actor, and the movie's other cast members (including the female lead) are male. Why the lead actress is a woman is never really explained, except that her name is "Mary Elizabeth," and that she is a lesbian. This has to be the most poorly-written movie I have ever seen.  The movie takes place in a small town in Maine, and it looks like there's a lot of history there. There's no history of the town or its people. There are no people there to relate to, and no history to be told. The characters are wooden and devoid of personality, and nothing interesting happens. In fact, there is no plot whatsoever.  One reason the movie is so bad is that it was written to be a comedy - which it is not. The plot revolves around a guy who gets kicked out of his hotel room because he's gay (he's not). The hotel room is full of gay guys who are in a fight to the death. The movie's humor is based around the ridiculousness of this situation - the movie tries to be funny by having the gay guys make the guys who kick him out gay. This fails miserably. The gay guys are so stupid that the movie has a "gay" joke at the end - they all think that the "gay guy" is gay because he has a heart-shaped chest.  I give this movie a 3. I think it's because of the lead female actor, but it really shouldn't have been a comedy. It has no story. The script is awful. The actors are so bad, they are in fact, just horrible. The cast is horrible. And the movie just...is not funny at all.  If you're a fan of lesbian movies and think that this movie should have been at least as good as, say, "Love Actually" - then you will have a very hard time watching this movie. The main reason why it is so awful is that the cast is so dumb. It's like they all took a week to figure out how to act. It is also extremely low in quality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a complete waste of time. It should have been filmed and published by a reputable studio. There is nothing entertaining about this film.  The script is so poorly written that it's impossible to tell what the character is thinking. The story takes place in a house in a remote cabin, and the characters are completely uninteresting. They are almost all played by the same actor and actresses who have been in so many other B-grade horror films that they are starting to seem like actors who just want to be in movies. I can't believe this film was made by such a small studio. It looks like they just made it for the Internet and made it to look like it.  My only consolation is that this movie was so long and convoluted that it would probably be fun to watch for a few hours on the Internet. But for the rest of us who care about making a bad film, we can't have that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole film seemed like a huge waste of money. This film tries to make us feel guilty for not wanting to watch it, and then it uses our own brains to try and make us care about the movie.  The director should have just taken the whole thing out of his own mind. He seems to think the film is the best way to tell the story, which it isn't. It is a waste of time. I'm going to try to ignore it and watch other horror films because the director has no talent, but that's it. I can't recommend it.  I'm not sure if I have to be the guy who hates this film or not, but I do know that I want to see a little more of it. But if you can't handle it, don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film on a late night late night TV, when it came on and I was too tired to stop watching. I got so drunk I didn't know how to stop. I had to watch it again after I had passed out. I was so bored I couldn't tell if it was funny or not, and I really was bored. I found it really hard to laugh. I'm a huge fan of the show, but I'm very disappointed in this film.  I can't believe the writers/directors were actually making this film! I feel so disgusted I don't know what to say. If you are a fan of these characters, please just skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was about a little girl who is bullied by her friends. She decides to get revenge. She uses her new found abilities to take revenge on her bullies. The problem is that the movie is a complete waste of time. It doesn't make sense at all, and the characters are just so stupid that it's really annoying. This movie was not made to be shown to people. I'm sorry, but it's just plain stupid.  This movie is an absolute waste of money and time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure how many other people had this one, but I do remember seeing it and thinking "What the hell is this?" I didn't understand the plot at all, and I think I laughed out loud. The actors weren't very convincing, and the story seemed very rushed, especially at the beginning. I'd have to say it probably was the worst horror film I've ever seen. It looked like the actors and the direction just couldn't agree on the script. The whole thing seemed like a nightmare. I remember that the DVD had this video on it showing what the film was supposed to be like. It seemed very amateurish and the actors were terrible.  The only reason I rated it an 8 is because it was a few hours long. I wouldn't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read all the reviews and they all said the same thing. I did not like this movie at all. I thought it was made in Canada. I have no idea why they thought it would be good, or why they made it in Canada and I think they made a bad mistake. I think it would have been better if they made the movie in New York, and not in Canada at all, because that is where they really got their ideas. I know they made this movie for American television. If they did it in New Zealand, it would probably have been a big hit.  They should not have made this in Canada, or anywhere else.   I would like to see the original movie. It is better than this crap, and if they did, I would see it at the local video store, and I would probably go and buy the movie because it is such a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this one. The plot is weak, the acting is not very good, the cinematography is bad, the music is weak. The characters are boring, the plot is predictable and the acting seems to be completely out of place. All in all, a terrible film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My initial reaction to this film was to dismiss it as just another "so-bad-it's-good" action flick, only to have to look at the trailer and see what it actually was. I thought that if the film was so bad, it would be so good if the script were better, the production quality was better, or the actors had better chemistry. I was wrong. The plot is a joke, the acting is bad, the sets and costume are cheap, the dialog is predictable, the effects are lousy, and the ending is just so-so. It's not even worth giving a 1/10.  I gave it a 1, because I didn't care about the story. I just wanted to see what happened to the people who were in it, so I could enjoy it again.  The film was awful. You will laugh at it and you will hate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  I am amazed that the producers managed to pull this off. It's just an awful piece of work that should have never been made. The acting is so bad that the movie almost became a comedy of sorts. The storyline and plot seemed to have little to do with the film.  It is so hard to believe that they made this movie. The characters are so boring and ridiculous that they don't even have any motivation. There are a couple of laughs in this movie, but I think they should have had a better script.  The movie is so weak that the entire movie seems to have been made just to get ratings.  This film is probably better suited for a Saturday night entertainment, where people just sit back and watch the worst film ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been around since the 70's and was made in Japan. I have seen a lot of movies since then and this movie still holds up poorly.  First off, the story line was too far in one direction and not believable enough. Also, I did not like the acting. Some of the actors were a little wooden and it was a bit hard to believe they were actors. The film did have some good moments, but overall it was just a disappointment.  The story line didn't end when the credits rolled and I felt like the characters were just hanging out to get out of the movie. It just didn't have the proper pace to keep you from getting bored or annoyed. Also the music was so bland and the sound effects were so bad that you could hear a pin drop.   As for the special effects, they were so poor that I was able to tell that they were actually CGI. The whole movie was so much like any other crappy movie made in the 70s. The camera angles, the special effect, and even the way the sound was recorded were all terrible. The only redeeming quality was the special ending scene, but unfortunately, that was ruined by the rest of the film.  I just want to see a good, well-written horror film that I don't have to pay for. I guess I am just too cheap to really get into movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of the film, the two main characters (the twins) are in love with each other and when the film is about to start the whole film is made to look like a cheesy romantic comedy. The twins meet their mother at a park and soon get married but the story gets dragged out too long and by the time the film was over, it seemed that there wasn't enough story to keep the viewer interested.  The twins are in the hospital and the doctor (who is in charge of their care) tells them that they must be put on a feeding schedule.  So the twins are fed every 3 days but the doctor says that it will kill their appetite. The nurse is so desperate that she tells the twins that they will have to starve to death. The Twins get frustrated and they go on a rampage and the film ends in tears.  Don't waste your time. The only thing you get out of this film is 2 twins getting married and then getting divorced. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is actually not that bad. But I just found it very hard to believe that people would give this one an "A" rating. If they had, they would have been missing out on a very funny and extremely dull movie. In fact, it was really the kind of movie I could only have seen in a "bad" movie theater. And that's just how the movie looks. It looks like it was filmed on an iPhone, or even a Mac, and the acting was awful. It was a real surprise to me to learn that "B" and "C" ratings are given for the kindest of movies, and this one is a B+. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was totally bored with this movie. It didn't have a good plot, or even an interesting story, but the actors were not bad. This movie was a complete waste of time. It was awful. It's an awful movie with no redeeming features. It really isn't a horror movie at all. This was just a horrible attempt to make a horror film. I really hope that the actors involved in this film are in the right, but this movie just doesn't deserve the reputation it's getting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie as part of the DVD collection of a friend who loves horror films. I was actually hoping for something more. This movie was so poorly done that I could hardly get through it. It's just one of those movies that just doesn't make sense. It doesn't have a beginning, middle, or end. The only thing that makes sense is the beginning. I don't even think the movie was made for DVD or home video, it's just a terrible movie made with bad actors.  I don' t understand why anyone would rent this movie. I could have sworn that the guy who made it was better than the other actors. I'm really sad to see such a waste of money. I'll be looking to find this guy's name on IMDb as soon as I can. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are quite a few reasons why this movie isn't rated better. For one thing, it is a very short movie and even the producers must have underestimated how much it would suck by the time it came out. Secondly, it's a low budget film, so the director didn't even have much of a budget to work with. The only reason why the movie was rated lower than the typical horror flick is because it was more "low-budget" and it probably wasn't even as good as that.  The film is poorly written, badly acted, poorly acted, and badly directed. Even the plot and the story are so predictable that you know the movie's going to be one of those terrible movies where nothing ever goes right, but still manages to suck the viewer in for the first few minutes.  If you can overlook the fact that this movie sucks, it still manages the trick of creating an atmosphere of hopelessness throughout the entire movie.  I have no idea what the plot is about because it's been completely left out of the trailers and in the press release. It's really hard to believe that the makers of this movie knew anything about it when they made it. It is, quite possibly, the worst horror film I have ever seen. It has all the ingredients of a bad horror flick. I would like to see someone take this movie out of theaters and throw it in the trash, because it really is a bad piece of garbage.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Star Trek" episode "Space Seed" (also known as "The Time Warp") is a very bad attempt at a Star Trek movie. This is an odd thing for a show to be made and this is a show that has been made before. This show is a disaster. I can't believe that this is what CBS thought they were going to do with the show. Why didn't they just make a straight out Star Trek film like the first "The Next Generation?" Why does this show need an episode about time travel? It's not even a good story. It's just a bad episode. The only reason why I gave it a 9 is because it has one good scene, which is one of the most pointless scenes in all of Star Trek history.  The rest of the episode is just a bunch of cheap, cheesy special effects and a boring story. I would have given it a 10 if it were a good movie. It is NOT. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is completely uninteresting.  It is a bit too slow and the characters don't even make any sense.  The only reason I gave this movie a 3 is because the girl is hot and I think it's kind of funny to see a guy who is a complete loser in love with a hot chick.  I'm sorry to say I wasted 4 hours of my life on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has no plot, no plot. Just like every other one. The plot is about a kid and his sister and their friends going to a school full of "creatives".  And then the movie turns into a boring, stupid and unnecessary movie about the kid and the sister and her friends. It is so awful and stupid that I was wondering if the director even knew how to make a movie. It was a complete waste of time. The actors are terrible. The acting is so bad that I have to wonder if they have ever been in a real school before. I would be extremely embarrassed to have a classmate who was so awful that I would have to apologize for him. The only thing that was funny was that the kid was the leader of the "Creative Club". This is so stupid and so lame that I almost felt sorry for the kid who made it. I'm glad I didn't pay to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a big fan of the show or the movie but I've watched the DVD. If anyone out there can help me with this one it would be great. This is a comedy where the main character is a bad drunk. The jokes are pretty bad. It was a bit too slow and not very funny. There is only one funny bit where he was going into the kitchen with a can of beer. I wish I had a DVD of this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't say that I was completely unaware of this film, I just found it so shocking. In fact, I had thought that this was one of the best movies of the late 80s, and it was the only time I actually laughed at a movie. But I'm surprised to say that it turned out to be one of this century's worst comedies, and the worst movie I've ever seen.  The film is so shallow and unconvincing that it can't even pretend to be funny. I'm not sure how anyone could be expected to see it as anything but a comedy. Even when it tries to make fun of itself, it is so unfunny and so predictable that it becomes completely unfunny, and in a way that is just painful to watch. The film's story is so flat and predictable that the only thing the film has going for it is the fact that the acting is very good. I think that a director with a decent script and decent direction would have done better. This is one of those films that is so far removed from the source material that it's actually disappointing. This isn't even a comedy; it's just a really bad movie. I was hoping to see something a little more intelligent and original, but that just isn't possible with this film.  If you want to see a movie that is completely unfathomable, watch "Shake, Rattle and Roll". If you don't have a strong stomach, just stay away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has some great ideas in it but the story gets lost in the middle of trying to make it a movie. The story and acting are terrible. The script is terrible, there is no dialog to speak of and the directing is terrible. I could easily sit here and point out every bad aspect of this movie.  The only redeeming quality I found was that the cast was excellent. I can't recommend this movie to anyone. It's so bad it's not worth mentioning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that this is the first review that I have ever written. It has been more than a year since I started watching movies. How the hell did it come to be that I still have movies that are this bad? I have seen so many movies before, but I can count on one hand the number of movies that I rated a 7 out of 10. This is a horror movie, but it's not scary. It's just not scary, in fact, I'd go so far as to say that it's downright stupid. I don't understand why anyone who would watch this movie would give it a 10, even a 8, even though I would give the same rating to movies like "Witch", "Nightmare", "The Last House On The Left", "Pee Wee Herman", "Psycho Killer", "Bubblehead", "Cabin In The Woods", "Blood Sport", "Scream", "Chainsaw Massacre", "Wolverine & The X-Men", "X-Men 2", "Spider-Man", "Hulk", "Tombstone", "Black Widow", "House Of Frankenstein", "Planet Of The Apes", "Deadpool", "Ghost", "Ape" and "Booth" if you're interested). I have nothing against comedies. I have been watching them since I was little and they are not too terrible. This movie has been nothing short of an embarrassment to the horror genre and Hollywood as a whole. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this movie. How could they come up with a movie like this? And the fact that it was made in 1983. The actors were horrible, and the plot was just not worth watching. This movie is just the way they want to make movies nowadays. No chemistry, no chemistry, not even a plot. It's just a bunch of guys who are not really actors, just guys who think that you can tell a good story from just looking at them.  I mean, who cares what happens in the movie? The movie could be an hour and a half long, and you still wouldn't understand a thing about it. Just give it to a friend who likes movies like this. And just ignore the whole thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a bad way this film is made by the director who is famous for his movies about very boring and stupid people. So if you like some kind of violence, you will not like this movie. If you like bad movies you will like this. And I mean that it is only bad because the director doesn't care to make the movie interesting or to use actors. This movie is so boring and so unbelievable that it makes the story pointless. The story of the film is a bit like an uninteresting TV soap. I don't know what happened to those actors, but I wish they could have been given some money to make something interesting.  This movie should have been made by someone with a good sense of humor. It was an embarrassment to be made by a guy who doesn't even know how to make a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know, I know. I watched the first film in the trilogy in the theater, and I thought it was very cool. I saw the sequel and thought it sucked. The first film was so awesome that I expected the sequel to be great. But, alas, this film was a very, very, VERY short film, only about 20 minutes. If you're going to watch the whole film, watch the second film. The film was really, really, very short. If it was more than 20 minutes, then you were missing out on a lot of material. The story is terrible, the characters are very shallow, and the directing is just awful.  This film was made for children. It was made to be a quick movie for the family to watch. But the movie doesn't work. It's not scary, and it's not funny. I can't believe it's a TV movie.  I give it 2 out of 10. This movie should never have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a very entertaining movie with an entertaining story and a cast that had a lot of promise. What I got was the worst movie I've ever seen. It wasn't funny at all. It was an embarrassment to the genre. The only good thing about it was the actors. I don't think that there are many actors in Hollywood who are capable of giving the same performances that these actors gave here. They were completely forgettable. It's not even funny anymore because of how awful the script is. I'd give this movie a 2/10. I'm not even joking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film, which was filmed in late 1995, has a very, very long and convoluted story that's difficult to follow, although it seems to have a fairly good script. It has a few elements, but it's not really a movie and it really isn't very entertaining, unless you're really into making things up as you go along.  The story, though, is far too convoluted to keep the viewer interested. It's like an episode of the TV show "Nurse Jackie", only with an added dose of paranoia. There's no reason to believe anyone in this film other than the actor playing the lead, because of the way the story is presented. The film is very poorly acted, although a few of the supporting actors (including a couple of really interesting ones) are actually good. The special effects are pretty OK, but the cinematography and editing are pretty awful. The music is uninspired, but okay.  There are a couple good bits, such as the title sequence, which has a nice "theme" song and, in fact, a decent tune. Unfortunately, the film doesn't make much sense, and the movie is so long and so confusing that it's hard to understand what the point is. And then there's the sex scene. I think the idea was to make a sex scene a surprise to the viewer, but that didn't really work, since the actors didn't know what was happening and the camera moved too fast. It felt awkward to watch. I don't understand what happened between the lead actor and the sex nurse. I really wanted to know what she was up to and I just didn't get it. It doesn't help that there was a lot of sexual innuendo and innuendos in the script, although I guess that was the intention. I didn't like the sex scenes, either. The story seemed to be driven more by the script than the actors, who weren't really giving it much to do.  It was so bad that I actually missed the credits and, instead, watched the "real" movie. I can't even figure out what the plot is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film at the Cannes film festival and it looked pretty bad. But I loved the film because it was so bad, and I don't know why anyone would be so stupid as to think that this was good. It's a total embarrassment. It has no idea what it's about, what it should be about, and it's just plain boring. The acting is horrendous and the story is completely pointless. It was a really bad idea to release it to the public. It would have been better to have it in a theatre or a private movie theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of money for a few bucks. It's not funny and the plot is not a good movie for adults or kids.  The film opens with a stupid, stereotypical Indian stereotype and it's downhill from there. There is one line that sums it up nicely when the old woman says "the Indian way". There's not much else to say but I'd give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie that does not even attempt to make sense. Just a bunch of actors in a bad, silly and uninteresting script that seems to have been made in the late 70's for a local TV show. I was shocked that it wasn't a TV special, or even an adult-targeted version of the show, since it had so much to offer.  It's like a movie that was made in late 1990's, and only got made in 1998. This movie is really a bad attempt at a TV movie.  In the 80's, you could tell a TV show by the quality of its special effects, and that it would have a much better script and production values. In the 90's, I think that TV shows had a much higher level of special effects and production quality. The 90's weren't quite as crappy as the 80s. This film just has no redeeming features. It's the worst excuse I've ever seen for making a TV Movie.  I think the TV Movie industry is in dire straits these days. There are no more original ideas to be had. The best TV movies I've seen in years were made with a much more talented and experienced crew. If you're making a "TV Movie", don't even think about it. If your idea is worth a couple of dollars, go ahead. I mean, you've got to start somewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film that takes a while to get off the ground and when it does it's very predictable and pointless. There's not much plot to it and the characters don't really feel like they have anything to say.  The script is just a bunch of cliches and a few bits of story that get recycled. I can't say I like it but it is not a good watch for people who want to be entertained. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Legend of the Black Hole" is the worst and worst movie I have ever seen.  It is a story about a black hole that threatens to swallow the Earth and everyone on it. A scientist named Dr. Robert Sheckley (played by actor Chris Cooper) is sent on a dangerous mission to find out more about the black hole and find out if he can stop it from swallowing the Earth. It is filled with plot holes, unnecessary and poorly acted scenes, and a lot of sex. Sheckly and his scientist wife (played in the movie by Chris Cooper's wife, Rebecca Hall) spend most of the movie getting drunk and sleeping around. There are scenes where Sheckles says things like, "I'm here to fight the blackhole," and then he is in the black.  I really wish they hadn't made this movie. I thought it was a waste of time. I would have preferred the original, "The Black Hole," which I found more interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was absolutely atrocious. It seemed like it was made by a person who was not very experienced in the directing or directing of movies. I mean, the whole movie was very predictable, and the story seemed to have no real purpose. And I can't help but notice that it was probably filmed in an extremely small studio with very little lighting and no sound, as opposed to a large studio with lots of lighting and sound. The acting was just OK; I really don't care for anyone involved with this movie, but it was definitely not good enough to warrant an 8 out of 10. The ending, while I don't know exactly how it happened, was also a complete disaster. It could have been one of the worst endings ever, but, even though the ending was predictable, it wasn't particularly effective, so it wasn' the best it could do. If you want to see a bad film, this is probably your best bet, but if you're looking for a good film to watch, you will probably find something better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title was misleading at first, but it made the movie much easier to see what was actually going on. The movie starts out with a beautiful beach and then a mysterious woman, who is a bit of a mystery. She is a total blank slate for the rest of the movie. She never seems to have any emotions for anyone other than the protagonist. Her motivations seem to be totally arbitrary and un-related to the main plot. She just appears out of nowhere and takes out the main characters' souls, like they were just some random person. I have to admit that I felt that the story was going on for too long and that I was waiting for something to happen. I really don't know how the plot actually works, but this movie should be labeled "Fruit Salad". The only reason I gave it an 8 was because of the beautiful beach scenes. I give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a comedy about a group of people who want to play a real estate investment firm. However, they all end up getting sucked up in the fantasy world of a fictional American town. The plot revolves around a woman who is being held hostage by her husband. She tries to escape by playing a "game" and, after doing so, he kills her husband and her father.  Unfortunately, the plot is only just beginning, because the woman's father is a killer and the group is constantly having to deal with threats from the townspeople.  The acting is bad, the scenery looks like a high school play, and the jokes are weak and unconvincing. I found the humor of the show very thin, and they all seemed to come at the expense of the plot. They were at least better than the original "Criminal Masterminds" where the characters were just as shallow as this show's.  I really did like the original series, but this one just falls flat on its face. The show tries to be as funny and as serious as "Criminology" but ends up being boring and pointless. In short, "Clueless Bastards" is just a comedy for people who don't like comedies. It should be avoided at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Hocus Pocus" (the title of this movie is what it should have been) is an absolute bore.  It's just plain dull. There is nothing interesting to say about this. It just is a cheap, predictable and predictable "Halloween" movie. There are no twists, no mysteries, and no ghosts. There's not even much nudity. This movie is a waste of time and money. It should be left to people to decide if it was worth it or not. I can't say that I've seen a worse movie than "Hogwarts" "HOCS". The only redeeming quality was the story and it's pretty cool for a short film. But don't watch it if you like to see people getting really drunk and stumbling around drunk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know some people hate the "The Twilight Zone" and think it's the worst movie ever made. But I don't think it was ever that bad. I think it had a few redeeming features in it, but it was pretty bad overall.  I was hoping to see something more along the lines of "The Last Waltz" or "Dalton: The Hardest Job in the Universe" but the ending left me with an empty feeling. I don'T think it really hit it's mark. It's pretty much a copy and paste job of "Dune" and that is the only redeeming feature of it. It just doesn't make sense at all. The plot is really bad. The characters don't seem to have any personalities. The ending was pretty much the same as "The Dark Knight" but without the Dark Knight's cool batman suit.  The acting was pretty weak too. There was no one who could have done a better job than Tom Sizemore and Michael Ironside. The actors should have stayed the hell away from that movie.   It was a waste of time. It should have been the last movie ever to come out of this movie house.  It made the "Fifty Shades of Grey" look like an action flick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the other five movies in the series and thought they were all pretty good. But this one is just awful. Not even the opening credits have any redeeming value. This movie just isn't very funny at all. It's just a bunch of scenes that don't fit together and you can't really care what happens because it's all a bunch off jokes. Even the movie's credits are so off the mark that I actually forgot they were supposed to end with a credits roll and I thought they'd continue on.  There is nothing good in this movie. The characters are stupid and the plot is awful. And the movie doesn't even end at the end, you know what they're going to do in the credits.  I think the only redeeming feature is that there is an ending. But that's it, there's no redeeming the movie itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did not like this movie at all, but the story was interesting. The story was too much about the family being in a movie studio (and not about the kids' school life) and the kids did not seem to be interested in the movie.  The acting was very amateurish, and there were too many mistakes to not think it was an amateur movie. If you like the children acting in this movie, don't waste your time on it. If not, you will not be able to enjoy it as a kid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so poorly made that you might even think it's made by the same studio as the original.  There is not one line of dialog, except for the first part, that actually make sense. There are so many of them that it becomes a real chore to keep up with it.  The script is so badly written that I'm actually surprised the director bothered to get it made. He has clearly had his fill of this genre, and is now content to make a bunch of teen-oriented films that he has not put his name on yet. I'm just glad I didn't get paid for this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film tries to make it seem as if the main character is the son of the founder of the family, which would make sense if he was a really important person, but he isn't.  The director of this film, Chris Morgan, is not a fan of science fiction and is in the habit of making his films as cheesy as possible. It was actually very hard to find a good horror movie about a father who is a member of the Nazi party in Germany in the 1930s. He is a bad actor, a terrible director, and makes the acting worse than a low-budget B-movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really disappointing. The plot is boring and the characters are not believable.  The only saving grace is that it does contain a very catchy and entertaining song (The theme song is actually a cover of a bad song by the band Bumbershoot), but that's about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is about a couple of girls, who are bored at their home. They decide to get their lives together and take a trip to Europe. However, their trip goes wrong, and the two girls get killed by some bandits. However...the two girls stay alive for a little bit. However it turns out, the two are being held captive by bandits. The two girls' names are played by the same actor (Michael Madsen). After the two survive, they get killed and get revived. The film shows the two dying and then going to heaven, where the actor plays the Devil (Michael Massey). The film ends without any resolution and the movie has the worst rating out of all horror films I have ever seen.  The reason why I didn't rate this movie is because it has no redeeming qualities. The acting is terrible, the direction is bad, and if you give a bad rating to a bad film, you deserve it. It's just a bad, terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that this is the first movie I have ever rated this bad movie. I mean, who the heck thought that a low budget film would have this much budget? How many years ago was this even a thing that happened? The only thing that made this movie funny was the opening title sequence and the title song.  The story was really predictable and the actors were the worst.  It seemed that the director was trying to replicate the success of "The King's Speech" and "Shakespeare in Love" by giving out as much material as possible, but not enough to give the audience anything to work with. This movie didn't have the guts to have a real plot and was made out of cheap sets and actors. It was just a bad, overacted, low budget, formulaic film with no real story.  If you have any money in the bank, I would say it is worth watching just to see if you are so desperate for an action movie that you want to spend it on this crap. If you are just looking for a movie that is so bad that you are willing to spend $8,000 on a video rental then go ahead and rent it. You will probably end up getting an hour of low budget "truckers" that are not worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely awful. It is so bad that it's good, because it was made by a very low budget and is a bit of a throwback to old Hollywood (and it looks like a cheap knock-off). The acting is terrible, the music is awful, the story is a complete disaster, and the effects are so awful that you are left wondering why the special effects crew would even be allowed to work on this. The film is only rated 'C' by the American Cinematograph Association (which only gives 'A' ratings to "A" films) because of its very low cost. I know that most other B-rated movies are worth watching, but this one is just so bad I can't bring myself to watch it. I think that it should have been released by the Criterion Collection, which would have given it a 'B' rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this film was very low budget. I thought that the acting was very poor and the story was very basic. This film was only worth 3/10, but it had some good bits. This is the worst movie I've seen in a while. The story is just a joke. The acting is poor, the story is predictable and the plot is stupid. The whole film just seems like a waste of money. The camera shots are terrible. The effects were horrible. The special effects are laughable. It's like they made this film to be as cheap as possible. The actors do look better in other films. I don't understand how people like this film. If I were you, I'd just skip this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure what this film is trying to say. The characters are too stupid and the plot is so slow that you get lost in the movie. There is nothing to like about it and there are many other movies that have a better story line.  This movie is nothing but a bunch of cheap jump scares and poorly acted. I would not recommend this movie to anyone, it's not even worth the time to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing the first two movies (and being told how great they were), I was pretty confident I would be in love with this one. And then I saw it.  This movie just isn't funny, it isn't cute, it's just plain awful. I mean, just plain crappy. And it's the first one I've ever seen that actually made me want to skip out on it and watch the others.  It's not even funny when it's not in the middle of a comedy routine.  I'm sorry I can't give this movie any rating.  Maybe if I were an older person it would've been better, but I'm not. I think it would be a 10 out of 10, but maybe I'll give it a 7.5/10 because it's "not the worst movie I've seen" and I know that means I'll like it. But just don't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is about a family that is not well-dressed but it is in the same house. The film is really predictable and not worth watching because the story lines are all predictable. It is not funny, and does not have much action. The only thing I liked was that there was a great amount of blood and gore in the movie.  It would have been better if the family was more well-spoken. The family does not look like they are from the same family at all. The movie is very predictable and the whole movie is boring. I think this movie is about the worst movie ever made. It would be better to make a comedy, like a TV show like "The X-Files", where the family is not so well-off and the movie was made for the family to laugh at. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise was the best part of the film, but it failed in the end. The plot didn't make much sense and the acting was pretty bad. The visuals were very, very blurry. The story was nothing like the book and was pretty pointless.  The only redeeming factor was the song "I Want You". I just don't know why anyone would have to listen to that song and then spend time watching this film.  I recommend you stay away from this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast is so bad, that it becomes almost impossible to tell what is happening on screen. A couple of times I've almost thought I'd seen the movie in reverse. For example, the character of James "James Bond" Bond is actually a bad guy and not the super spy that we all know him as. His dialogue, even if you ignore the fact that he was talking to his own daughter, is incomprehensible. And the rest of the cast is the same. I wouldn't even be able to give it a 1 or 2, because the acting is so terrible.  One of the more memorable moments in the movie was when Bond was trying to shoot a man and was shot by a gun-wielding thug. There were no guns in the film, the film had no sound effects, and the gun used was an old-fashioned revolver. You could tell the gun was real because the actor had to be a stuntman. I can't think of anything more stupid than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just got off a plane to Europe and saw this movie at the theater. I got it because I am a big fan of movies about the British Empire and I thought it would be a fun watch for my trip to Europe. I was so disappointed. There was no plot, no story, and no character development. I just wanted to laugh, and I got my laugh and it was very brief. I kept watching because the "plot" was funny, but this is a movie about a giant squid. This movie is very weak, very poorly acted, and very predictable. The character development was completely flat. The movie should have been made into a series of shorts instead of a movie. The ending, the idea that the squid was responsible for a massive earthquake, and the whole squid scene were so bad I had to watch the scene again just to make sure I understood it correctly.  The only thing that made the movie enjoyable was the killer whale that was played by a very small, very unmemorable actor. If you want a good movie, look somewhere else for a movie made with a similar theme. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this at the Toronto International Film Festival when I saw the trailers for it, and was excited to see this short documentary about the history of "The Walking Dead", but this was a bad effort, and I would recommend to avoid it. The characters were predictable, and the plot didn't make sense at all. It didn't even have a name for the show, so I was baffled as to how it could have managed to sell itself as anything other than "The Horror". This is the first horror movie I've ever seen that had the names of actors in it that weren't even actors, and no mention of any of them was made about how they were involved with the show. The acting was so bad, it was just plain awful. The only redeeming factor was the cinematography, but I don't think anyone would have paid $10 to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are many things that I'm not impressed with, but this movie made me very uncomfortable. I am an adult, I can handle a few laughs here and there, but even that wasn't enough to pull me through.  The plot is weak and the acting was very weak. The whole thing made me think that there is something wrong with the director. He seems very disinterested in what is going on in the film and seems to want to avoid giving anything much more than an excuse for the movie to be as boring as possible.  It is so frustrating because the movie is so bad that it really does not seem to have any plot or any purpose.   The story of the movie was so stupid and nonsensical that it seemed to be meant for children, and that was a surprise to me. It is just as ridiculous as you expect a kid movie to make. The movie starts off with an almost "F" rating, and then falls way below that. The acting is not great, but it is better than the rest of the film. The only thing I can praise is the song that played in the background during the beginning. That was just great, and I would have liked to hear it played over and over again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has a few moments of greatness, and then it starts getting boring. There are some very good scenes, and some very bad scenes. The story is predictable, there are some moments that really were unnecessary, and it was just not entertaining. The acting is pretty bad, and the story was predictable in places. I really did not care about the characters at all, and I didn't even care if I was in the plot. The ending was very disappointing, and there were just a few bits that were actually funny. The film really wasn't worth watching, and that is really the main reason why it wasn't an overall good movie. The whole idea was to make the viewer feel as though they are watching a film, but instead the viewer was watching a script written by a bunch of people who didn't know anything about film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 10 minutes were good. But after that, the movie got boring and was really bad.  After about 15 minutes of the movie, the plot suddenly stopped and stopped again. It wasn't a surprise, but I was disappointed. The movie was just boring and there was no point to it. I had to keep watching it to get out of the boredom. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this film twice and the first time, I had to stop it. The second time I did it, I only watched the first half of it, and it made me sick.  The first half is not very funny and the plot is extremely predictable. The main character is too dumb to be a bad joke. The movie is really not worth watching.  All in all, I rate it as a 2/10. It was pretty funny at times, but I just think that the director has too much time on his hands and has too little skill to make a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was surprised to see how many people disliked this movie and how many of them actually laughed. The script is absolutely awful, and the acting is laughable. The only reason this movie is listed as "8" on the IMDb is because of the ratings system. It's not because the film is good, it's just that it wasn't bad enough to deserve being on the list.  It's simply too bad to be good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very, very, horribly, unimaginably awful movie. I can't believe anyone would give this film a rating higher than 3/10. I've watched and reviewed movies from the early 80's through to the early 90's - this was the first time I've seen such an awful, awful movie with no redeeming qualities at all.  I've only seen this one once, and only for the briefest of moments, and it is a disgrace to the whole genre of horror films. I'm a horror movie critic, and the reason I can give a 3/9 rating on this is because the acting was OK, but the script is not a good one at all - if you're going to watch a horror film where the killer is played by a guy that doesn't know what the hell he's doing, then don't bother.  The only redeeming quality of the movie is the ending, and that ending is a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not the most original or even the best film that i have seen, but it was the first film that really annoyed me. i thought that it was just a typical horror film made for a young male audience, but then i realized that it is a horrible remake of "Saw". and there was absolutely no reason for me to think that the film was anything other than a "cheap" attempt to cash in on the Saw franchise. the acting was pretty bad, and the plot was not even remotely believable. i really think that if they were going to make this film, they should have at least gone the extra mile and made the remake a lot better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping for a film that could not only have been a film but also a comedy. However, the idea for this film was the worst I've ever seen. It seemed to have the ability to make you laugh but also make you cry. This film is so far removed from reality, you just don't believe it.  I know it's not like they had the budget to make a great film but I was expecting a better film. The only thing I could think to do was to make fun of the actors. The actors had a great talent and they couldn't help but look ridiculous in their ridiculous performances. This isn't even a comedy film. It's a sadistic murder mystery with some great actors and an awful script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was completely disappointing and in no way a tribute to the film's creator. It was an average action film with no real heart to it. It seemed as though the director didn't even bother making a proper sequel to the movie, just as the script lacked any emotion and plot twists. Even worse, the movie was made to look like a Hollywood action flick. The film had absolutely no real fight scenes and no real special effects, and the movie wasn't even the best of the series. I don't think any director would have ever been able to make a decent action flick without having a script that was so far out of the ordinary that the film was made look as if it was a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of the movie is a bit of a joke, considering how many people in the world are fans of "The Simpsons", and how many Simpsons fans are also fans of The Avengers. But the movie gets off to a very bad start. First, the movie takes place in Australia, where "The Avengers" is actually based. There's nothing about this movie's story that makes any sense whatsoever, and the characters are absolutely ridiculous. They act like they're supposed to be the best. And then, the plot gets even worse. You know what the worst part is? The film doesn't even have a script. The screenplay is simply a list of lines that have been ripped off from other movies (like "The Big Sleep") and then some lines that were ripped off of other movies and then re-interpreted. It's just a complete mess of lines and words. But that's the worst of it. The movie also features a very poor CGI, which is probably one of the worst CGI of the year. In fact, it's probably the worst in the entire series.  The movie features some pretty good and some pretty bad action scenes, but the movie also lacks any kind of a storyline. If you want a movie that features a plot, don't bother with "The Amazing Spider-Man", which has a very interesting and interesting story. You can get it on DVD or VHS. If not, just go see the "The Matrix", "Spider-Man 2", or "Spiderman 3", and hope for the best! The "The Incredible Hulk" is a very weak attempt at a Spider-man story, but one can always watch a good Spider-Men film instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I would like to give credit to the guy who directed this film. He has made a very amateurish attempt at a film but the fact that he has made this film means that this film is probably one of the worst films I've seen this year. It was a complete waste of time for me, the audience and the actors. This film is so badly made that I can't even find the time to give it an 8 out of 10. The plot is extremely boring and the acting is extremely unfunny. The actors all seem to have a completely different personality and a totally different character than the people in their own films. One actor has such a bad character that he is practically unbearable and that is the main reason why I'm giving this film a 3 out of 5. The acting is so bad that I doubt that anyone in their right mind could even watch this film, let alone understand it.  I could find other flaws in this film such as the fact it does not make sense and is filled with pointless and boring dialog. This is probably a film I would rather not see, I hope it gets the "rubbish" rating it deserves. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst horror movies I have ever seen. It has a terrible acting, bad story, and no direction. The acting is just so awful that you really need a doctor's opinion to determine how the characters act. This movie is one-sided and really sucks the energy out of you. I was expecting a more intelligent, original story line, but this movie was all over the place.  There is no character development at all. No real emotions, no real suspense, no suspense, nothing. The only thing that kept the movie going was the soundtrack, which was about the only thing keeping the movie from being a complete bore. I give it 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping for a great movie but I'm disappointed. It was so boring and so predictable that I thought it would be better with some more comedy and maybe some humor. It just seemed to be stuck in a boring story. I thought the plot might have been too complicated and maybe the director wasn't in on it. But I couldn't believe he would put a comedy on this movie. I didn't understand the jokes or the humor in the story. You really had to watch it to understand why it was a bad joke. The movie should have been 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was sooooo bad I really thought I was watching a different movie. I thought the director had done a good job of creating a good plot line but he lost the plot and ended up losing the plot again. The ending was the only thing that kept me from giving the movie a 1 out of 10. If you have ever done a film or movie and thought the ending was lame or just plain stupid, don't waste your time. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I really don't know how anyone could have ever watched this movie and think it was good. This movie should be rated a 1. It is the worst movie I have seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not exactly a low-budget movie but the plot is so ridiculous that I just cannot believe it's all that far from being possible. It was supposed to be a low budget comedy. That was the original plan. This is the second time I've seen a director attempt to do a lowbrow movie that isn't even funny, let alone bad. It's actually worse than a bad low-cost indie film.  It also has a lame soundtrack and is totally devoid of the script.  The script is so bad that the only thing worse is the movie itself. If it weren't for the fact that this is just about the worst film I've ever seen, I'd give it a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just had to say, "that's the worst movie I have ever seen."  This film is really awful. It is completely incomprehensible and you don't understand anything, not even the plot. The film itself was OK, but the script was completely nonsensical. I can't believe they made this thing. It was absolutely awful. I don't care if they are a huge Disney franchise, it just isn't a good movie. I just don't get it. This is an extremely lame attempt at making a kid's movie. It's like a big middle school script.  The plot is so stupid, I was so confused when it was over.  One of the things that bothered me most was the lack of the usual live action footage that is usually included in these films. That really made it difficult to watch the whole thing because I was totally lost in the film.  In short, I just felt extremely disappointed and cheated. It isn't worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that comes to mind when I think of this movie is how poor it is that the director has to make a movie about the only movie he's ever seen. That's a big problem considering the fact that the movie has no story, characters or plot.  There's no story because the characters don't exist, they just act out scenes and make stupid mistakes.  I don't know if it's possible to make something out of a movie without a story line. That doesn't mean the movie isn't worth seeing, it just means that the story lines don't make up for the fact the movie sucks. The actors are all average, and the acting is bad, but the story line doesn't even make up in the movies worth.  The movie is about a kid who goes to see a girl he loves, who's really a guy, and who thinks she's a guy. He gets his wish, and she decides to get married, but she can't be his bride because she has to marry a guy (the title of the movie is "Fool's Day"). This guy goes to a church where his parents and other church people (like his father and the priest) are acting as his parents. It's not a big deal.  Then, out of the blue, a couple of years later, he decides to marry the girl.  After the wedding, the guy's dad is dead, and he comes back to his mother (with his new bride). The mom decides that she wants to marry this guy, too. The mother and her daughter have a really sweet relationship, but there's a problem.  It turns out that the mom and her husband have been playing with a magic potion that will allow them to live forever. The potion has been put into the woman's body (the movie ends after this), and now, they're married and living together forever. Well, not forever.  But what a problem that's solved, right? No, no, the problem is that he and his wife still don't want to get a divorce, because they want to keep being together forever, forever, and ever.  If they divorced, they'd have to pay alimony, and since he's a college graduate, he would be paid a lot of money by the court. The problem is, they'll never get a settlement agreement from the court, so he and the mom can't get a new agreement, because his mom's husband is dead
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I watched this movie, the director of it, Michael Ruhl, and the actor who plays the character of the father in it, Kevin Kline. I didn't think it was a very good movie at all. We got to the end and it was just sort of sad, the way they were so desperate for money that they couldn't even have a decent movie in it. We never got to see the father, he was never mentioned. All the other characters were the same as they were in the first movie. The characters were so unlikable that I just didn't care to see them anymore. It was just so awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A mediocre and very predictable comedy, this movie doesn't have any humor in it at all. In fact, the only thing I can say for it is that it has a few laughs. The rest of the movie is very dull, as if the writer tried to do something interesting with the script, but it's too much of a waste of time to waste watching it.  The story is predictable and has no depth to it. The story was predictable but I didn't think that the story was very good either. It was very boring and I didn' feel anything in this movie.  I don't think this movie is a good movie at all, and I would advise not to waste your time on it. If you like movies with a lot of swearing, that is definitely a good choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the previous review, I didn't expect the director to do much more than just repeat the same old, recycled, and stupidly made films from the previous few years. This one falls into that category. This is so bad that I can't even be bothered to give a bad review. The acting is so poorly done and the direction is so flat and dull that I just wanted to run out of the theater.  The story itself is pretty weak, and it doesn't make sense. For example, the father has just died in the middle of the movie, and you see him standing at the window looking out at the sea of people on the beach. But he has no memories of his wife and children, and has no idea how they died, what happened to the man's body, or how he lost the money he was trying to save. It's so ridiculous that I didn''t even want to watch the movie because I felt that it had already been spoiled by the previous film. I just can't understand how the movie has gotten this way. The characters are so wooden and stupid that I'm almost sure they're all brainwashed, and the film doesn't even pretend to make any sense.  I was hoping to see some improvement, and I was not disappointed. But it was just plain stupid. The story was so uninteresting that I had to stop myself from leaving the theater in the hopes that the director had actually figured out how to write a decent script. I didn' t.  And it's even worse than the last one. In that one, the story made sense, the acting was good, and all the characters were well-developed. Here, none of them are even remotely likable, and there's no sign that the movie had any kind of intention to be entertaining at all. The only saving grace was that it was a PG-13 rating, and we didn't have to endure the two-hour long version of the same thing that was in the previous movie. But that only made it worse. The first 10 minutes of the film were so dull that they could have been made into a TV show.   The movie also has some of the most cringe-worthy lines of all time, and one of the worst opening scenes ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a very slow, boring and extremely depressing. No humor, no real emotion.  It's like a very poorly made soap opera, except it's worse.  I thought the script was very weak. The characters were not interesting, nor believable. I couldn't believe that the director was a woman.  There was no believable reason why anyone would be in this movie, or why they would be making this movie.  This movie was so terrible, that I almost bought the DVD. The story line in this film was so weak and poorly executed, that it made me laugh. It wasn't funny, but it wasn't that bad. I just wish there was more to this movie... but that's not even a bad thing. I wish this movie had a better script... maybe I would have seen the movie differently.  The acting was terrible. There was not one real actor in this picture, and the only reason I saw it was because the director thought the actors could do better.   The plot is so predictable, that the movie was almost boring. The ending was so predictable that I didn't feel a sense of joy until the last minute of the movie. And the last minutes of the film were just boring... but not in a good way.  One thing I will say, that was very good was that the song in this was the most disgusting song ever written, and that's saying something.  What's that? The movie was rated as 10/10?! I can't believe they gave it such a low rating. That was not a good movie. If this was a movie made for teens, it would have been a 10/9, not 10/8. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After reading the description of this movie, I assumed it must be some sort of parody. However, I was surprised to find that this was actually an official remake of the TV series "The Simpsons".  To my surprise, it seems that the producers of this show thought it would be a good idea to remake "The Simpson's" TV show. I found it amusing that it was the first parody to be created without the original creators, who I assume are dead, and without any explanation. Even worse was the fact that the plot was quite similar to the original series. So, if you're looking for an original, why not just watch "The Adventures of Homer and Marge" and save yourself some time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film tries too hard to be funny. It's not funny. I don't understand how anyone can find anything funny about a film where a man is molested and raped repeatedly in the woods.  In fact, there are so many other scenes that I'm still at a loss to find what they're trying to say. I know there's something going on with the two women who are in the film, but I don'T know what it is.  This film was very weak and poorly acted. It was very shallow. I felt like it was going through the motions in the beginning.  I saw it for $5 and I couldn't see the point in paying $12 for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be a comedy about a group of "pigs" (a term which refers to wild, aggressive, and aggressive animals) who are in the process of starting a new life on a farm. But it turned into a comedy of horrors. The movie is about a farm where the pigs, because of some sort of genetic defect, cannot distinguish between their natural habitat and the "farm". It goes downhill from there, and there's nothing funny about it. The pig-farming community is a bunch of idiots, and the pigs are treated like they're livestock. The whole thing is basically an awful, boring, very slow-paced comedy. It's just so stupid that it makes you want to run off and see something else.  The only redeeming factor of this film is that it has the most disgusting pig-slaughter scene in recent memory. I'm not kidding. The scene where the hog-man and the pig-woman eat each other is just so gross that I was ready to throw up from it. And it's not even in a pig movie. This is one of the worst scenes ever made.  If you want a movie with a decent plot, look elsewhere. This movie has no heart. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to this movie, but it is really disappointing. I really liked the first movie, and the second one was pretty good, but this movie really falls flat. The actors are so, so, annoying, and they just make this movie a nightmare. I've seen movies like this, but they are not really good movies. This movie really needs to be a horror movie, because it really doesn't make sense at all, and it just falls apart after 10 minutes.  If you like horror movies, go for it. But don't waste your time watching this movie. It's really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is absolutely impossible to say a good thing about this movie. I mean it literally can't be. It is so far from being a good movie, that it's just awful. I'm sorry to say, I really have to say something about the movie, because it's so bad. I watched it with the hopes of having an entertaining experience, but instead it made me want to quit the movie. It was just awful! It's a pity that they decided to keep this one, because I think that they could have made better movies with this cast. I wish I could give them credit for that. The only good thing I can say is that they did try to make a decent movie with this one. However, there is no way that I can recommend it.  I just want to say that I hate movies that don't make sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie twice. The first time was at the cinema in France, the second time was on DVD. I was in the middle of watching the last 20 minutes of the film when I saw a few lines of dialogue that I was really not sure what they meant. Then I saw the DVD copy. This was the first time I saw what I consider to be the worst of all time. It's just not worth the DVD. There's no plot, the acting is awful, the plot is not believable, the cinematography is awful and the effects are so very bad.   I wish I had more of the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out promising. The camera moves through a house in which there are many kids and a mom (Caitlin Dukakis). She tells us that all of the kids are in their rooms with their mothers. Then we see the mom with the kids and the kids leave the room and enter the room where the mom was.  What we are left with is a bunch of kids running around the room, some of them are naked and some of the scenes look like a bunch a kids are dancing to some old song.  Some of the movie looks like the movie was made to be shot in a small town with only about 10 people in it.  The rest of the film is a mess. The movie doesn't make sense, the acting is terrible, the sound is awful and the movie doesn;t make sense at all. The ending is just as pointless as the movie started out. I would have given it a 1 out of 10 if I were a kid.  I would highly recommend not watching this movie if you don't like horror. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure if the director of this film was unaware of the fact that this is a parody of a horror film. If you are a horror lover and find this film entertaining then by all means you will enjoy it, but I can't recommend it to anyone other than a person that likes to make fun of horror films. The premise of the film is terrible and the acting was awful. The acting is pretty good, if you are able to enjoy the film you will find that the acting is really lacking. The plot is too predictable and the ending was not a surprise. The director's last line was one of the worst I have ever heard. The story was about a family trying to get to a safe house but the family's house is falling apart. The ending is not a shock, just another cheesy horror film ending. I did not recommend this film. It was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character is a pretty hot chick who loves to dance, but when she is asked to dance she doesn't dance. She dances for a man and he has to take her to the dance floor. He dances for her and it turns out that the dance she is dancing to is her only dance. The guy takes her to a room and asks her to suck his dick.  The movie starts with the girl dancing in the background, then in the next few minutes, she dances for the guy, and then it's back to dancing again. After a few minutes of dancing, she finally dances for this guy, but she doesn 't do anything but that.  I would have given the movie 1/10 if the movie was not so painfully predictable. I mean, there's the guy who gets really hot for her dancing. There's the scene where he tells her that he wants to fuck her in the ass, and there's a scene where she gets fucked in the butt. There is also a scene in the beginning where she dances and then the movie just goes away from her for the rest of the movie. The only thing I can say is that the guy was a bit creepy in his dancing with the girls.  What's worse is that there's no story in this movie, except for the story of how the girls got into the dance club. And even though the movie has a pretty good plot, the movie doesn't have a story, so it gets worse every time it's repeated.  This movie is probably the worst film I have ever seen, and it probably was the worst I have seen from the director of the American version of "Hustler". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a complete waste of time. It's just like the other two movies with no real story, plot, character development or even direction. The only redeeming quality is the acting.  In one scene a girl is walking down the street when she sees a man. She runs towards him, gets shot and dies. The film is full of shots of the girl falling over and dying in the street.  The story is totally incoherent and pointless. I found this movie completely unoriginal, totally boring and utterly predictable. I just want to say that this movie should have just been titled "Death Wish". This is what you get if you put a "Death" movie with a "Wish" movie.  I was expecting something that was going to be more interesting. I was hoping for a "Deadly" and "The Man Who Wanted to Live Forever" kind of movie. It was neither. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie with a few friends, and it's not funny. It's so uninteresting. It makes no sense at all. It is just stupid and lame. The acting is terrible. The story is completely unbelievable. This movie was awful. And when the movie is over, it is just a waste of time. The only good thing about it was the music. I just wish that someone would make a sequel to this film. I mean, this is just plain stupid. I wouldn't waste my time on this movie. I am going to avoid this movie at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film's plot is pretty much irrelevant. This is a case where the filmmakers had so little interest in the subject matter that they couldn't even bother to write the film's story. This isn't to say that the film isn't a bad film. It's just a very, very bad film, and one of the worst that I've seen. There's no plot, no story, and absolutely no character development, making this a film without any hope of making it watchable. I wouldn't even waste my time trying to watch it. This film should have been a comedy about a man who falls in love with a woman he thinks is the world's hottest. Instead it is a film that was made to make money for a studio. It should have focused on the real story of the real person in the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was as if a movie with a great cast and a big budget and a great script could not be made without the awful directing. What a waste of time and money.   The movie itself was really, really, REALLY bad. It's really, truly, really bad. If I had the time and I was able to watch the entire movie, I would probably have rated it at a 1.5 or something. This movie was so, so, stupid. It made me feel like I was watching a TV movie, not a film. I would rather watch a video game, not this movie.  I'm not kidding when I say that the movie seemed to be about how the best movies are made. How the best movie ever made is made without a bad script or the best actors in the world.  It's about a story that's about two people that are supposed to be the best at their job but are both so terrible at it that it makes them seem like robots. It makes me feel so uncomfortable that the writers had to waste time and effort trying to make the movie look like it was made by a person. If you watch this movie, you will feel frustrated and annoyed because the actors were so, SO, awful. It really, absolutely, makes you feel like you're watching a bad, low budget, low quality, low grade movie. The actors are so, such, awful in this movie! The story is a total bore. It was about how a couple of kids that were good at being in movies were so stupid that they made movies that were about movies. I'm so, really sorry that this movie was made, and I'm sorry that it's a waste for the cast and crew that made it.  Don't watch this film, unless you really want to see how bad movies can be made. If your brain is really, honestly, really stuck in the way you will only be irritated. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete waste of time, especially the first part of it. It just feels like a waste of film to waste so much time on the "plot", especially if the director had not seen a bad action movie before. This movie, as I see it, is an homage to "The Karate Kid" and it shows a lot of the same thing. There is no actual fighting, there is no story, the "bad guy" gets killed off-screen, and the only way to win the fight is to "take it back".  The only reason why I found this movie worth watching is because it showed a lot more about the "real world" of Karate than most of the action movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was so much to like in this movie. I liked the movie so much, I even made a video of it (as a tribute to the movie) for a friend who watched it and it was only 2 minutes long. It's just so boring and pointless. I mean come on it's not even funny, it's just boring. But to be fair, I do like the movie's theme. I did like the music and the film was very well made. But what a waste of time. The story, the acting, the direction, the script...all just so...boring. This movie is really bad. I would have rather watched a 3 minute movie where the movie wasn't really good, and wasn't much fun. I really hate movies like this. It just...can't be fun.  This movie should have been so much better. But, it was just a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wanted to like this movie, but it was just not worth the effort. I think the story was okay, and the acting was OK, but the direction and the effects were terrible. And the ending was a mess. It was just way too predictable, and there was absolutely no character development, or any type of relationship with anyone in the movie.  The only good thing was the plot. It's very basic, but I like that it's not predictable, because it allows the story to have a bit more room to develop. I don't know what's going on in this movie. The actors were so terrible that it made me wonder if they even knew how to act.  I don''t think they are actors. The characters were all very flat and nothing was ever resolved, and no one was ever even in the room when anything happened.  Just give me a movie that makes you laugh, and a movie where you feel that it wasn't worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing about this movie that I can really recommend it is that it might get a few laughs. But I can't recommend it because it's just not funny at all.  The movie is pretty much a comedy with a plot about a couple of guys who are in a car crash (with no plot), and then have to deal with their dead sister and boyfriend who have been raised from the dead and then get married (without knowing anything about their past) because of their dead spouse's ghost. There is a guy who is the only person who has a clue what happened to his dead wife. And then the guy has to get revenge on the girl that raised him. The girl and her friends have no idea what the guy's been up to. The whole movie is just awful. I know it's a horror movie, but it's so bad that it's hard to see what was supposed to be funny in it.  I can only recommend this movie because I'm a huge horror fan. But that doesn't mean that I would recommend this one to anyone who likes horror movies.  If you want to see a movie that doesn''t have a story about a haunted house, a haunted car wreck, a dead girl and a guy in a motorcycle helmet, you will be disappointed. If you can get over the fact that the movie starts off with a motorcycle accident and ends with the guy having to get his dead sister back, then you might like this one. But it's not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just so bad it's not even funny. I mean, there are some funny bits, but I can't help but notice that some of the jokes are just really lame. Like when the guy is talking to a guy that looks like a horse. I've never seen a movie with such lame jokes before. And when they have a big fight, it just looks so much like a lot of people are just standing around, and nothing is happening.  I mean what the hell happened in this movie. You see the guy in the movie and he has all these guns and everything, and then you think that you can actually shoot it with a gun that looks kinda like a rifle, and you are actually going to shoot the guy. I'm not kidding. It was actually worse than "Tales of Terror". The guy gets to kill all of the people in the first half of the movie, and the movie then ends with him just standing there in the middle of the screen, and it's just so stupid that I can not believe that it happened.  So what was the point of this movie? Was it supposed to be a comedy? I think not. I don't think it was. It's just a complete waste of time. And I mean really, it really is just such a waste of your time. The guy just looks like he's just standing in a hallway and he's trying to kill you, and even the gun that they use in the beginning of the flick looks like it's supposed to have a huge amount of recoil. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit I was a bit surprised at this one. I have watched and enjoyed so many other movies from this director, so I had high expectations. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. This movie was boring, predictable, and just plain awful. The acting was terrible and I did not understand what was going on in the story. I really did not care if the director's intention was to make a fun, adult film. In fact, I didn't really care if it was a comedy or a horror film, as long as the script was horrible. I think I'm just gonna leave it alone for now. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen the original TV series or movie. So I just watched the DVD version of the first movie. It is just so incredibly stupid. The acting is awful. The plot is so poorly done. The movie's theme song was so bad. The ending was so pointless. And I can't believe they bothered making the movie twice. The actors all looked the same. The camera kept panning back and forth, showing us nothing but their faces. It's just so...crap. The whole movie sucked. I was just hoping for a movie where there wasn't so much as a line between the characters. But this is just stupid. This is the worst TV series I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is not even worth watching. It's about as entertaining as a high school fight club fight, but the fight club never ends.  The film is actually about how a group of high school students get into a fight club, and they never end the fight.  There's actually a fight scene in the film, but it's so stupid it hurts. I have never seen a fight so stupid. They are all about to throw the first punch, then a kid runs out and the rest of the club members are all going to fight him, but they don't.  In one scene a teacher is talking to another teacher about how she can't stop fighting. She tells the teacher that she doesn't want to stop fighting, but that she can only beat the person she's fighting.  What is that teacher supposed to do? Just beat the kid who is about to get in her way. She can't beat him, so she just lets him beat her. Then they get into the ring and start to fight. And then the rest is just as dumb as the first one.  You have to see the fight to know how it ends. It is a total disaster. You'll laugh, then you'll cry. But then you will get to the end and just cry again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating is a 3. It's just not a good movie. It lacks the subtlety of the better ones and just a bit too much gore for its own good.  There's nothing good about it at all. It just has too much violence, nudity, and sex scenes.  The movie's just boring. There's no real plot. There are just some very bad characters.  I give it a 3/10 because I'm a little bored and I don't know why anyone would want to watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that the movie is probably not going to make the "A" movie. It is just about the most boring movie I have seen in the last 20 years. It's a waste of time for any person who would see this movie. I would not even recommend it for anyone under the age of 15.  The plot is pretty basic. The actors don't seem to be acting as they do in their other films, and the movie looks pretty lame. The only redeeming factor of this movie is that there is some good acting. I really didn't like the script. I just couldn't get into it. I give this movie 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was so boring that I had to ask the audience if they had a headache and whether they wanted to continue.  I think the director should have been fired. I think he should have just been thrown out of the film school and asked to make a couple of movies with a guy named "Barry" for his senior year project. He could have made one and called it "The Adventures of Barry", which is actually a very decent movie. He probably didn't get the script by one of the other screenwriters, because he wasn't given a lot of material to work with.  There are too many plot holes to be able to believe that they were actually trying to make something. And there was too little action to make it worth watching. This is what the "B" in the title stands for. I thought it would have been a decent film if it was the "W" in "Boom" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I found myself writing a negative negative review on this was because I knew that there was no chance it could have been a good movie. This was an unmitigated disaster. It was so bad that even a guy like myself who does not normally care for horror movies would find it offensive. It should have been obvious that this movie was made for people who are looking for a cheap laugh, but the plot was so pointless that it would have made better if it had been a comedy.  It is not the worst horror movie ever, but it is the worst film I've ever seen from the studio I worked for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was surprised to see the amount of trash I've already read about this movie. After watching it, I was even more surprised to read the review about how "bad" it was.  There is only one thing that I found interesting about it, that is the "cinematic style" of it, and that was really bad. The plot was so contrived, that you could imagine the actors were just playing their parts. I found it hard to believe that the director and the writer knew this, or that they had the ability to write such a movie. They were obviously not capable of doing anything more than writing and directing, and then editing it. The only reason this movie was made was because it made money. It's a shame to waste it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've seen in my life.  I can't believe how stupid it is. It's the kind of thing you might get from an "adult" video store, except the adult version doesn't come with the graphic content.  It was just the worst. I mean, there's no story. I can only imagine the guy who wrote it had never seen the "slutty" movie he was writing.  The dialog is terrible. The actors didn't have any chemistry with the other cast members and they were just annoying as hell. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. It doesn't deserve any credit. It makes no sense. I guess you have to be a really good writer to have a movie like this. I'm not a movie writer, but I don't know if I could do it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very happy to see "The Twilight Zone", but this film falls to pieces in the end. It's really depressing, and it's just really awful. The acting is weak, the script is weak.  I really wanted to like this film, but I just couldn't. The film doesn't make sense at all. It seems to be a mixture of the two. It is not a good movie to see if you are a fan of "The Wizard of Oz".   The plot is very weak, and the acting is awful. I'm giving this movie 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never seen this movie before and I was really expecting to love it. It looked good on the trailer but it was completely different. It's not a very good movie to begin with, the music is terrible and the acting is awful.  I don't understand why this movie was made when it looks so much better on the screen. The plot was a waste of time, nothing was really accomplished and there wasn't a single character who was interesting to watch. It just seemed so pointless.  It was very disappointing. I can't even say that I like the movie, because I just don't know what to expect. It was not even funny, there was no funny line or anything. It felt really rushed and the script was very predictable. I mean, how did this movie get made in the first place? The script was a total mess and I just can't understand how it got made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was a funny idea until the end when it turned into a complete joke. I thought I was the only person who liked the idea and the only one who got it. The only reason I was able to enjoy this film was because the guy was a total idiot. The guy in the movie is the only thing worth mentioning about it, so if you want to see something funny, just stay away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie looks like a cheesy made-for-TV show. The story and the acting is not very convincing. There are some funny bits, but most of the movie is just an insult to all the people involved. I think there are too many plot twists for a movie and not enough story. In the end, the story is just a few scenes from the book. But the plot is so predictable and the movie doesn't make sense, that it's not worth watching anyway. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Black Cat and The Cat", which was a remake of "Black Cat and the White Cat", has a very poor story. The plot revolves around a young woman who meets a man who she thinks is the man she has fallen in love with, and the man's wife, who is in fact, her husband. The movie has a lot of shots of the wife's husband in his underwear and other underwear, and even though they meet a few times and have sex, the husband and the wife don't seem to really get along well with each other.  The movie doesn't really hold a candle to "Black cat and the white cat", which is a much better film. I have seen all the movies that are a remake or remake of a classic movie, and I have to say, "The Cat" is just awful. It has one of the worst titles I've ever heard. It is very low budget, and very, very, VERY dated. I can't believe this was released in 2001. It's like a movie that was made in the 60s, but made in 2000. I don't understand why the producers decided to make this movie, unless they were just tired of seeing the same old story over and over again. I guess this movie is just a cheap way to get money.  It also has a ridiculous ending. The story is totally bogus, and it just makes no sense whatsoever. The ending is completely predictable, and so was the entire movie. I just don't get it. It would have been better to have left the ending as it is, because the ending isn't that important anyway.  In all fairness, this movie was made way back in 2000, and since it was made so long ago, it might have been made to make money, rather than to make a decent movie.  If you want a movie about a man and a woman falling in love, this isn't it. If you don't mind watching a poor attempt at a movie, it isn't worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is completely lame, the acting is terrible, and the story is completely without merit. The plot doesn't even make any sense. And the final scene of the film is a huge waste of time. The film doesn't really have a good end.  The plot and the acting are both extremely poor.  Overall, this film is an absolute waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not even a fan of the film, but it did get me curious to see what was going on in the minds of the actors. I found myself in the middle of the movie watching people talking to each other as if the whole thing was being acted out. And it's the same every time. I mean, it's a movie where a bunch of people are talking about something, but none of them really know what they're talking about.  It's an attempt at a film about the relationship between a couple and their child. The story is supposed to be about a father and daughter that is in trouble because of their divorce, and the mother wants to get back with her ex-husband. The father wants to keep it simple and not get into trouble, and so he decides to keep the daughter and son separated. But the father is not able to control the daughter's behavior, and eventually the daughter starts to get violent towards the father and eventually he is forced to break up with her. This is the beginning of the trouble the movie wants us to believe the mother is going through.  The acting was terrible, and all the actors should just go away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character of this movie is a woman with no redeeming qualities. She looks like she was given a lot of free time and then put into a movie. She is a little too obsessed with her pet monkey that has to eat every two hours. There are moments where she actually has to force the monkey to eat. But the only good thing about this movie are the special effects. The film is very boring, it's just a bunch of puppets that are put into the movie. I could not care less about this flick. It is very annoying to watch. This movie was made with a bunch money and they could have made a good movie out of it. If you are going to spend your money on a movie, don't waste your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the definition of 'cheap' film. This is the kind of movie that is only entertaining for people who don't know how to watch a good film. There is a lot of violence, but the movie is so incredibly shallow that it is almost meaningless. The actors seem bored by the material. They spend most of their time on the screen. They never get in each other's way.  The story line about the police trying to catch the 'killer killer' (I don't think they are even trying to stop the killer anymore) is extremely predictable and boring. The movie is filled with scenes that have no effect on the story whatsoever. For example, there is a scene where the killer (who we all know is a cop) kills a woman who was trying to get help. He then tries to leave the scene and has to shoot and kill the cop who had tried to stop him. The scene is filled to the brim with exposition and it is so unbelievable that I felt cheated. I don't mean that it was not enjoyable, just that it could have been so much better. This movie doesn't have much substance and it's almost impossible to suspend your disbelief.  It isn't a particularly good movie, but it is cheap. You can see the film in any cheap cinema near you. If you are going to see this film, you are wasting your time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's so bad, so lame, so devoid of any meaning, that it's almost as if they made it up out of thin air.  The movie begins with a series of clips of scenes taken from various movies. It turns out that one of them has the same name of a movie they were supposedly making.  What follows is the most boring and uninteresting movie ever made. It's like a video tape of the actors talking about the plot of the movie and the script.  All of the characters are bland, they act so lifeless, and the movie's plot is so unbelievable, that I was left wondering whether the director of the film is really a person, or whether he is just playing out some kind of sick fantasy.  It is a shame, because this is one of the only movies in existence that I can honestly say was worse than I expected. If you have to be at work on a Saturday, and want to watch something that is guaranteed to make you feel bored and uncomfortable, then go watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes for this movie, and I was looking forward to watching this film. I was expecting a lot of fun with all the actors and the theme song. Unfortunately, it turned out to be a very lackluster film, which is the exact opposite of what I was hoping for. It's really disappointing to see such a promising movie turn out so badly. I understand the movie is meant to be humorous, but this film failed to deliver even a few laughs. Even worse was the fact that the actors seemed to have no motivation to act. The actors in this film were just standing there and not doing anything. The only redeeming factor was that I thought that they could do a bit better than this. I just hope that the studio behind this movie will take it off the shelf and make it into an original feature film. This movie should be made into a low budget horror movie that could be better than the one in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director was a film buff who wanted to make a horror film, but got the idea to make it all about a girl who fell victim to a serial killer. The plot is so unbelievable and poorly executed that you wonder how the director and cast could come up with such a poor script. I have to say, the acting is a bit better than I thought it would be, but not by much. The movie doesn't make much sense.  Overall, this film is nothing special and just a waste of money. I can't say I'm not impressed with the director, but I'm going to give him the benefit of the doubt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a way I can understand the idea behind this movie. I have been doing this since I was 8, and I still have a copy of the DVD. I do have to say that I was very disappointed by the acting, and the lack of story, direction, and story. The main character was not even likable. He did not seem to have any real emotions at all.  I also have to mention that there was no story at all, and only one ending. It is a shame that this film was made, because it is not a very good movie. It should not have been made, and it should not be made again.  If anyone wants to see this film, it should be free to rent or buy on DVD, and anyone who wants to hear the story of this film should buy the DVD or rent it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the previous review, I stated that the script was very formulaic, predictable, and not particularly original. I would like to add that the acting was, however, very bad. This film is a train wreck.  The story was predictable and did not give much depth to the characters. Most of the plot was predictable. The actors acted like they were playing a video game.  One of the most glaring problems was the fact that it had no real point to the story, aside from showing the main character being bullied. That was pretty much it. I really thought it was a waste of time. I don't understand why people think it was good.  If you want to see a trainwreck, see the Rocky Horror Picture. It has an interesting script.  I would rate this film a 1/10. I give it a 1.5 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie without knowing anything about the history of this movie and was so disappointed in it. This is one of the worst horror movies I have ever seen. It is so boring, the plot is so poorly made, it's all so predictable and poorly executed. The acting is terrible, the cinematography is bad, the makeup is poor, the lighting is so dark and dull, and the music is so awful. This movie should have been a really good comedy, it should have had more laughs and more blood (in which it doesn't).  I think it is a great idea to tell horror movies about a really scary thing. I don't know why people would waste time on this movie. I think they should stick to more original movies like "The Exorcist", "Nightmare on Elm Street", "Maniac", "The Blair Witch Project" or "The Amityville Horror". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a waste of time and money. The script is a complete waste of words and the actors didn't do anything special with it. I have seen more stupid, lame and lame movies than this one.  The movie is based on the book "Lucky Bastard" by James Jones. I don't know how the film got this title because the book was actually written by "Hollywood" writer, James Jones (aka Richard Matheson). He's better known for his books "The Ghost" and "The Vanishing".  This movie has a ridiculous plot. The only thing that made it a "good movie" was the song, "Ladies Man". It's about a man who is trying to find his wife, he gets killed and is resurrected. He becomes a werewolf and then kills the woman who is responsible for his wife's death. I think it was better that he was dead. It's just the way he acted.  If you want to see some real "Boredom" go to "Cherry Pop". The actors don't make any effort and their acting is completely predictable.  I can't recommend this movie to anyone. I can only recommend to people who are not that interested in a low budget horror flick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the synopsis and was a little bit hesitant. This movie looks like it was made by a group of five bored students, who thought making a "film" out of the book would be fun. Then I saw the trailer and realized it was a complete waste of time. The movie does not have any humor whatsoever. It has a few good parts but overall it is a complete failure.  The main plot is pretty much just stupid people talking to each other and there is no plot. If you want to see a bad comedy that you are not supposed to laugh at, this is the movie for you. This is a one shot movie. You can see it for free on Vimeo but if you want more, I guess you will have to pay for it. The only reason I give it a 2 out of 10 is because it does try to have a story in the book but it is very hard to follow. The story is about a guy who is trying to get away from the girl he loves because of his wife's jealousy of his relationship with the girl. The girl's parents are kind of annoying and the movie doesn't even try to explain how they are so stupid.  All in all, if you have a chance to see this movie and don't know how to act in a comedy, don't. I can't even begin to explain why the script was so stupid and the direction was so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing this film, I think it would be a good idea to get a copy of "Buffy The Vampire Slayer" and not watch it again. There are no vampires in this film; only people who really don't like vampires and don't want to be bitten. This film is a mess. There's no chemistry between the characters, no suspense, and the movie just isn't that funny. There is no humor in the film.  I know there are many people who are still watching this movie. I don't know if they have read the book. The movie is boring, but I think there is a whole lot more in the book than this. The plot is boring. The acting is poor. The writing is poor; the story is not interesting and the characters are all one-dimensional.  The acting and plot is so bad, I'm wondering if the movie is really called "B Buffy The Vampire Slayers". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching the trailer and reading the synopsis, I was pretty sure this movie would be pretty interesting. After watching it, I'm still not sure if it is even worth watching. It's a very short, but boring movie. There's no plot, and it's pretty much a collection of footage of a girl walking around (without the girl) and the other girl (the guy in the movie) getting angry. I couldn't find anything remotely interesting to say about it, but I didn't really expect it to be.  The main reason for this movie is that it stars Daniel Wu (who is known as the "Mr. Gay" of the Asian gay men), who is not a very good actor. I didn' really care for his other films (Barely Legal, White Man, Borrowed, Black Man, and even the sequel to Barely Legal). I'm pretty sure I'll never understand why he starred in this one. I thought that the guy's character was supposed to be a nice guy who didn't understand how other people felt about him, but it's not even remotely plausible. I can't say I'd like to see his movie, but even if it's bad, it's still really hard to find an entertaining movie with him. It is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First impressions are bad, this film makes you wonder if there is any hope that the makers of this movie will learn from their mistakes. The movie looks like it was made in 1998, it's so awful that you wonder how anyone could have made this film. The story is so ridiculous that it was unbelievable to me, I can't believe that anyone would have made such a thing, it was so terrible that I had to take it with a grain of salt. The film was just so poorly acted and written that I was actually surprised that this movie was made.  What I mean to say is that the movie was so bad that I couldn't even imagine how it was possible that anyone could be making such a film. It's a complete waste of your time, you're better off not wasting your time. I recommend that you avoid this film at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie that tries to pass itself off as being a "Barry Lyndon" biopic is the movie equivalent of a bad joke. It's just a bad excuse to have a really lame plot, poor acting, and poor direction. The acting is bad enough for a comedy. If you want to see how a director who has been in Hollywood for years could be so inept and have an actor who is so terrible it's unbelievable.  The acting, the direction, the editing, and the story, are all terrible. You would have to be an idiot to enjoy this movie.  I gave it 2 stars out of 10. This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It was awful and you would never want to be friends with this guy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did not like this movie, and I did NOT understand it when I first saw it. But then I watched it again, and this time I did understand it. I had to wait over an hour and half before I understood the plot, and even then, I didn't understand it all until the end. I can't explain why this movie was so bad, but I can tell you why it wasn't as good as it could have been. It was boring and incoherent, and it didn't even make the story worth watching. This movie is just a bunch of wasted screen time, and at least this time it was a waste of everyone else's time.  I would have been better off if I had seen this movie after watching the TV show "I've Got You Under My Skin" instead of watching this movie in the theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise was that the main character, a high school girl named Holly, was being taken to a hospital for an operation. After getting to the hospital, Holly discovers that the girl who was being operated on was her sister, and the sister was actually Holly's girlfriend, and that she is going to be killed by a vampire, which is the main antagonist in the film.  I really wanted to like this movie. I really did like Holly. She seemed to have a great love for her sister and the life she lived in the town she lived. However, I was left very disappointed. The girl died in the middle of the operation. There was no chance for the main girl to survive, and I can only imagine how it was for her. The only good thing was that it got to be a bit of a romantic comedy, but that is about the only redeeming factor of this movie...The rest is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has some really odd moments in it.  It's really hard to watch, especially with the slow motion camera. The first time I saw it, I thought it looked like a slow motion film. It's not slow motion, it's just really weird and not in a good way. It should have been shot in 8/10 because it looks like it would have looked good with a slow camera. If you want a really slow motion horror flick, don't watch this one.  I'm not going to watch the whole movie, I'm just going to put the best review I can give, just because I'm so disgusted with it. I can't believe that this movie was made. The only thing that could have made it good would have been to use a really good special effects team. But, that would have cost them tons of money and would have left them to make this film without any creative control. And I don't blame them. But why make a bad horror film when it can be so cheap to make it? It just goes to show how terrible movies are made nowadays. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never seen this movie and don't know anyone who has. This movie looks like a high school film. It is so stupid, there is absolutely nothing going on, and the only plot element I can think of was the girl having to watch the other girl go through the other girls' dreams. If that was the plot, I could care less. But what a joke it was. I am absolutely sick of seeing people get all excited about this movie because it's got all the originality of the original Twilight movies. If I want a movie that looks like this, I'll get a copy of "Eyes of the Blind" and I'll buy it.  I gave it a 2 because I didn't care for it. If you're not a Twilight fan, I would just skip this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very bad movie that had no idea what it was trying to say, and never even attempted to do it. This was supposed to be a thriller, and was only able to make it so by taking an awful, shallow, and completely inept approach to the story. The characters were bland and the script was extremely uninteresting. The movie is basically a series of scenes that happen within the movie. It's as if the director was trying too hard to make a point.  If you can find a copy of this, I highly recommend that you don't waste your time watching it. The idea is very, very stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so boring and so terrible, it's like they had no clue what to do with it other than get some money and go off to Hollywood. The acting was not good, the plot was not coherent, the ending was predictable and just made no sense at all.  The ending had me wondering how this movie would end and wondering how it could possibly get better. The best way to end a bad film is to make the movie seem more entertaining, not more boring.  There was a couple things that did not make any sense, like when a character in the movie is talking on the phone, and then he says "I'm sorry".  I could go on and on, but I don't want to spoil the movie for you.  If you are going to see this movie, do yourself a favor and don't watch this one, and I would suggest that if you do see it, that you avoid the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the movie on DVD, but had to wait till it was released on DVD to review.  This movie is actually pretty bad. I found the acting very awkward and had no idea what they were trying to say. There was no character development, there was no humor, and there was absolutely no action. It was more of a "Worst Picture Ever" type of thing. The movie also suffered from an awful voice acting, and even the special effects were lackluster. It made it a little harder to enjoy this movie than the first "Alien" film.  Overall, the film was just not worth watching. It just wasn't that good. There is nothing redeeming about this movie. The special effects looked pretty bad and the special sounds were OK. The plot was a bit boring, the special "effects" were okay, and the acting was just...ok. This movie was just OK. I'll admit it, I'm not a big horror fan, but I can say without a doubt that the movie sucked. The fact that it was a horror movie is really disappointing to me. I thought it would have been better if it was supposed to be a horror film, but in fact it wasn't. This is one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen. The acting was bad, the effects were terrible, and it sucked. I think it's best that you just forget it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm really not a big fan of horror movies, but this movie is so bad it's actually funny. I found it a bit boring, not knowing who the characters were and not knowing why they were there.  There are several scenes where I was completely unaware of the plot, or it didn't make any sense, just like some movies I have seen before.  Some scenes in the beginning were so unbelievable that I thought they were real. I thought the girl in the background was actually a person. I think they should've cut the scene out of the movie and put it into the next movie they are making, but they didn't.  The ending was very poorly done and poorly paced, and I don't understand why they didn'nt make it into a longer movie. I didn't like the sound of the actors and I thought it sounded like the movie was made in a low budget studio. The sound was so bad I was amazed it was actually being made.  I gave it 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible movie. The characters are shallow, the dialog is awful, the plot is nonsensical, and the acting is horrible. There are so many plot holes and inconsistencies in the movie. It's like it has been made by a kid and watched a bunch of horror movies. And yet, somehow it manages to be worse. How do I even begin to explain how this movie got made? I can't even begin. I'm so embarrassed that I was able to watch it and that I wasted my time watching it. I don't know how I'm supposed to even go on without seeing the ending of this movie.  Oh yeah, and it's the only movie I've ever seen where the protagonist tries to kill the main character (or is that main character's wife?) in the beginning of the movie... I'm embarrassed to admit that I even watched this movie in the first place. It was absolutely awful.  I'd give this movie a 1 out of 10, but it's worth mentioning that the director of this film was very good at the other two movies he made. So I'll give him a 10 out of 100. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie I think that was made just to have a negative impact on a few people. The acting is awful. The script is terrible. The direction is bad. The whole thing looks like a bad version of "The Shining". It's just so incredibly boring and not in any way credible. It's so bad that it made me feel sick to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie that fails to make sense and is filled with too many needless plot devices. The film seems to be based on a book written by a bad novelist who got a movie made out of his book, but in the movie the novel is the main focus and you will find yourself spending a lot of time watching the movie and not really getting any deeper into the story. I found myself bored at the beginning of the film and the story dragged a bit too far for my liking.  The story was not very interesting. There were a few moments where I felt like I was watching a documentary, but I am not a documentary fan, so I am going to let that slide. I did like the movie when it was about a girl who is obsessed with a guy she meets in the book and has a weird relationship with him and the movie's ending, but the movie itself was not good. There are too many plot devices that make no sense and are unnecessary. If you want to watch a movie that makes no sense or has a very long movie that is too long to go on and not get the movie in one night, watch this movie. Otherwise, avoid the movie altogether. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so boring and so unfitting that I can only think it was made by someone who had not read the book or had not seen the movie in person. The only good thing about it was that it gave me some hope for a possible sequel to "The Vampire Lovers", which was released last year.  This film is so horrible that it makes the previous film seem like a good idea. I'm hoping that someone out there out there, if you read this far, is a fan of the book and wants to see it. But I just hope that you will hate this movie and that you'll make sure not to go to see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My son (and I) loved the show and thought it was very funny. But, this movie, which, to my knowledge, was never shown on television, was made to be more like an hour and a half show with the camera set up in the middle of the stage and the camera rolling. It wasn't a good show at all and the direction, lighting, sound, etc., was very poor. It is so bad, I can't tell you what they made it to be, because I've never seen it.  The movie was filmed on location in a movie theatre in Kansas City, MO. That was a bad idea. The movie starts at the theatre, moves to the backstage area, where the characters were filmed, then the movie moves into the ballroom. The actors are supposed to be in the ball room and the ball is supposed to represent the theater. But the movie is filmed in the backstage, where nothing is going on, where there are lots of chairs and it looks like the audience.  So, when the camera was moving, the audience could see the camera, but they couldn't hear anything. I couldn't believe that they were going to shoot the movie with the ball in the theatre and the actors wouldn't be able to hear the camera. This is a very bad movie and I give the producer, Bob Weinstein, a failing grade. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a big fan of horror films that are made on video (the one exception, obviously, is Blair Witch Project), but I do like to have my popcorn on hand and have it on the TV at least once a week. I'd rather watch a good film than watch an awful movie. I'm sorry, but this movie isn't a good movie. The acting is just atrocious. The plot, not the best. The directing is awful. The effects, the special effects, nothing special.  The acting was awful. I don't know what that was supposed to be. If you like to see people get killed, that's fine. If not, don't watch it. I didn't know the guy who made this, and I'm pretty sure the movie would have been a lot better if the writer had been a bit more involved. If I had to compare it to something I liked, I'd say the original The Omen is much better, but the movie isn' the one I don' watch on my video. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen other bad movies in the past and I don't usually like to give them an extra rating, but this movie was so poorly made I actually wanted to rip it apart and destroy it. The plot was so weak and predictable that I thought it was actually a joke at first. The acting was also awful. The only thing that saved it from being a complete failure was the fact that the director didn't know how to do much of anything in the scene. There were times when the camera would focus on something and then completely freeze, leaving the rest of the scene in chaos. It's not a good movie to see with a bunch of drunk college students, but you can see it with some friends and see how badly the director could have made it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame. I really did like the first one. It was a fun adventure. The third one just sucks! The whole movie is just so flat. Nothing is interesting and the script is so cheesy and stupid. The only thing that made this movie interesting was the ending. I was expecting something really cool and epic. I had high expectations and was really disappointed. It's not worth watching unless you are a fan of the first movie. If you are looking for a great comedy, go to the first, but avoid this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got so excited for the opening credits of this movie when I first saw the trailers, and I got really excited for how much fun I would have seeing this movie, but I was disappointed when I saw the first cut. The whole thing is just a bunch of long shots of a guy on a roller coaster, who looks like he's not really a roller coaster rider, who rides around in his underwear with the camera right in front of his face, and then some people go on roller coasters. I mean, come on.  I think they should have cut the trailer, and put some of the other movie's footage in the first half. Maybe it would have been less irritating for me to see this, but it would still be boring. The only thing that was interesting was a bunch and people screaming at each other. I'm just not a fan of movies where people are yelling at eachother. That was really boring, and it was a huge waste of my time.  Oh well, I can't say I'm disappointed that I missed the first 45 minutes of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure how to explain why this movie was so poorly made. I can't imagine how anyone could have made it. The acting was terrible and the story line was too convoluted. If I were to give a rating, I would give it an 8/10. The idea that the film was to be an action-packed horror flick was a little off, since the film had no real horror in it. This could have been made for a small budget, but was ruined by the script. There was no direction and the acting was very bad. There were no scares. There could have at least been a few scares if the movie was made for $5. This film would have been an 8 or 9/10 had the film been in a decent mood.  The only thing that made this film worth seeing was the DVD extras. They were pretty low quality and didn't really add anything to the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just as lame as every other bad movie in my collection, and I can't understand why anyone would bother to see it. I don't think it's worth your time to waste your time on it. It's just a cheap knockoff of a really good movie: the only reason I gave it 3 stars is because I can understand the appeal of the premise, though I don`t think it has a chance.  The plot is just so poorly put together and there are so many problems with it. First of all, the guy who plays the villain is the most irritating character ever, he never shuts up! He's so annoying and irritating!  The ending is a bit strange but that is just the first problem. The rest of the movie is basically the same old story, the same story that could be made into a better movie. But it's just not a good movie, it's a complete waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie was a complete waste of time. It seemed to be made for a TV show and the acting was not that good, especially the one-shot character who had no personality, and the direction was really poor.  The best thing about the movie was the idea of the movie, and that was completely ruined by the awful acting.  I cannot recommend this movie. It's simply a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst remake of the movie of "The Little Mermaid" that I have ever seen. I'm not sure what was supposed to make this so bad, but I can't help but think that it has something to do with the fact that the movie was made in 1975. I guess it's because that's when Ariel was only a few years old, or that it was filmed in the late 70's. I can only assume that the filmmakers had to come up with something that was less embarrassing for a film about a mermaid and a merperson. There's no way they could have made a "Little Mermaid" movie in 1975, when Ariel and Caelon were both young, because there was a whole different type of Mermaid in 1975! And if they had, we wouldn't have gotten "The Lion King" in 1995 or "Lion King 2" in 2001. If they wanted to make a movie about a Mermaid and a Mermaidperson, why didn't they use the original songs?  What's worse is that the whole thing comes off as cheesy and forced. Ariel looks so silly in the original that I think it's more of a "Oh, this is just like the old "Little mermaid" movie!" The plot doesn't really work either. It has nothing to do and there's no real tension to it. It's just a boring "Let's all pretend that this is the old movie!" You could probably make a better "The Sea" movie than this, and it would still be better than this.  The original "Little Mermaid" was about a "mermaid who was kidnapped, taken to the island, and raised as a human, until she was rescued by a prince and the king's son." This movie tries to tell the same story, but fails at it, and I'm just sick of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's really no point in making this movie: this is just a cheap attempt at a film. The plot is so convoluted and incoherent that even I'm confused on some points. And the acting is so pathetic that you're not sure if they're making the effort to look as if they care or if they are just trying to be edgy. The soundtrack is so bad that I actually laughed at some of the lyrics. If you are in the mood to see a movie that has a low budget and doesn't look as tacky as this one does then I would suggest that you avoid this.  I'm sure that if this film had been given the proper budget it could have done much better. But this isn't a film to be shown to someone who is a film buff. You'll get the same result with a movie made from the same budget, but look at the picture on the DVD instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot and execution is bad and the cast is not that good either. The only thing worth mentioning is the title which sounds interesting but the actual movie is not worth the effort. This film is full of clichs, plot holes, and cheesy dialogues.  I give it 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film at a film festival. It was absolutely awful, I'm sorry to say, but I thought it was OK because the actors were so bad. It's like they couldn't tell the difference between the two acting styles of the people they were portraying. I saw two people who sounded alike, both having very weak and annoying performances. I mean, come on! It's OK if they're doing a bad job. I just don't know why people thought that was OK to make it. The acting was so awful that I had to turn the TV off. I wish the writers of the film had thought to tell the actors how to act better, or even at all. The movie should have been called "I Don't Like That". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Dinner Party" is a poorly acted, overblown, formulaic comedy about a group of people who meet each week to make small talk and have fun. Unfortunately, the movie is full of jokes that are far too corny for their own good. And there is no point in making the characters talk about anything other than themselves, as they only make it worse for the viewer by constantly talking about their own lives and families. This is an utter waste of time and not worth the price. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no redeeming value whatsoever. Its sole purpose was to make us laugh. Its one big laugh line was the "Sewer" movie in the title.  Its just a waste of time. There is a lot of great stuff in this movie, but the plot is terrible and the acting is very flat. There are several parts where you want to cry.  A few more people might like this movie if you are really into cheesy horror movies like this.  The only redeeming point of this movie is the fact that it was the last thing I saw at my local video store. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so full of crap, it's not funny at all. The script is so unoriginal, that you have to laugh or you will be disgusted. The acting is so laughable that I found myself in tears several times. The movie is so poorly written that I felt as if I was watching a poorly written movie with some funny parts. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and I've seen worse. I don't understand how they could make this movie. The only saving grace is that it was only shown once in an airport, so that people could see it. The whole movie makes no sense and I don' think it deserves to be shown again. It would have been better off if they just made a bad action flick without all the comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to admit that I thought this movie was so much like a horror movie, but it didn't seem like one to me at first. The acting was weak and the story line was not convincing. I think the director tried to be scary, but they just got lost. The movie had some of the worst acting I've ever seen. The scenes with the killer and the victims just didn't make sense. It wasn't scary at all. I was hoping to see a more interesting story line, but I didn't see any. I just wanted to see the killer, but the director just didn' give him any kind of respect or thought. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off okay but then it goes downhill really fast. A couple of scenes had really good direction and some of the plot is not even believable. I found myself looking at the script trying to find out what was going on in the movie and just wondering what this was going to be like when it comes time to start acting. It didn't even make sense to anyone in the audience and it's really hard to take your eyes off of it. There are too many plot holes to count and there's no point in even trying to follow the plot if you have no interest in seeing the movie. I think that the director tried to do too much in this film and I think the script was so bad that they just didn't have the guts to do anything but just make the movie as they wanted to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is absolutely nothing. The acting is terrible. The writing is so badly written and poorly paced that the movie makes you wonder how much of the original plot survives and how many of the new lines the actors had to add to the original script. I thought that it had a great cast in the original, but they all seem to have disappeared into the movie. There is no sense of fun, no chemistry between the cast, and no sense that anyone could be in love with the characters. The movie has no idea what it wants to be. This isn't a romance, it's just a cheap way to make money.  The characters are so bland that it's impossible to know who they are supposed to be, and the only one in love makes a desperate attempt to make the movie's story more interesting. The only person I was interested in was played by a person who had absolutely no charisma, who is clearly a horrible actor.  It's just awful. There's no reason to waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film for the first time last year. I was very disappointed. It was awful. The acting was awful, and I found myself wondering if the writer of this film had actually seen the movie at all, because he was so out of it. He did not seem to care about what was in the movie. It made me wonder how anyone can write this rubbish. How does anyone not know how to make a movie? This film is really just a series of really terrible scenes. I felt like I was watching a movie that was going to be released in two weeks. If you are going to watch this movie, watch it in two hours and then leave. If it takes you over an hour to get through the movie, that is on you. If I had known how much it was going in to this, I would have not wasted my time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie and immediately fell in love with the plot, but I was left disappointed when it didn't deliver what I expected. In a way, it's a sequel to the original, but in another way it is completely different and worse. It's not a sequel, but more like a sequel with all the faults of the original.  The first film was actually pretty good, so it should have been a sequel. The second one was a complete waste of time. It was a waste of a lot of time and money, and it's even worse than the original film.  If you like the first movie, go ahead and watch the sequel. It will be pretty disappointing. If you want to see a good film, don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very low budget and very cheesy movie. The actors look like they have gone to a bad school in Hollywood. They are all really young and I would have been better off with an episode of High School Musical, with all the better cast. The story was weak. There were some funny moments but it felt like a complete waste of money. There are a lot of plot holes, but they're so obvious that it's not funny.  There are scenes where characters are seen doing things that don't make sense. You'd think that they would have a better script, but then again, they didn't.  The music is annoying. It's not that great, but it's okay. The movie doesn't feel very good. It reminds me a bit of "The Naked Gun", only a bit worse. It looks like a lot has been spent on making it look like a high budget action flick. The direction was poor, especially the last scene where the characters run around and fight.  I give this a 2 out of 10. I think that this movie could have been made a lot better, and I'm glad that the studio was willing to spend money on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film as an undergraduate at a small community college in upstate New York. It was a really odd film. There was very little dialogue in the film. It seemed to be directed and written by the same person who had written the previous movie. I really had no idea who the characters were. It's just the basic premise - people with no power - trying to make a living in a dangerous world. But it's got a boring story, no plot, no direction and really nothing to make the viewer care. There are some very odd plot twists and a lot of talking. I found the whole thing to be just very dull.  I have to admit that the director was actually funny. I don't think that makes up for the rest of the movie. The actors were all very uninspired and all the characters seemed like they were made for a kids show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just a waste of time and effort. Why are the writers in this industry so obsessed with making movies? I mean what's the point? I could've gotten better at making films with my time if I'd just used the time I spend watching movies as an excuse to practice.  But instead the writers want us to spend our time in this movie by following the characters through their stories instead of just getting to know them, or at least get to know a character more through the movie. If the movie was so good then the characters would have more to do in the movie and the writer would have to write less. The movie is just a big waste of money. The characters don't even really act, they just stand there and talk. You will not find any emotion in this film. The story has no point, no point of interest, and no redeeming value. The whole movie is a bunch of people having fun at the expense of the characters in the film. It's a shame to waste so much time watching something that you're not interested in seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was okay, but I didn't like the music. This is one of those "music is just bad" movies. The actors looked terrible and the story was a big waste of time. I couldn't find a DVD copy, so I'll be honest and say I'm pretty sure this was the same film that was shown at the Toronto International Film Festival, when it was a competition. The film is a total waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many movies that I have seen in my life that I could write an entire book about them all. I can only list a few. This movie is an example of one of them. If you don't mind that it is just a movie, watch it and leave it. If not, then I am going to list all the reasons why it is a terrible movie: 1) the acting was terrible 2) the movie had no story 3) the story wasn't interesting enough for the story to be believable 4) it was boring and I felt it got worse as the movie went on 5) it didn't make sense to anyone (and the story was boring as a result) 6) the plot didn't explain what happened 7) the ending was predictable and unsatisfying 8) it made no sense that the characters were so stupid 9) it wasn't like it could have been a thriller 10) the camera was shaky and it was impossible to see anything 11) the characters looked like idiots 12) the "plot" was so convoluted that I couldn't understand it (it was a bad idea to have the story so convoluted) 13) the action scenes were all just filler and I wanted to turn off the movie and move on 14) it's so unbelievable that the plot had to follow the characters so closely. It makes absolutely no sense.  I had to force myself to watch it because it was so awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. The acting was awful and the movie was a chore to sit through.  And the music was annoying and didn't fit at all.  This is a movie for people who like to be entertained by watching other people act stupid. Not a good movie for you if you want to get out of your seat and laugh at some dumb jokes. The movie has too much wasted screen time. There's nothing interesting about any of the characters in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a film about a true story, and I cannot believe that a person would actually spend so much time in making this film. The movie's story seems to be the average "my parents were murdered, I've been raised in a house that no longer exists, the FBI is after me, I must kill them." I would like to say that the movie does not even make a single attempt to be funny or original. I can't believe that the writer/director had the ability to come up with a storyline like this.  If the writer wanted to try something original, why did he try to make a film like this? What made him want to make it? If I were the writer of this film, I would have thought it was a waste of time. It was a chore to come through the script. There was no sense of a plot. No sense of excitement. It's like a movie made up of empty words. There are only two characters that actually have anything to do with the story. The first is the hero of the story, the other is the villain. The villain gets away with murder and murder, because he's a psychopath.  I just feel insulted by this movie. If you want to spend your time making a movie that makes people watch, go buy a copy of the "Rampage". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with the narrator telling the viewer that this film is a documentary about a group of high school students who all got lost in the woods and ended up in this abandoned cabin. In the first scene, they start a fire. But it's just a dream and their real lives begin a few minutes later.  The movie is full of amateur actors and terrible sound effects. It was a bad idea to have a group cast and crew who were completely unqualified for the role.  There are several scenes where the actors are completely inept at their role and fail to capture the audience's attention, and the movie is just plain boring. It's not funny, it's not original, and it's really just a complete waste of time.  I can only assume that the movie makers saw "Scream" and thought that the idea of a group group of teenagers lost in a cabin in the middle of nowhere was too much to ask for. I think they are all just trying to make a "tweener" horror movie. If they could have done a better job at making it, then maybe we would have seen something more original. But alas, this is not one of their better efforts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most disappointing film I have ever seen. It is completely devoid of any suspense or excitement, and the acting is so terrible that it's hard to believe anyone could possibly be this pathetic. The script is painfully clunky, the cinematography is so grainy and poorly lit that it makes the whole thing look like it was filmed in the middle of the night. I was particularly disappointed in the character's name - I had expected someone more likable and interesting to play the role.  The plot is weak and predictable, there are only two of the three endings that make sense, and most of the movie is wasted on a series of completely unnecessary, boring plot twists. The worst part is that the whole film is just made to be one big, pointless stunt - it's so unnecessary, it could have been a decent B-movie. I've never seen a movie with such a boring script, so poor production values, so shallow acting, so pointless, so boring, and so utterly meaningless.  If you want a movie to be entertaining, do not waste your time on this one. If you're looking for a mindless, predictable, boring B- movie - well, that's the one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole thing is basically a series of contrived, unnecessary "torture" scenes that never amount to anything and don't feel like the sort of thing that would actually happen in the world. There is also a bizarre scene in which the characters all make out in a pool together in order to gain the courage necessary to murder each other.  What's worse is that this kind of thing is par for the course in the "Wolverine" universe. There are plenty of instances in which "WOLVERINE" characters make out and then proceed to kill each other for no reason. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, the actors. All were too good for their own scenes. They were all so good in their roles that I was just wondering why the director didn't hire them to do more of them. They would have made a better movie. The only good scene was the ending, and even then it was completely pointless. The movie had no meaning and just ended after 10 minutes. I could spend hours more on this movie, and it could not have been worse.  The movie was terrible. There was no emotion, no sense of horror, no horror, and only a few moments of horror. You get what you deserve.  All the special effects looked terrible, and there were few moments where I felt scared. I just wanted to see how far the director would go with this movie. This movie should have never existed.  Don't waste your time on this. It's a waste of time, and I will never waste your money on another movie that this movie is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film that seems to have been made in order to give the director an opportunity to talk on camera about some of the movies he made - and that is what I think happened. I saw the first film and enjoyed it - it seemed to be well made and the acting was decent - but I did not enjoy the sequel, and did not care for the original. I have no idea why, but I found myself bored in the second half of the film. The acting was not particularly bad, but it is simply too long, and too drawn out, to be interesting to watch.  The plot was not as clear as I expected it to be - I had thought that the movie would deal with the events of the first movie, but the events themselves were not dealt with. Some of the details of the events were confusing - for example, the scene where they were all together and the man in the wheelchair went off the cliff and fell into the water, I think that was in the first half. But I did enjoy the other things, such as the music and the actors.  If you enjoy movies with a few jokes or a few cheesy lines, this is probably not the movie for you - this is a very, very, terribly, horribly, incredibly bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was the epitome of what I would consider a "B-movie". The story line seemed to be completely lost on the director.  The characters were completely one-dimensional and lacked any type of subtlety. All the characters were in constant fear of their lives. There was not a single good moment in the movie. The actors seemed to act like the characters in this movie were their characters.  I found the ending to be an insult to those that made it. The ending completely ignored the fact that the character was not dead. They could have just shown a different scene and then let the character's lives play out in real time.  There were many scenes that made no sense whatsoever. The movie ended without a climax, ending with the character in his home (and the audience) without knowing what happened, but the director had already made the movie the way he wanted it to be. The story had been a huge failure, and I would not recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a very weak plot, very few supporting characters and most of the supporting characters have nothing to do with the plot. Most of the movie's characters are completely random and not developed in anyway. The movie's biggest problem is the constant use of the word "slut" and the "sluttish" and "slumminess" in the movie.  The plot is boring, the characters are stupid and the whole movie is really terrible. The only redeeming part is the sex scenes.   The worst part about this movie is the lack of a happy ending. The characters don't really have a happy outcome for the movie, so I guess the movie could have been better.  I would recommend watching this movie with a friend if you want to watch a bad porn. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this and was appalled. I'm not a big fan of horror films but I thought it was OK because it was done in Japan and the cinematography was OK.  It wasn't a good movie but I think I did enjoy it. I think the idea was to get a younger audience into the horror genre and that didn't happen. I don't understand how they could make a film like this without being a real horror film. I was so disgusted I went to the DVD section and bought a DVD of the "Blood Curse". I'm sure there will be some sort of sequel to this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie itself was okay but the movie was so uninspired and weak that I couldn't take it seriously. The acting was bad. The cinematography was bad (there were some scenes that didn't even look real). The direction was bad, the camera was horrible, the actors were all over the place and so not believable. The song was so cheesy and so unoriginal that it was hard to take seriously. I think this movie could have been better if it had been directed by a better director.  I would say the acting was alright but the cinematography, direction and song were all so bad that I would still rather not watch this movie. It was so obvious that this was not a good movie.  The plot was so weak that it made me wonder if this was the movie where they had to hide the murder weapon. I didn't think it was possible for the murder to have been committed that night but I did think it could have happened that night. The idea that this movie was about an insane killer with a horrible wife was just so unbelievable that it seemed to be a plot for a horror movie. In a movie that was supposed to be scary I expected a little bit more from a murder mystery. I was expecting the killer to have killed a couple of people that night or something. This movie didn't have any twists or turns that made me laugh. The movie had no direction. I found it so boring that it ended up being one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The ending was so abrupt and so unsatisfying that I found myself waiting for the credits to roll. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a good movie. If you are a fan of a certain genre, I think you will find this film interesting. Unfortunately, it's not a real comedy. If this was a good comedy, it would have a really funny ending. This is a bad film. The acting is terrible and the story is not even coherent.  If you want to see a bad comedy, go to a movie where they put a character in a ridiculous situation, and they call the actor who plays the character "the comedian" (for the sake of continuity) to appear. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In its own right, this is the kind of movie that makes a lot of people very angry. The story is a complete waste of time and energy, it is not believable at all. The acting is atrocious, the direction is poor and the writing is terrible. It should be mentioned that the whole story is based on the idea that a family of 4 kids (the father is a bad driver, his brother is a truck driver, the mother is a homemaker) were trying to outdo their father. But the only person in this story who is really trying to be the "best" is the father. He can do better than anything the kids can do. They are basically his hapless children, with no real motivation to get in trouble with the law and no real fear of the consequences. The kids are in jail, there's no money, they can't get their lives together and they are really miserable. The parents are in the background constantly talking about how great it would be if their kids were not in jail. The father should be the one that's in the wrong, not the kids, who are doing better by themselves than they are by being out of jail. But even the father, who is in the prison, is basically in the same boat as the kids in the story, the only difference being that he doesn't have the kids.  It is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the movie version, the guy who plays the main character, Michael, is supposed to be a good guy. He does good things and is good with people. However, he does things that are way too much for him to handle. He's too aggressive and not as caring as the movie shows. It's too long and too predictable. I think this movie was supposed to have some sort of humor but it's very hard to tell. It is just too boring. I didn't like it at all. I saw the movie with the TV show version of the movie. It wasn't even funny, but it had more humor.  I can't believe I watched this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original poster is a little vague on details, but if I recall correctly, the original poster says it's a documentary, but that it's about the life of a "lost boy" and his search for his father. But I can't remember the title. I've read a few other reports, but I'm not sure where they're coming from. If you can help me out with the title, I'll give you the answer.  I'd love to know what exactly was wrong with this movie. It's not like the original movies were much better. The first movie, "Boy Who Swung" was actually pretty good. It was the second movie, however, that was so bad that it made me wish I were never to see it. It actually makes me want to stay away from this movie, because I can pretty much guarantee I'll get it wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie twice and both times I found it just not that good. I thought the movie was terrible. But the second time I saw it I was amazed by the lack of effort put into it. I just couldn't understand why the actors in the movie weren't able to act in a way that could have made this movie worth seeing. I have no idea why they couldn't just put their effort into the writing of the script. It seems like they just couldn an do nothing with it. The story was completely predictable, the characters were so flat, and the whole movie seemed rushed and rushed.  It's one of those movies that I really wished I had never seen.  I don't know if this movie will ever get better, but I'm sure it will eventually. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so poorly made that you'd have to spend hours watching it just to get to the bottom of what was going on. It was so awful that even my 7 year old could recognize the plot line. It just goes to show how little effort anyone at the studios put into making this film. The film is about a young girl who has been taken away from her mother and put into a school. There are other kids at the school that are not very nice to the girls. They are bullies and have been put into "groups" that will only have two people. The girl has no friends at school. She meets an older girl named Angel who is in the "group". The girl and Angel soon fall in love and start having sex together.  The girl, Angel, and the other girls are not particularly nice to each other. There's one guy who does care for the girl. It's just the only person in the movie that's not nice to her.  In fact, the only people who are nice to this girl are the bullies and the teachers. The teacher is so mean to the girl that she's basically afraid of her. The bullies are so mean that the girl can't even take a break from them to do her own work because they're going to come after her for being mean to them. The only reason this movie is so bad is because it was made by a studio, rather than being made by the director. The people who made this film were so incompetent that they had to hire someone to make it for them, and they didn't even hire a writer to help them make it. It is so pathetic that they gave this poor film a 1/10 rating, when it should have been given an 8/10. This is the worst film I've ever seen. It makes you want to rip your hair off because you know that someone has put the studio in the position to make a movie like this. It also makes you think that it is some sort of propaganda film. It has been made into a "movie", but should not have been. It had all the hallmarks of a bad film. A horrible story, poor direction, no script, bad acting, poor production, terrible camera work, poor camera work and poor editing. It should never have been made.  It's a shame that anyone with the courage to release this film will never release anything else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is pretty much an uncut and unedited version of the original. The only difference is the music. The rest of the movie is about as entertaining as an adult in a playground getting beaten up by kids. I don't think the director was even remotely aware that there was no sound in the original film. He was probably just watching that movie and trying to imitate the soundtrack of the song on his own.  The music, the plot, the acting...it's not even close. It's a complete waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what to say about this movie except that it was a waste of time. It was just a collection of footage from the last 15 minutes of the last episode of the first season of this show, the show's only season.  I was expecting a show about a group of friends, but instead it became about an actor who is a complete loser in real life and a jerk to everyone around him.  It seemed like there were three people in this show's group, but there was no chemistry between them. It would have been interesting if the characters could have formed a bond, but they didn't, and I couldn't care less.  Even when the character is good, it's just not enough to justify the amount of time it took to make this film.  The only redeeming factor of this film is that it is the only thing that was made by the same people that made the original show, so that's a good thing. It doesn't even hold up to a decent movie-maker like Peter C. McGann. It's a total waste of your time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to make this as short as possible. It's not bad, just not great. It does have a few redeeming qualities though. The acting is fairly solid, the story is predictable and the whole thing comes off as a little boring. I didn't really like the concept or the visuals (it's just a lot of flat colored backgrounds). The direction is awful. There are a few scenes that are good and a few that are so bad it's almost painful to watch. But if you're willing to overlook the visual/dynamics, I'd recommend watching it. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who likes a movie that's worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know this is supposed to be a horror movie, but I don't understand what makes this movie any more special than "A Ghost Story" or "The Ring", two movies I think are pretty good.  I'm sure there are a lot of people out there who think this movie is better than "Scream", but that's about it. It's a really bad horror movie with some of the worst acting I've ever seen.  The movie takes place in a house that's not in the same place as the movie. The movie starts off with a kid who's supposed to stay with a father. But when he's about 10, he leaves and starts to stalk his dad. It turns out the house isn't exactly the same as the one the movie is about. A guy named Robert (played by a guy in a bathrobe) is in the house and he's killing people. The story never got any more interesting, because it turns out it's not the same house the movie's about. The characters all look and act like they're the same people, except for the father who gets killed in the movie, and the kid who is supposed not to leave the house.  And there's no plot. The plot is about a kid that's supposed not leave the room because his father is in it.   I can't say much more because it's just too bad. I don the movie and go back to my couch. I saw the trailer and it looked like an early "Scary Movie", but I guess that doesn't mean anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made by a guy named John Lutz and it's the first one that i ever watched.  I found it extremely hard to believe that a person who was a big fan of the "Walking Dead" TV show was making a movie about zombies and no one was even interested in watching it. And this movie just isn't even worth bothering to watch. Its so slow and uninteresting and boring.  All the zombies have the same stupid faces and nothing else.  The characters seem to have no chemistry with each other and it all just seems very sad.  And I'm sorry to say that this movie isn't just a waste of time. It's very bad, but i can't deny that it has some good parts. However, its bad. Its worse than the "Dead Dead" movie and the "Tarantino" movies that i just mentioned.  If you want to see a zombie movie that you actually enjoy and don't care that it's about a zombie, then check out the "Glee" movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a big hit with this film, but it didn't get the respect it deserved. I would have paid money to see the original in the theater. I think it was made for the sake of money, but for what? A little cash? That's it. The actors are awful. The story is weak. There are so many actors in the film who are so bad. Why did they do it? If you want to make a film about a big city, I guess you could use the real people.  The film was about a kid named Paul who's trying to run away from home to be a "normal" boy, so he gets involved with some "bad guys". There's no plot, and it's just really lame. It would be good for someone with a short attention span, but I can't imagine that anyone would take it seriously.  I'm just glad it was a bad film and I'm glad I got it off my hard drive. I hope someone makes a better one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see the film in my mind as a child. I cannot believe it was made. This film contains no plot, no story and most of it is just plain ugly. I think I saw the trailer on YouTube but I cannot confirm. The acting is bad.  The movie is very long, the editing is awful and the story seems to be one big waste of time.  If you like movies made by Paul Verhoeven (The Fourth Man, Starship Troopers, Dead Ringers) I would advise avoiding this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak, the characters are predictable and there is no sense of tension. In a way the film is reminiscent of a series of "Catch Me If You Can" type movies where the characters always seem to know everything that will happen to them.  In "A Simple Matter of Fact" the character of a young boy (the actor, Mark Wahlberg) and his sister (the actress, Jessica Chastain) were given the task of saving a man (Michael Caine) who had been imprisoned for ten years. However, the boy and his aunt (the former Bond actress, Lola Downs) do not seem to realize that the man they are supposed to be saving is actually the villain who wants to kill them both.    I have to admit that the actors were good enough to carry the film, but that does not excuse the plot which is just an excuse for having the characters talk about things that they would not normally talk about.  Overall this film should have been cancelled after being released in the UK because the actors and script writers failed to do anything interesting with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, this is a really weird movie. I have never seen a movie where the main character (the one that we are supposed to care about) has no reason to act like a jerk. I don't understand how he would be in a coma when he was alive. Also, how can he not remember the events that happened before he was born? And how can his sister and parents, who he grew up with, not know about his condition? Why would anyone care about a person who isn't even a person anymore?  The only reason I can think that the movie was worth watching was because it featured a cute little boy. And I know that he's a little boy, but not from the movie. He's too young to be able to act in a kid's movie. If this is supposed to be an adult movie, then I would've never seen this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is truly awful. There are so many plot holes, holes in logic and just plain stupidity that I could only laugh at the title. I can't believe anyone actually believed this film could get made. I was really hoping for a decent action flick, not one full of slapstick, slapdash and slapdash humor.   The film has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. The plot has a total lack of originality, and is based on the very same tired story lines that were so successful in the original Star Wars films.  It's just not that funny at all, and I was expecting a real action flick. It looks like an amateurish attempt to make an animated film for kids.  The special effects are very amateurish, and some of them just looked like they were done by a 12 year old. And I can just imagine that the makers of the film were probably very drunk when they were making it. If I was going to see this film, I would choose to avoid it entirely. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie in a couple of different versions. One version has an odd plot line involving a dead body with an unusual tattoo on its face and another version has a woman who is trying to take over the dead man's role of "reaper". I have not seen the movie since it was first released, and I don't plan to watch it again. I just want to say that the film's content is so bad that it is impossible to watch. It has one plot line that is so ridiculously stupid and one plot that is too ridiculous to even be funny.  This is a really stupid movie. I don' really want to watch the film because I really don't care for this film at all. It is a film that I would have watched if I had seen it in the late 80's. The characters are bland, the plot is completely uninteresting, the movie's plot doesn't even have a proper beginning and end. The movie's first half is so incredibly boring that it makes even the worst of the other half seem like a good movie. The second half of the film is so stupid that it's not even funny at all! The movie makes absolutely no sense! This is the definition of a B movie.  I don`t recommend this movie at all if you are a movie buff. If you are not, and want to see a bad, boring film, I would suggest that you skip this one and instead watch something that has a plot line with a dead corpse and a plot that isn't so stupid as this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really hoping for a movie with some originality, but unfortunately it seems this movie is just a copy-paste of a copy of a movie from the past. I'm not a huge fan of sci-fi, but i really hoped for something new and different from this movie. I can't say that i was really disappointed by it.  In this case, I was expecting something more interesting and interesting, but sadly it wasn't. It's just an excuse to have an overly long, pointless, and boring film.  I guess I'm just disappointed that we were promised something new in this movie, but what we got was nothing new and nothing interesting. Maybe we'll get something more original and interesting in the future. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a decent film with the best elements from the original, but I was disappointed to see how much of the original was left out.  There were no references to the story, character development, or story, nor any explanation as to why the characters in the film have been switched. I know that some characters had died in the original film, but these were not included in this movie. This movie is just a bunch of old footage and recycled footage.  I did like the character and story development in the last 10 minutes of the movie, but unfortunately they were just recycled footage of the character in the other movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an absolute train wreck of a film. The acting is weak, the script is so unfunny it's unbelievable and it's so uninteresting to watch. I actually have to think about what I'm watching here. This movie isn't just bad, it's bad in the worst way possible.  The only reason I gave it 4 out of 10 was because of the music. It's just plain awful and I don't know how to react to it. It was just so unappealing and the music didn't make the story more interesting to watch in the slightest.  And of course the only redeeming factor was that it was an R rated film. But I can't say that's the best reason to watch this movie. It just sucks.  I give this movie a 2 out of ten. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A strange film about a strange family (including an odd child who seems to be a vampire, a weird cat and a mysterious old man) and their dog who seem to be related. The movie is a total waste of time. Nothing about it is coherent or has any real connection to the story or the plot. The only thing I liked was the old man, the cat and the dog. They looked interesting but nothing else. There is no reason to see it. I would recommend you not to watch it unless you want to be surprised or you are a bit bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this film in a local theater with my kids. It was so horrible I couldn't even concentrate on what was going on in the film, it was just awful. The kids were just as bored as I was. It's so bad that it even got to the point where they had to watch it on their own. The worst part was when the film director said something to the audience that was so ridiculous, I had to leave the theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie very boring. It was full of plot twists and a weak climax. The story line was all wrong. There was no character development. It just felt like a show to me. I don't even know why anyone would want to watch this movie. I gave it 1 out of 10. The ending is a waste of time. I would rather have seen a story line without the need of a climax. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so stupid I am just going to let the movie title sink in for a moment. "What the hell was that?" This movie was not a comedy. It was a horror movie, and I am pretty sure that horror is supposed to be a comedy, and this was not one of those horror comedies. It had no plot whatsoever, and the only plot device was a bunch of young kids running from a giant monster, who would get their revenge if they killed the monsters. This movie really got the worst of me, I mean it got me. I really wanted to see something funny, and didn't really care about the plot. The special effects were pretty bad, the effects in general were not very good, and even the effects for the monsters were terrible, the CG looked weird and it didn't seem to fit with the style of the movie. It is just not funny, unless you are a fan of the cartoon or something. I would rather have seen the original version of this movie.  It just goes to show how much the American movie industry sucks, and how little the fans actually care about these movies. I think I have given this movie an 8 out of 10, but it just got to be too much.  The only saving grace was the score, which was OK. I guess the actors got a free ride, since it was an American film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film, a remake of a very well-known movie "Dirty Little Secret", is about a bunch of friends who are on a vacation, but they can't stay there forever, so they rent a place for a week.  It's not exactly a horror movie, but it's just awful. It's awful because it's supposed to be a remake, and the cast is a bunch likeable (except for one guy), but the director never bothered to cast anyone who looked remotely scary. It takes place in a hotel room with an extremely ugly woman (the "Miss" in the film), who has some kind of alien virus that could kill people if they touch her. The virus is also somehow causing the hotel room to be filled with blood and guts (something that is actually possible). There's also a woman who is obsessed with a very violent, drug-addicted guy who has a lot of money and is obsessed about his daughter. I can't say anything bad about the actress, who is absolutely awful. She plays a very attractive woman who would probably be able to pull off a more believable "maiden name" if she was any good. The director doesn't seem to have a clue how to cast actors, either. The only actor who looks remotely believable is the guy who plays the janitor (I think he is the same actor who played the janice in the original), who looks more like a fat kid than an actual janitor. The rest of the cast (the rest of them are very pretty people, but I'll spare you the "hot" bits) are all pretty much a waste of time. It was really boring.  This movie is a total waste of money. It is the worst horror film I've ever seen. I'll give the original one a 4/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Glorious" is the title of a film that purports to be a documentary on the lives of some of the greatest athletes in the world. And if you've seen the movie, you'll know that it's not.  A few scenes are a little funny, but otherwise, the film is a total disappointment. There are some great actors, such as James Spader (for the role of one of the "bad guys"), but they're barely there. There's also a very bad supporting cast, which I'll admit is the main reason why the movie failed. It's just too bad. The acting is so weak, and the direction is so bad, that it makes the movie's story incomprehensible. I can't believe it! It's so bad that the actors are really only there to make you laugh, so that you'll buy their lines.  But then again, that's not really the problem here. I'd just like to point out that it would have been a lot better if the movie was released in theaters. This was just a one-off DVD, and I'm sure that you could find a copy on the shelves.   In the meantime, I suggest you buy a copy of "Chasing Eddie". It's a much better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a total waste of time. The story was a bit predictable but the acting was atrocious. I really wish that it was made into a series of short movies and that the DVD release of this film was made as well as the DVD of the movie that it is supposed to be.  The director was a bad actor. I found him to be very unpleasant and irritating to watch. The actor playing the part of the father seemed to be a bit too young for the part. I was hoping that the actor playing his son would be better than the actor portraying the father. That did not happen. The film's only saving grace was the fact that it contained a lot of very poor acting and that this film seemed to do a good job of setting up its own story. But the film was an absolute waste of the viewer's time. This film is one of the worst films I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why, but I can't get over the fact that the film is a waste of time.  As the movie begins, I'm wondering if this movie is actually a joke. I mean, how can it be that such a dull, predictable and uninteresting movie can have such a big budget and not be considered a comedy? This movie is really awful! A waste of money, and even worse, an embarrassment to the film industry.  The movie has a lot of potential, and I can imagine it being entertaining. However, I just can't bring myself to watch it. It just is awful. This is why I dont think anyone will want to see it. The script is bad. The characters are completely pointless. The music is terrible. And it's not even a good movie at all. I think it's just a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a horrible film, that's for sure. I just can't believe that it was made. It is so much worse than a lot of other films I have seen. It was an extremely boring and predictable piece of film making. The script was unbelievable, the acting was bad and the camera was terrible. The actors had no idea how to act in their roles, which is just as bad as I had expected. The camera angle was terrible, as well as the sound, as the soundtrack was awful. I don't understand how anyone could think this was a "good" film. I think it's more like a "bad" film, where the actors are too stupid and the script is so bad, that they are trying to make a positive point of the film.  I would give this a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really annoying. The actors seem to be bored or really unhappy. No plot. No character development. The only thing I can give this movie is that it is a great idea to make a movie about a giant, man-eating dinosaur, but why waste it all on a really, really bad movie? Why even bother making this movie? I think this movie should be banned. I can understand that people wanted to make something that was a little bit scary, something that wasn't quite straight-forward, and that they couldn't have a movie with dinosaurs. I'm guessing this movie was just a money-making thing for the producers. It was just not that entertaining and I think it was not a movie that I would have watched myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't really know what to make of this film except that I am having a hard time coming up with anything else to say about it. The film is absolutely devoid of any meaningful story whatsoever. The only interesting fact I could find out was that there was a car accident which killed the two main characters. That seems to be all the information the filmmakers have been able to collect in regards to the accident. I dont know how anyone could have made it past the first 30 minutes of the film and still be able to make it through to the end. In all fairness to the director I don' have much of a problem with him but the film is so completely inept that I can only assume he was given an order to make this film by someone with no idea how to do a film. The editing was particularly awful and so was the acting, although I'm not sure I've ever seen a movie in which the acting was so poor as to be laughable. It is absolutely impossible to believe that someone could be given this task and come up with this film.  It is extremely frustrating to see that an entire studio was devoted to making this piece of trash and that so many people saw this film and laughed at it.  I just wish someone had actually given this film to the people who could actually have done something with it instead of wasting it. It would have made a great little movie but for this reason alone it should have never been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very pleased to see the trailer for this movie, as it looked like a good movie. I was shocked to find that the movie was actually about a woman who is in the throes of depression.  I would have liked to have seen more of the characters and their reactions to each other, but unfortunately I wasn't able to find them. The only characters that stood out were the ones who were shown in their natural state, so it's hard to find out who the other characters are.  The movie was pretty bad, with a lot of scenes that were simply too long and pointless. I would recommend not seeing it, and just waiting for the next big action movie to come out, unless you're in a hurry to see a sequel to this awful film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie before, and it was good.  I saw the first one when I was 14 and didn't want to miss out. I thought it was very funny, but I was really disappointed when I saw this one.  The plot was predictable, the acting was poor and the whole movie had nothing to do with the story. This movie is so devoid of plot, so uninteresting, so poorly done.  And I'm just so disgusted that it has been released so late in the year.  It just shows how out of date films are.  So please, don't waste your time on this one, it's awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is so bad. It's like the plot from a terrible movie: all the characters are so unlikable. The dialog is terrible. The plot doesn't make sense. It takes so long for everything to happen, and then all of the characters fall into the same pit. The ending is unsatisfying. This is the worst movie I have ever seen.  The only reason I recommend this movie is that it's just plain boring. It just isn't funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just finished watching this movie. The plot was extremely confusing, and the actors had no chemistry with each other or the plot. It was one of the most uninspired movies I've ever seen. I really wanted to like this movie, but it's just so awful that it really hurt. It seemed like it was made with a bunch of people who had never made a movie before. I mean, come on, who thought that they would be able to make a decent film with a budget that big? And they couldn't make it better. It's just a waste of time. I'm not even joking. I just really hate this movie...it's just awful.    This movie has to be one of their worst films ever, right? They really screwed this movie up, it's not even worth the $10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't have much of a tolerance for the overblown, overrated, and overblown productions that dominate Hollywood. But this one was really, really irritating. I mean, it was the only one in a while that I thought the producers actually cared about the characters, and didn't care that the characters looked like they weren't really acting. It was just another excuse to put a bunch of pretty girls in a movie and pretend that they're really acting (even if they are). It was like a lot of the movie was about the girls and the boys.  I did like the movie, but it's a big waste of time. I can't think of a single movie in recent memory that's even remotely good that's not at least a little pretentious and pretentious. The script was awful. The acting was even worse. And there was no way to see any of the "interesting" stuff they were trying to make a point about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a pretty typical "The Godfather" movie, only the movie has the Godfather's name and is about the mafia. It's very predictable and predictable, the movie is full of plot twists that can be guessed by anyone who knows about mafia. The movie never has any real suspense, and there is no real mystery in it. The plot is all over the place, the actors are terrible and the directing is a little slow.  But that's not all, it's not a bad film.  In fact, it could be good if you really liked the original Godfather movies. This movie should not be watched by anyone. This is a total waste of your time, and a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Naked Eye" is a film that will be remembered by a lot of people as a terrible piece of work. However, I feel that it is probably a bit better than it was. The story is not particularly well told, there is little plot, the acting is generally pretty bad (though the film does have some amusing moments), and there is an over-dramatic score. The film also includes a very irritating and offensive "sexy" scene in which the male lead is trying to seduce a woman on the beach, but he can't get close to her because she is wearing her bathing suit underneath her swimsuit. I would say this is the worst movie ever made, but I have seen worse.  I do like the concept of this film, though, so I give it 4 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a waste of time and money. I don't know if I would be able to stand to watch this at all if I had to do it, but I didn't care. I just wanted to get the DVD. The fact that it wasn't even worth my time was more of a disappointment. It would have been a really cool feature to see if it wasn'T such a waste. This is the only movie I've ever seen where the plot didn't make sense. The plot is just one big joke. If you're a fan of movies like "Crazy Stupid Love", "The Longest Yard", "Ghost Dog" or "The Last Picture Show", then I really doubt you will be a fan at all of "Bubble Buddies". If you are looking for a movie to be laughed at, or something to be embarrassed of, you're in the wrong movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film made by a film company who made another film about the first one - only this time it has a cast of people who are not even remotely related to the original film. This film is not an improvement over the first. The characters are all unoriginal, the acting is flat, and there are several plot holes.  In this film, a man (who can't be named) is shown having a conversation with the mother of the girl he's playing. However, the mother is actually the daughter of the mother in the first film. The daughter's name is Liza, and she says that her mother has been killed, and that she was trying to find the man (the character) who killed her mother. The man, who was also the father of the daughter's brother, shows up and says that the woman killed her daughter, and threatens to kill Liza's brother if Liza doesn't tell him everything about his daughter.  The father and brother get their hands on a police officer, and they both decide that they want to get rid of the man they think killed their mother and sister. The father also tells the police officer that he killed his sister and mother in an act of revenge. The officer tries to persuade the father that the two men he's been talking to are not his friends, and then he decides to kill the two guys instead. The police officer decides to take the two brothers out on a trip, but the men are too scared to leave, and end up running off. After the two run off, the police officers end up going to Liza (Liza's name) and telling her to tell them everything about her sister's murder. The sisters end up taking the police to Lizzy's sister's house where Liza has been living. When the sisters are asked why Liza is being kept so quiet, they all claim that they didn't know Liza was going to be kept quiet. The sister's mom comes and takes Liza to a secret location where they keep Liza in a coffin, and use her to make a potion. The two girls decide that since they don't know what they're doing, they're just going to leave Liza alive and wait for the potion to work. The woman puts a charm on the potion and then gives it to Lizzie. Lizzies father shows up, and Lizzee says that she'll go with the sisters, but she'll kill Lizzo when L
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was pretty bad but it was okay. The acting in this movie was so bad it could have been a comedy. The plot was terrible and the acting in it was so very predictable. The movie was overrated. The entire movie was just a joke.  This movie made no sense and the actors were all so stupid. Even the director had a very bad movie. The ending was just so predictable. And the movie just felt like an afterthought. This movie could have easily been a half-hour long, lame, badly made horror movie.  I don't know what made this movie so bad. Perhaps the director did not have the time to make a decent movie. Maybe the movie makers thought that they could make a horror movie out of the plot. This is the only horror movie I have ever seen that was so terrible that it was better to stay at home. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a bad film, but it is a film that is made for no purpose. I can't believe they put their minds together to put together a mediocre film that would be such a waste of money. This is the reason why it gets such low ratings, because most people simply don't understand it.   I was hoping that this would at least have some merit, but unfortunately it doesn't even make sense. The whole idea is that the hero is an orphan, and that his father abandoned him when he was young. The only reason the father left is because he didn't like the fact that his son was gay. He's not really angry because he thinks the boy has had enough trouble. The film is a waste because the story is very shallow and completely lacks any depth. I found myself questioning the motives of the characters and not liking them because of the lack of depth.  It was an attempt at an indie film, and it failed miserably. It's as though someone in the film industry didn't understand that movies aren't made to entertain, but to sell. They could have made a movie that could have been decent, but the whole idea seemed like it was made to sell, and so it failed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no plot, no characters and a weak script.  The acting was really awful. There was no chemistry between the two actors and the scenes just didn't make sense.  I thought the ending was stupid and I don't understand how the movie could have lasted 10 minutes. It was boring and unbelievable. I think they should have done a sequel and not waste time with a movie like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only redeeming quality of this film is that it gives the viewer a chance to see all the mistakes that were made. But the viewer will likely never see them.  It is simply a piece of garbage. The editing, direction, and story are so bad that you might think you were watching a documentary. The only way to know if you're seeing a documentary or a video is to watch it, and then see the credits for yourself. If it makes you feel any better, I'll leave you with this quote: "If you see it, it's just a video. If you don't see it it's not a movie. I don't think it even works, because the story was so bad. It was the worst film I've ever seen. I think the guy who made it was trying to sell it. It's just not believable. You should have been able to tell that from the first line."  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is completely over the top and in the end makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. There are no moments in this film where you actually feel like you are learning something, even though there is definitely a plot. It is like the movie was made to make people watch it for a few hours of entertainment, and then it went on to become a series of films that were so unbelievably stupid that you can't even begin to imagine what they would have been like. The characters are boring and unlikable, the plot is totally devoid of all the interesting ideas and character development you would expect to find in a film with such a great cast. The acting is bad and the camera doesn't even work when it should. The film just feels like a waste of time and it's obvious that the writer has never really considered what he was making.  This film would have worked better as an advertising campaign for a video game, because it's not really a movie at all.   I think it's possible that it's only because the director is a very talented and well known person that the director wanted to capitalize on his fame and is therefore willing to waste the time that might otherwise have been spent in making a better film. It's hard to say if this was a good movie or a bad waste of a talented director's time, but I can guarantee you that it was a waste.  The worst thing about this film is the actors. The only good actor was the character of the film's main antagonist, and there is no real reason to care about him. His character is completely unlikABLE and you just want to punch him in the face and get the fuck out of there.  I don't recommend this film at all because it was absolutely horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is completely without interest and the only reason for watching is to see what the characters look like, as the character of K.A.M is an actor of the type that should be avoided, but somehow he was chosen to play a part. He is a very flat and uninteresting character with an odd accent and his story line is totally unbelievable. It seems that this movie was made by a director who has never worked with an actor before and has no idea what a movie is supposed to be. It was so awful that I would have rather not watch any movie at all.  I think that the director should spend more time making movies where actors have a real connection with the story and the characters rather than making movies like this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad. There are so many missed opportunities. The main character is supposed to be a great detective, but the movie doesn't make him a good detective. Instead of giving him a special ability, the movie takes away his powers and makes him a "dumb cop."  The movie tries to make us care about a dumb cop, but it never gets anywhere. You can tell that the movie was never meant to be for us, because it fails so miserably. It's like the cast was all just sitting in a room and writing down how they wanted to make the movie.  The script is so weak and the movie is such a mess that it makes you wish you could get the movie for free.  I guess it was a low budget movie made in a college dorm. I guess the idea was that the student actors had a chance to make a good movie, and they did. It didn't happen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title says it all, but there is no denying the fact that this film does not make any sense whatsoever. I don't know how it can be that this director is making this film, considering the fact he is an expert in producing movies. And I do mean that in a good way. If you want to see some sort of thriller, then don't watch this. I think this was made because the director has a lot of money to spend, and wants to create a film that will make a lot more money than a film which could not do that. In this case, he succeeded. Unfortunately, the film makes no sense whatsoever and I can only say that because it is such a cheap thriller. This film does nothing but confuse and waste the viewer.  I was really hoping to see a horror film, but was disappointed by this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a father (played by Paul Giamatti) and son (played in the film by Michael Keaton and Chris Evans). They are both from the same family but the father (Giamatti), has been raised a very conservative, religious man, and has not had any contact with his son for 15 years.  After their father passes away, the son decides to follow his father's path of doing everything he can to help his father and his family. In doing so, he finds himself in the middle of a conspiracy and the death of a child. After he has killed a few people, he is killed by the mysterious assassin (Christopher Walken). This movie isn't a movie, it's an awful piece of crap. There are too many scenes of Chris Evans and Michael Keaten acting like nothing ever happened. The movie could have been better had it been filmed at a high school. The acting in this film is not even half the good as it is in the original film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the world of horror movies, it's not that uncommon for an original idea to take hold and turn into a terrible bomb. The idea is to get you to watch horror movies and then enjoy them. Well, this is the way the idea goes, but when you take away the premise, you're left with a movie that is a joke. There are no scares, just a bunch of creepy characters and no real tension, and there's nothing in the story that would make a horror movie worth watching.  This is the only time I've seen a movie where I actually wanted to leave the theater, and that was the last time I saw it. The acting was so bad I was sure it was going to be a joke and I was so upset I just left the theater.  Don't get me wrong; this movie was okay for a few laughs, but it was really, really bad. If you're not scared of a horror flick, just ignore this one. I'd advise avoiding it at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an utter disappointment. I've been through so many of these. This is the worst one I've ever seen. The actors, in this case, are just horrible. The acting is so bad I'm wondering if there's a script that has been approved by the American Humane Association and the American Association of Film Directors. They're not even allowed to make movies without a script. I'm very surprised there are any films that have this script. They should all be burned.  It has no redeeming features whatsoever. It's simply a waste of time and money.  I gave it 4/10 because I think it's one of the best movies that I've seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie made by someone who never made a good movie before. The plot is so poorly executed that I'm surprised they made it into any form of DVD. They should have just used a bunch of their previous films as a base.  The acting is pretty bad, and the movie just isn't good enough to even have an ending, but I did enjoy the opening credits and the final credits. I'd just avoid this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just got done watching this and I just saw a review about this movie in a bad comedy on Youtube. I'm going to write a negative description about this, but I would like to warn you if you're a fan of this type of comedy, don't waste your time. I can't give you a rating for it because I can only give a rating about movies that I dislike.  First off, I don't understand how this movie has been in such a short time since it was first released. A movie about a group of friends talking about their relationship and what their lives are like without the plot lines will be a bad time. The first line of the movie is "A girl is dead, my wife is dead!" and the last line of this movie is that the girlfriend dies. But, as a movie, it's just not funny.  In the beginning, the friends are in a movie theater, so I thought they were going to see "The Little Mermaid". Well, when they go into the bathroom to see their friend, there is a giant wall of trash. The friend tries to get a soda from the refrigerator, but the soda comes out of the trash instead. After that, the movie goes on like a bunch of teenagers talking about how their life is, with a bunch that is a total crap show. The movie is just a bunch and a bunch. In fact, there are two scenes where the friend makes a joke about the girlfriend's name and the friend gives away the girlfriend.  So, if you like bad movies, this movie might be for you. It's just so boring, and the acting is terrible. It makes me sick.  The ending is just so stupid. The guy says to his friend, "Do you know who I am?" His friend says, "No". The guy replies, "Well, I'm not a bad guy". I think that was a really good line. It just felt like the friends were being sarcastic and not really taking anything seriously. It was just a lot of dialog without any meaning to it.  If you are looking for a good movie, go to the movies and forget about this one. I just can't believe it. It is an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie in a rental store. I was surprised to find that it wasn't available on DVD. The first thought was that it might be a video-on-demand, which is how I found out I'd be able to rent it.  The movie is about a high school senior who gets caught cheating in a class on the SAT. The movie shows him and his friends at the scene of the crime, but the first scene in the movie was completely missing.  After the first hour of the movie, I could only think of one thing. I thought it was a joke. I didn't know the script was actually this bad. I watched the DVD again and found out that it's actually worse. I can't say I'd recommend it to anyone. It's so poorly made it's laughable.  I gave it 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie once in the theater and after a short time I couldn't even see the end.  The acting was very, very bad and the story was predictable.  I did not care for this movie at all. I found the idea of a killer killer, and then had to wait for it to happen.  What a waste of time. I'm not sure why the movie was made. If you are looking for a good horror movie that is not going to scare the living crap out of you, this movie is not for you. I give this movie 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, it's just a little too long. If you've seen all the other episodes of the show, you'll understand why this episode should be cut down to 15 minutes.  The movie starts off with the most boring (and most uninteresting) thing I've seen in a while. It's basically an extended trailer for the episode. After the credits, you get some of the most stupid jokes from this series, and the show's "ending" (that could only happen if they actually had a movie made in the beginning) is just another dumb joke from the show.  Also, the ending was actually a little better than the beginning, but the movie never got to this point. This is one of the worst movies ever made.  Don't waste your time on it, and don't buy the DVD. If the only movie you want to see is the first 10 minutes, you can rent the DVD instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has all the signs of a movie made by a low budget production company. It looks like a college level, low budget movie, but the plot is a farce and the acting is so bad. The only thing I liked about this film was the fact that it's about the life of a teenager in a small town. The movie looks like it was shot in a day, with actors in various costumes, and edited in a college student style. The music is terrible, and the only thing that's even vaguely decent is the song that plays in the beginning.  There is one scene where there's a huge fire, and that scene is totally unnecessary. And the movie is filled with so many stupid plot twists that I didn't believe they were actually going to happen. I saw this movie for about ten minutes and I just wanted to scream. It's just a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to watch the trailer for this.  It looks like a typical Hollywood "WTF?!" - with a few twists. This is not a film for children. It's a shame that this is what children are watching nowadays. This movie has nothing to do with a story. It has a boring plot. I can't imagine how anyone could find any humor in this movie. It is like watching a bunch of teenagers trying to make a movie and failing. I just hope that they don't sue the producer for making them watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that I'm quite surprised that a movie such as this was made. I mean, it looks like a very simple concept, but then I can't believe it was the first time somebody put such a thing together. It was rather stupid. The only thing that was funny was that the movie had so many references to a few of the "great" movies of the '80s (and maybe even the '90s).  There was no plot at all. There was little dialogue. And when it came to the sex scenes, there was no sexiness.  The only time the movie did get interesting was when the actors were performing it. There were quite a few times when the acting was better than the actual movie.  I was very disappointed when the movie ended. It seemed that they had decided that they couldn't even make it into a sex film without having sex scenes. And they had made a few. I guess they wanted to get away from that, and they succeeded. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful, and was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The acting was awful. The music was also awful, not much to say about that.  The plot was predictable, and there was absolutely no direction in the movie.  I was extremely disappointed in the direction of the movie, and in the acting. The characters were dull, uninteresting, and did not seem to have any kind of motivation. It seemed like they were made to be shown as idiots on screen. The story itself was so bad, I had to laugh at it for a few minutes. The ending was so ridiculous, and so poorly done, I couldn't take it.  It made me sick to see this movie. I've never seen a bad film this bad, and I've seen some pretty good movies over the years.  All in all, this movie was just plain awful. I don't think I've wasted an hour of my life watching this movie, I would just rather watch another movie. The worst movie I've witnessed since I've been watching movies, I'm pretty sure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a number of things that I don't understand about movies like this one. Why does a film about a murder with a young boy and a baby (the son of the killer) make the killer a teenager? Why doesn't the movie's title and premise make sense? Why does the killer keep talking about "the old days"? Why does he talk about how much money was spent on him? Why are the killer's friends all portrayed as being much older than the killer? Why was the killer so stupid that he would give the killer an 8-year-old baby to "protect" (even though the killer didn't even know the child had a chance of surviving)? Why did the killer not tell his son's friends that he was a killer? The movie doesn't make any sense and the editing is poor. The movie's producers should have listened to the advice I've just given. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just came back from seeing this flick for the first time, and I can't imagine it was anything more than a waste of time. I'm a film reviewer, and you see films with a very good chance of being at least okay. This one is an insult to film critics. The script was terrible. There was no plot, no characters, no acting, and no chemistry. It is not a good movie. The director is probably some sort of idiot who just thought he could make a "comedy" out of something he didn't like. If you want to see a bad film, I suggest you not look at this one, because there are plenty of worse movies out there. This is just one of the many films I saw when I was a film school student, and the only way I can see the director's "bad" movie was by watching the other films, which I'll be posting soon. This film just seems like it was made for people who don't like comedies, and that's just not something I can appreciate. I didn't even like the first film, so I can only imagine how this one will turn out to be.   I'd like to suggest people that are looking for a good laugh with this movie go watch the first movie, because I'm sure there is more in there. The other movies I saw were just as bad, but this one has more of a script that I don't understand. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a low budget horror flick, that was shot in 2 days in a studio parking lot, without the approval of the studio.  I would've been disappointed if I got any entertainment out of this. I mean, I really like horror movies, but I'd really like to see some good horror films, and the most recent one was really bad. I didn't really care if the actors were drunk or high, but they were really horrible and I don't think I saw one or two that were funny. I'm sure there are more films out there that are just plain awful, but this one was just awful. I wish they had made this film with a better script.  The acting was OK, the story was stupid, but the worst part was the movie itself. The story is so far removed from reality that it could've just as easily been a TV show. This film isn't scary, and I'll give the producers the benefit of the doubt that they're going to make a decent film. I'd suggest skipping this film and go see a real horror film instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had hoped to see this film for its unique premise, and its unique director. What I got was a bland, predictable and poorly acted, formulaic and shallow action film. The story and script seemed to be a waste of time and effort for the studio.   It had a script and direction that seemed to have been written by a couple of drunk teenagers. The characters were very shallow and one dimensional. The special effects looked like they had been put together by a bored 14 year old.  There are no great performances or special effects and no real action sequences. The only thing that made this movie interesting was the plot. And even there the movie was a complete failure. The film would have been a disappointment if not for the characters. I felt like the character was made to be the star of the film, and I felt that they did not give him the respect that the character deserved. The writing is very weak and the acting is poor. The cast has very limited range, and the director was clearly out of his mind when making this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the interest of keeping it short, I'll just mention the three main points I have against this movie: 1) The character of Chris is an extremely stereotypical, "good guy" that just happens to be the worst of all possible roles in the film. 2) The story itself is absolutely awful, and I think it's pretty obvious that this movie was made with very little money, so the director/writer is either completely inept or has a very limited knowledge of the film industry. It's possible that the director made the film for some money, but I don't know. And 3) The movie is horribly, painfully slow and boring.   If you don't like the "bad" movies, don't watch this one. If you want to see a film that has some decent action, don, don and enjoy. But don't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My husband and I watched this movie at a local movie theater in St. Louis. The movie is about a girl, a kid and a cat who are all trapped in a cave for over a year, and they all get out one day. The cat, being a cat, has a way of making everything worse for the cat's family.  The cat gets his revenge on the cat family by destroying everything. A bunch of stupid movies are ruined by the cat. The plot is just stupid and stupid. The cats in the movie are not cute and the kids don't have much to do except to be sad and cry. The whole movie is a giant mess. The first half of the movie is completely pointless and boring. The second half of this movie is absolutely awful. The third half of it is completely boring, as well. It has no redeeming features whatsoever. It was not even worth watching. It made me want to throw my own baby out of the window, as it did me.  I can only imagine how terrible the movie was for the actors who made it. I am glad that I did not pay $8 to see it.  If you want to see a bad, stupid, movie, watch this one. If you do want to buy a movie ticket, don't waste your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no doubt about it. This movie is a comedy, but it was just so terribly boring, it is so predictable, that I actually felt cheated. It was as if they made this movie with the knowledge that it was going to be an utter failure. So they made a lot of references to other movies. The film was so flat, it was like the whole movie was made from the ground up, so it wasn't funny.  It had a script that was so terrible, you couldn't even tell if it was supposed to be a comedy or an action film. The plot is so unbelievable, it didn't even make sense, and then it got worse. In fact, the movie was so bad, you wouldn't know if the film was about a man or a woman. The only thing that kept this movie from being a total fail was that the story wasn't even about the man or woman, it only dealt with the relationship between a man and a woman (the only way they could have been together), and then they were both dead, and the woman went back to her ex-husband. It's as if the filmmakers were trying to make a comedy that had no real characters, and so they made one character the main character. The story is so unbelievably predictable, the film is so flat and boring, that you won't know when it is about a woman, and you won' t care, because it isn't about a person at all. The movie has a very weak plot, but the fact that the plot isn't even funny is what kept the movie from getting worse.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so far from being what was advertised as "an original feature film" that it is not even a comedy, although it does offer a few laughs. This film just seems like a collection of different jokes thrown together to give it a little more "bite". It is a waste of time and money. There is no script to speak of, although there are bits of dialog, which are not particularly well acted. And the music is terrible. This is an embarrassment to the people who made it and it's certainly a disgrace to those who made the film. This was a complete waste of money and I would have thought that a film like this would have been a success at least. It's just a pity that this one has to go down in history as a failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was no plot, no motivation, no real character development and not a lick of humor in the whole film. If you are a fan of comedy that is only a few minutes long, you will like this film. However, if you are an action movie fan who is only looking to have a little fun, you might have a problem. The action was pretty uninspired, the action sequences were extremely slow and boring and there was very little plot. If this were a TV series, the script would be written by some low-rent screenwriter who just wanted to make a quick buck.  The only reason I gave this movie a 3 was because of the great acting, the fact that I laughed at the entire film, and the fact the ending was totally predictable. This movie was so boring that I had to turn it off. If there were a movie with better writing, action, story and even humor, it would be in my top ten. If anyone is going to pay $10 for this film, I would suggest that you at least rent a DVD. If they release this movie on DVD, I will pay the postage to get it to you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First thing is, I think that a movie should be entertaining not only for the actors but also for the viewer. So the whole concept was not good. The first half of the movie is very boring and slow. It is just like "Talladega Nights" or "Mama Mia". And then the second half of this movie is just awful. The plot is not very clear, the acting is not great. All in all it is just not very interesting. I did like the concept of "Maniac". But it's just not good either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The concept for this film is to show a young couple who have recently moved into their new house. A young girl has come to live with them and they start to enjoy each other's company. Unfortunately, when the girl gets pregnant and the man of the house has to leave the house, the couple gets bored and start to fall apart.  After seeing a few films, I can say this film fails miserably. I have seen some really good films out there, but this one fails to live up to them. It is completely ridiculous and lacks any credibility at all. The wife and husband are totally unfriendly to each other, and when they get drunk together, they act like an old married couple.  The wife's personality is completely ruined by the film. Her character is completely flat, uninteresting, and not in any way like the woman she married. Her scenes are often ridiculous and contrived. Her husband is completely useless, and the only way I can think of to make a negative comment on this film was to say that the man's role was too small, but I'm afraid I just didn't know what the man was supposed to do. I did enjoy the film, but not as much as I did in "The House of Pestilence", "I've Got You Under My Skin", or "The Evil Eye".  This movie was made with no budget and no hope of making a profit. If you are going to make an hour long, low budget, horror movie, try and make it interesting. This movie is one of the worst I have ever seen. It's a real waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen other reviewers say that the movie was a bit funny, but not funny enough to make me laugh.  This was not funny. It was not even funny at all.  It was just too ridiculous to laugh. There was a point where the movie just got a little too silly to continue.  The director is known for making the most absurd films, but I don't think this is his best movie. The plot is too convoluted to keep up with. There are a few funny moments, but they were too few and far between. If you want to see some of the director's previous movies, this is probably the movie to go to, but otherwise, I would avoid this film. It is definitely not worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with my kids. We both were under 10 years old. It was not fun at all. It had very little to do with anything but the characters and not even the plot. We were very bored and we had to laugh at some of the jokes. It made no sense at all and I just want to say that this movie did not deserve to be released. The acting was awful, the plot was awful and I think it was just made to scare the viewers. The movie made no impact at all on the movie. If you can't watch the movie with your kids, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Devil's Eye" is a very basic and unimaginative film about a young boy and his grandfather (played by Ed Harris) who is a demon. It has a lot of potential, but in the end the story gets very predictable and predictable.  The characters don't even have names, there are no real characters, and most of the story takes place in a very small apartment with a few characters. The story is very basic, but if you can make a story about demons and demons that you can't name, you have to at least give the audience a decent script.  "Fool's Quest" is an attempt at a horror film that I found very unsatisfying. It's very basic story, with a very predictable ending, and doesn't do a good job at horror. I give it a 1/10 because I can't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie as a teen, and was never able to get into it. It's a shame because it was really one of the few that actually made me think this movie was worth watching. I've watched a few other low budget "Wish You Were Here"s but this one is the worst I've seen. It was absolutely terrible and didn't even deserve to be made.  The acting was horrible and the script was absolutely awful. The movie just feels like it was made for people who can't write or act or think critically. It feels like the writers and directors just put together a bunch of random ideas to make a movie. It would be really hard to come up with a movie this bad if the writers were really talented and talented writers.  I give this movie 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a chance to watch this film when I was in the early stages of filming, and I must say that it was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is very disappointing because I was hoping that it would be a comedy. The whole movie was so slow and boring. The script was so incoherent, I couldn't understand what was going on in the movie. I had to watch it 3 times and it made me laugh once and then just stopped.  I would give the movie 2/10 but it was so far from a comedy, it was not even funny. The movie was completely pointless. There were no jokes, and the plot is just bad. I am sorry for the time I spent watching it, but it wasn't worth it. I will probably not watch this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what was going on in this film, but it was really slow and boring. It seemed to be made by a group of people who didn't really care about this film. The acting was so bad that it was almost impossible to believe. It is just as bad as the original, except that there are some jokes in this one. It's really unbelievable that someone would waste their time in such a ridiculous film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie twice now, and although I have not seen the second, and I cannot imagine why anyone would, I will give it a 3 rating for the first one. However, I think it is just awful. It is not a joke, but it is a complete waste of time. I do not think anyone can say this movie was funny. The acting was terrible, the plot is awful, and the ending was really stupid. The ending has no resolution, and only serves to put the viewer in despair at the lack of an actual ending.  The idea behind the movie was fine. However I do think they could have done a better job of keeping the characters in focus, or at least showing more action. The whole thing felt like they tried to make a horror movie out of a romantic comedy.  This is a very, very, really bad movie. Do not watch it. I recommend you stay away from this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film once, twice, and then twice again. And this time, the second time, I was able to get a DVD of it. I watched it in the same way I did with the first time. Except the same movie, with a slightly different ending. So what was the difference? Was it the camera angle, or the actors, or was it the time of day? I'm not sure, but it didn't help much. In the end, it just didn't make any sense at all. And it was so annoying! If you want to see an American film, don't bother. The movie isn't worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that I saw this movie before it was released and thought it was pretty good. Then I saw it again today and was shocked to find out it's only about 2 hours long. I can only imagine what this movie was made for and I just want to say "thank you" to whoever was responsible for this. I was going to watch this on DVD, but I think they'd have been a bit too much of a waste.  The acting was terrible. I mean, you've got a guy playing a bad guy, a guy that kills people, a lady playing a girl who hates him, a girl playing a boy who loves him, etc...but then they've got the girl that hates him and he kills her for reasons I don't understand...you got a girl that is going to kill people, you got a chick that is not going to let her boyfriend die...I can't believe anyone was in charge of this.  I don''t know what happened to the director or the actors or whoever made it, but if they're out there and they're gonna pay some money for it I'd love to know why they're making a movie about murder.  But what was I expecting from this movie? It's a horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this is the worst movie ever made, not just for being so terrible, but for the way it was made. The story is stupid, the acting is awful and the effects are not realistic. I would not recommend it to anyone but if you have to see it, just watch it on a loop on TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a film I would say is best described as a series of 'howlers'. I mean howlers in the sense of 'cute but really awful'.  The story is very weak, the plot seems to have been pulled from one or two movies.  The only thing that kept me watching was the plot line that the killer had a girlfriend and it was implied that she was involved in the murder, but not directly involved. It was a very weak premise and I think the film was just rushed through because the producers were on a deadline. I would give the movie 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film contains more plot holes than a bad sci-fi movie that could have been written a hundred years ago. The idea that a group of humans would use a giant "Space Station" to bring down the space station is laughable. It's as if they were all making fun of the space program at the same time. I can't believe anyone at NASA is trying to come up with such ideas. I mean come on! Why not just build the space stations themselves? And what the heck does the "Bigger" mean? I've read the other explanations and they seem to have worked out, but this is an abject failure. The acting is abysmal. The "baddies" were the worst I've ever seen.  I'll admit I had fun while watching this one, but it's just so unbelievably lame and stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was absolutely boring. It could've been a good comedy, but it didn't work. The script was terrible.  The plot was stupid. There were so many characters and places that I couldn't understand who they were. This is why this film has such a low rating. There is no reason for anyone to care about what happens in this film. It has no redeeming qualities whatsoever.  Don't watch this. It's like an old, worn-out joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to give this movie credit for its name. It sounds so good. But it is just plain bad. If you are a fan of the show or the book or both then you will enjoy it. If not, then you won't. The plot is boring and the acting is pretty bad. It is not funny either. I can't say I didn't enjoy the movie, but I didn' t like it at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this movie should be "Worst movie ever made".  I saw this on Netflix when I was looking for a good horror movie. It is so bad I couldn't even watch the trailer because it was so terrible. I have seen the trailer of this film and was so sickened when I saw it.  The characters were all completely ridiculous. The acting was so wooden and it was not funny. I don't think I would watch this movie again if I were to find it on Netflix.  I don' t know if the movie was made in Germany or Austria. I am not sure of the location because I don''t think it was ever released in the US. It was filmed in Italy.  Watch this movie if you want to see a movie that is so terrible it doesn't deserve to be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie very hard to believe until I actually watched it. It was so, so, unbelievably bad. It had so much potential to be really funny, but instead it is a mess. I would not have given it a 1/10 if I had to rate it, because the whole movie is just awful. It is really hard to make out what is going on in it and the camera makes things difficult to see. The acting is really awful. And the plot doesn't make much sense. There is so little thought put into the story that you wonder why anyone would have thought of it.  I would have given this movie a 2/10, but I don't think that anyone else would have.  The only good thing about this movie is that the actors are really funny. It really is a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Masters of Evil" was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The acting was awful and the plot was just plain stupid. There was no humor, and no reason for the character to kill anyone. Even the ending had no justification whatsoever. I think the best movie in the trilogy is "Gremlins" but this one is so far below that movie that I can only conclude that they were trying to make a sequel to "Master of Evil". I really feel sorry for anyone who has to sit through this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The acting is so bad that I laughed at the beginning, then I thought I had to see what was coming next. This is a very predictable story, a few scenes were interesting, but the rest are so unbelievable that you have to watch to the end. You're expected to be in complete awe of the stupidity and stupidity that the characters say, but you just laugh. I would've taken the time to understand how the characters made this movie, but I couldn't because the actors didn't care. This movie is so stupid that I would hate to give it an 8. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've always thought of "The Twilight Zone" as a sort of anti-Christian film, which is a bit odd, as most movies are, except perhaps the original. The Twilight Zone was actually based on a book by Joseph Heller, the creator of "A Clockwork Orange", the novel which inspired the original film. But it's a little odd that the movie's director, Sam Raimi, could have made a film without ever mentioning Heller's name.  The movie doesn't really hold together and the script is utterly incoherent.  There are some great performances in the film, such as James Caan as the mysterious janitor who takes the place of the doctor who is killed. Unfortunately, his role is completely wasted by a poorly acted and unconvincing character named David Lynch, who appears to be an agent of some sort. It's difficult to say how much of a part he has to his character, though it certainly is small.  In fact, I've never seen a better script for a bad film, except possibly for "The Dead Zone". The movie begins with a long scene of Lynch's character, "Rabbit", talking with a group of people at a party, then cutting back to a group photo in which Lynch is shown sitting at a table. It is very difficult to tell what is going on with his character. Lynch appears to have had no more than a few minutes to prepare this for his character to appear. It doesn't help that the actors playing his characters are, by and large, so wooden that it's as if they are acting at a very low level. I can see why Lynch didn't want to use a lot of lines in the movie, because they weren't really necessary. But even if Lynch hadn't spoken, the movie would have been a disappointment because the script has no idea of what is actually going on.  I guess "The Last Time I Saw Her" could have been made better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like to like to see good movies and I like good movies that are made by good people but this movie is just plain boring. It is made for TV, but the story is so bad it makes it look like it was made to be shown in a low budget TV program. There are no funny moments, no real emotions, nothing really worth watching, except that I was hoping to see a little more of the cast in the movie.  I just want to be able to laugh when I'm watching a good movie, but in this case it just made me feel like I was watching something that wasn't really that good.  The movie should have never been made. The script, the direction, the acting, the sound...it's all awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was absolutely awful. Not because it's not a horror film. It's not even a horror movie. I've seen the movie before, but this was just a completely awful version of it. I think the only way it could have made it worse was if the director had taken a really big dump in his pants. If I was in that movie's shoes, I'd have just thrown up. I really don't know why the director even bothered to make this movie.  I have a theory that this movie could have been made to promote the movie. The movie was about a haunted house, but the haunted house was a bad house. There's no reason why this movie would have been even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this on cable, and watched it with my husband and daughter for the first time ever. They watched it together, and they did not seem to enjoy it much. It was a total waste of their time. It is nothing more than a bunch of actors who know nothing of the subject matter and don't care to do much of anything other than act as their characters in the movie. The plot is too far removed from what is actually happening in the story, and there is absolutely no story to be told. The actors never really connect with the audience. They do the bare minimum and they don't seem to care to be involved with the characters at all. And, oh yeah, the ending sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this and was very disappointed because I found the story to be extremely poor. It has the typical horror movies with blood and gore. I didn't see any hint of humor or character development. This movie has almost no plot, only a few moments in the beginning when the movie was a bit entertaining.  After the movie, I found myself thinking that the plot was really bad because the movie had almost no action and was just a bunch of blood and guts.  I would have preferred the film to be a little more action oriented.  The movie does have one positive point though, it has a really creepy creature. This was the only positive point of the movie for me.  My rating for the movie is 1 out of 10. I recommend you don't waste your time watching this movie, it is probably the worst horror movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie many times on video, but it's been years since I saw it. The first time I saw the trailer, I knew it was a bad idea, but I watched the whole movie on DVD. I think I was expecting a fun adventure that would end up with me solving the mystery, but instead I just got bored and had to stop after a few minutes. I have watched this movie a hundred times, but just never got to the end.  The movie starts off with a lot of promise, and after a while it goes down to absolute crap. It looks so bad that the movie can't even be shown on TV without it looking like a 3rd grader made it. It has the typical Hollywood story line, but none of it works.  After this movie, I will never watch another one of those lame "movie" that can't be shown without a computer. The only thing that worked was a lot about the love affair between the two people that the film tries to put together. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen plenty of terrible movies. Some of them were just too bad to be believable. This movie was by far the worst. The actors were horrible, the writing was horrible, and the plot was utterly incomprehensible.  The story of the movie was about a boy and his friend who are kidnapped by a cult and are forced to play a game called "Lives of the Dead".  It was an awful film. The acting was terrible. The writing was terrible and it never got better. This is an awful movie.  I would advise anyone who has even the slightest interest in horror movies to stay away from this film. It's like watching the movie: "Bloodsucking zombies". If you do decide to see this film, please don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry to say this is the third time I've seen this movie in less than two years. It's time to get rid of this film. It has absolutely no plot, is over-long, and has absolutely nothing to do with what you've been watching on TV. This is a bad imitation of an action film, but even worse, it has no point. It is a complete waste of your time.  If you can look past the terrible special effects and the terrible music, you will have a great time. I'm just going to say that this film is so utterly unoriginal that I really don't know how it ended up on TV, although I can't think of a good reason.   I've been warned by people who saw this film that it's got to be cut down to a more manageable length. Well, it's now 1 hour and 30 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I can come up with for this film is that I can't watch a bad film on the cheap.  There's no acting, no directing, and no writing for that matter. Just random bits of music and bad acting. And the sound design is terrible. The whole movie looks like it was made by a kid in a basement.  The whole thing is just a mess. There's barely any action and barely any story. Just scenes of people running from the cops. And there's no humor either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when I was a kid and I thought it was just another bad comedy from the same genre of films that were so bad they ended up being made into films themselves.  Unfortunately this film is so full of stupid jokes and bad acting that it's not funny. Even though the movie is about a guy trying to get a girl to sleep with him, I'm not really sure why this movie exists.  The movie seems to be based on a very bad novel called "The First Love". The movie starts with a girl who is in love with a guy who likes to wear glasses and has a bad temper. However when the girl tells her friends about the guy she likes, they make fun of him because they think he is stupid. However they get it wrong and the guy turns out to be really smart. However the movie gets worse when the guy gets to know more about the girl. He starts making fun of her in every possible way. The movie gets even worse when he starts getting into the girl's pants.  After a while the movie stops making fun. The girl is actually annoyed by the guy. But it gets worse still when she meets the girl who thinks she is just as stupid as the guy is.  When the girl decides to run away from the guy because she thinks he's not stupid, she meets another guy who has a very similar personality. The two guys get it on and the movie ends.   I found this movie very annoying because I thought I had seen the best movies of the 1980's. I would like to think that there was no script writer involved in this movie.  In addition I would have been able to enjoy the movie better if the movie had ended with the girl running away. This movie is just so stupid that it makes me want to throw it out of my house.  I would suggest to avoid this movie if you want to laugh at a movie. This is not one of the greatest movies of all time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a world where people are being killed by zombies or giant bugs...and that's the best way to explain the whole story, people are dying every day and some are dying in ways that are not necessarily accidental. It's not just about how the people are killed. This movie was just a bunch of plot holes. This is the worst horror movie I have ever seen. There are no stakes, no mystery to unravel. The ending is a bit ambiguous and the way that the characters are killed is...terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not as good as the "The Day the Earth Stood Still" and "Escape from New York". I saw this on TV, and was hoping to see this again.  There was no dialog in the movie, and the plot was not all that interesting. I was just waiting for the ending.  The only reason I watched it is because it was the only movie that featured "B-Movie", so I figured I would see it again. But I guess I was wrong. I'm not going to waste my time on this movie. I'll just stick to the "Ender's Game" movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film as a teen when it came out, and I am writing a negative critique. I just can't get through it any more, it's so awful and boring. There is no tension, nothing happening, and there's no point to it whatsoever. If you're looking for something that will have you laughing hysterically or otherwise, go for it, but be sure to know that it won't end well for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really stupid. It was the only movie I saw this year that I was not thoroughly annoyed. It is not funny, it's not a thriller, and it's only mildly amusing to watch a man being killed by an enraged, angry, man-eating animal. It's so shallow and boring. I'm guessing that the director was not as experienced as the rest of the crew. It should have been done in a different genre. The film is actually so stupid that I laughed when I saw it in theaters.  The other two movies were better, though. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an action movie about an all out race against time and space, where a group of people who are trying to escape from their respective times are killed by the evil, evil time travelers who have come to stop them. And it's pretty lame and boring, although it gets better when the characters start to age and start dying. The movie is full of bad acting and awful music. It's really one of the worst movies I've ever seen. There are a few things I can say are good though. First, they really do seem to like their time traveling thing, which is kind of cool. And they are all really attractive to one another (I'm looking at you, Johnnie Walker). Second, they were all really cool. The whole thing is about a group trying to get away from their own time, so they kill each other off and they live their own lives in the time stream. It isn't really a good idea to take a group that is so boring and boring and put them into a time travel movie.  But the movie was bad. It wasn't even remotely fun to watch and the only thing that kept me watching it was that the characters were really cool to look at. They were really, really boring to look upon. The characters weren't even believable or believable at all, which I found very interesting.  And, to make matters worse, the ending was so awful, I had to take out my laptop and change the settings to see what was happening. It was so poorly done that I actually turned off the video recorder and went outside to look up the end of the movie and watch the credits again. It made me angry. I thought it was the worst movie ever made.   I give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely worthless. The only thing redeeming it for me was that it was directed by the same person who made "The Dead" (1980) which was an okay movie but I think that this movie would have been even worse if it was made by someone else.  The only redeeming thing about it is that it has the word "Dead" in it which is a cute way to get attention. But that's it. If you are looking for a film that is going to be rated on a rating scale of 10/10, this movie is not the film for you. It's a waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a joke, and is in no way entertaining. If the plot is any indication of how the filmmakers wanted the movie to be, it is a sad waste of time and money. This is a comedy with no real plot whatsoever. The whole thing is made up of lame jokes that are too over-the-top to make the story interesting. It is a total waste of your time and energy. The plot is completely unbelievable, and the actors are not the best in their respective roles. I think the best thing about this film is the fact that the director is a complete dick. This movie should have been called "The Director is a dick". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only saving grace in this film is the few nice moments of humor. But that's all it is. There's no sense of fun, no sense to the story, no plot to speak of. I guess this was made by people who thought that the "no budget" tag meant that they were going to make it look like a low budget production. It's actually a low-budget production. There are some beautiful sets, but they're nothing like what was shown in the trailer. The acting is awful and there are several instances where the actor just couldn't get the right timing with the camera.  So, basically, a low quality movie made cheaply for low pay.  If you're a fan of "The Walking Dead," and you want to see a zombie movie, you're better off seeing it on DVD or Blu-ray. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty sad review to say, but there are some good things about it. I'm not sure why it's so bad, but I like that the story is very vague and that there is very little focus on the movie. However, it is not good at making a point. I would have preferred to see more action and less talking, but it's not too bad. I'd recommend that you watch it if you're not a fan of the genre or if you have an appetite for the most ridiculous things possible. If you are a fan, I'd just skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really like this movie, it's just that I have never been so disappointed in a film before. It just wasn't that good. The acting was weak and the story was so poorly told that it really makes you wonder if anyone bothered to read it, much less understood it. It's one of the most boring movies I've ever seen. It looks like an action film made for an MTV VMA instead of a decent, honest film. I can't even make out what's happening at times! It's the worst kind of movies, where you just can't take it seriously and the characters just aren't believable. I thought the plot was too complicated, and the ending wasn't really good.  And I'm not sure what the point was. Maybe it was supposed to be an homage to the old Monty Python films, but the actors were terrible.  I guess the director was just trying to make an "insane" movie, but it just didn't work. It really just sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a big surprise that most people didn't get the message of the film. It was made in an attempt to make a big profit out of a very small budget. The story is extremely unoriginal and there are many holes in it. There are some interesting ideas here and there, but they are all the same as they were in the last movie I saw. This is a case where people who have already seen this movie and liked it would rather see it again in the box set rather than just watching it on DVD. The picture looks bad and the sound quality is poor, and the editing is terrible. There is no point in wasting a movie on a DVD because it is not worth it. The only good thing about this movie is the music. There's nothing to make it worth watching on DVD, except perhaps the last song. If you want to see a movie where everyone gets to look at every other person's underwear, look for it on the big screen, because it will be worth seeing in a big way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had hoped to like this film but it was just not for me. I'm a big fan of the late James Cagney and I saw him at the end of "A Streetcar Named Desire" and thought that this film would be a perfect tribute to his work. The script seemed fine and the acting was alright, but it just didn't work for me as an action movie.  It's just not a good movie at all. There's nothing to make it enjoyable or interesting. The plot, the character development, and the setting are all boring. I guess the director and co-writer were trying to make a gritty, action-packed, noir film, but the story didn't really make much sense and I found it boring to watch. The cast was not very good either, with the exception of a few actors who played a good part. The acting was mostly bad. The cinematography was also bad.  All in all, I think this film should not have been made. There are better action films out there. This was just a very, very bad attempt at making a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only movie I've seen in which I couldn't give it three stars. I don't know how they made this movie with such terrible acting and such poor plot. This was made without any money and a low budget. This film has no plot and is completely devoid of any character development whatsoever. The plot is a complete waste of time. The only thing I can say for it is that it is entertaining but that is it. The acting was awful and I could not care less about the script or the plot.  The acting and the script was so awful that I'm just glad I was not there when it was made.  This movie should never have been made. The first thing I said to the guy who made this was "I hope the movie gets made and the people who made it get fired."  This was a waste of money, time and energy and I'm glad I didn't have to see it.  I hope someone gets fired for this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so uninspiring, so unbelievable and so stupid that it was unbelievable and stupid that even the writers themselves couldn't keep it straight. In my opinion the story should have been about the events leading up to the death of a girl. I know that the movie makers did not care about the truth of the situation, but it still makes it very hard to believe that they actually thought that this movie would be an enjoyable watch. I just don't understand how they made the story of the movie and why they did it.  I don't know what they were thinking in making the movie, but I think it was all too easy to just have a few random scenes added. I think the movie was made to make a point, but that point is so bad that I can't believe it was made at all.  It's a shame to see how the movie went to waste. It's so bad and it just shows how awful the movie-making is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie ever. Not only is it the worst horror movie I have ever seen, it is also the worst film that I have seen in my entire life. The acting is awful, the story is awful and the direction is terrible. If I had to describe the movie it would be a short but not so enjoyable 30 minutes of watching people try to be scary. This is one of the worst movies I have EVER seen. The only reason I watched it was because I was in the wrong movie theatre and I needed something that I could do something about.  I have heard the movie was going to be released on DVD, but as of today it still hasn't been released on the DVD. I would hope that if it was going for a DVD release, they would have done a better job. I know this movie is not a horror movie, but it is still a terrible movie.  The DVD release has a nice bonus feature that was included in the Blu-ray. The bonus feature is just another piece of trash and I don't think it's even worth the download to download. I was just hoping to find out what the special features were, and I'm pretty sure that I did. The special features are a list of some of the actors who were in this movie. The last thing I would expect a movie to do is show you the actors that were in it. The reason this movie was made was because they thought that there was no one in the world who would like a movie that wasn't scary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has a very slow and repetitive story. There are many scenes where the camera does not seem to be able to capture anything, such as the car door opening or the camera panning around to show different locations (the school, the hospital, etc). The soundtrack is unimpressive and the sound of the movie is very annoying. I was expecting a comedy but ended up watching it as an over-the-top, not-so-humorous horror flick. I give this movie an overall rating of 4/10, I give it an average rating of 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had a script and acting that could have been lifted straight from any of the movies that this movie was based on. I found myself looking forward to seeing the final credits for each episode because I couldn't help it. They seemed to be taking the idea that there are five movies and that the movie is the last one. The movie was about a man who kills himself and then becomes the next-day and starts killing people. There was no way it could have worked and it wasn't even funny. The acting was terrible. The ending seemed like a "I can't believe they're still making this" ending. I thought the movie was way too predictable to be funny. I don't think they should have made it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was absolutely terrible. I didn't think I was capable of rating it as a 10 on the movie rating scale. And I really thought I was able to.  A few scenes I found interesting (and funny) but that was it. Nothing in the movie made me feel like the movie was anything other than a pile of crap. It's just plain awful. And the actors (especially the two actors playing the two protagonists) are so annoying and overacting that they are unbelievable.  The plot was stupid. Why would anyone think this movie was going to be as good as the TV show? This movie is just plain boring. The characters are so predictable and stupid that they're almost impossible to care about. It was a waste of time, and I would not recommend it to anyone unless they were willing to take it very seriously.  This isn't even a 1/10 on the TV series rating scale, but it should be. It is the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a huge disappointment.  The movie has absolutely no real plot. The characters are completely uninteresting and have no personalities to them at all. They all seem to have the same boring traits. This is the only way to describe this movie. It has absolutely nothing to say.   I don't know why people are willing to pay for this crap. It looks so unbelievable that I can't believe anyone would pay for it. It's just so awful that it's actually unbelievable.  I was hoping to see an honest movie about a family, and instead I got this. The only thing I can say for it is that I'm not a huge fan of the film industry in general. It seems that the only thing people want to see is crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an attempt to make a movie for a TV series. I have to say that I don't understand the purpose of the movie. It's like a show without plot, without a proper script.  There are only one or two scenes worth talking about. And the rest is boring.  And what the hell is this show about? Why does it have an "anti-gun" rating? I can't see why.  What a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not even a good movie.  The story was about a little boy who was in a wheelchair. In his dreams he sees that his parents were killed in a plane crash and they died at sea. He dreams that he killed them and he has to make a way to stop this evil evil spirit from killing them. So he gets into a giant boat, and he is able to destroy it. But the evil spirit is able too kill the boat because it is so big.   So what happened next? Well, they are in the ocean where there are tons of evil creatures. They are trying to stop the boat, but they are unable to do so. The movie just kept playing out like that. I saw the movie twice and the first time I saw it I had to turn it off.  I didn't like the movie and I didn'T think it was that bad, but it was so bad.  That's why I rate this movie at 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so poorly made, it's just a mess. Every scene is over the top, and none of them make any sense whatsoever. The acting is not even good. I don't know why they made this movie and didn't put in some decent editing. Maybe it was to appeal to the teen audience. That was my main reason.  I don'T understand how they made it to the end. It just drags on and on.  The story seems to end at an early stage of the movie and it just drifts to the next scene.   Overall, a horrible movie. I would not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big fan of the original series, and even though this movie was released in 2011, it is absolutely terrible. The acting, direction, cinematography and writing all make it seem like the movie was made by someone who has absolutely no talent. It is also pretty much impossible to understand what is happening on the screen.  My rating for this is one out of ten. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film as a fan of the movie "American Horror Story". But, I just don't know if it is. I've seen some movies that are better than this, but, this one really sucks.  I've already been put off by the fact that the movie is called "Trucker". Trucker is one of the worst movie titles ever. Trucker sucks, because it sounds like something you would do, like go to work and leave work to the guy who works there. This movie is like that, except that the guy you'd be working for is the one that's in the movie and not the other guy in the film.  It's just a waste of time. It has a very bad story and terrible acting, and it's just so poorly directed. I don't think anyone was even in the car, and the whole thing just felt so unnecessary. I give it a 3.   I would have given it 2.5, but I just can't bring myself to rate it at 2. This is a movie that you probably won't enjoy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie just has nothing to it, other than the fact that it stars "Laurie" as the wife of a serial killer, and that there is some creepy stuff in the movie. This is actually the first thing I saw in the new "Buffy" series, so I was not surprised at how awful it was. The rest of the cast, though, was OK, so that's good. The director, James McAvoy, was a bit overacting, and I think that he could have used a little more time editing the film. I just couldn't get into it.  The story is quite predictable, though. I mean, how could it not be predictable if it's the first time they've ever been shown the murders?   This film would have been better if it was not the first installment in a series, and if it were not directed by James Mcavoy.  I'm not sure if the rest of them are going to be any better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like James Bond and all that, but this was an abomination.  The premise is interesting, but the plot is a joke. And the acting was bad. The best actor was an unknown who was supposed to be "the star" and who did nothing but act.  This was like The Love Guru and The Last Emperor. The story is so far out of character for the Bond films that it makes the entire franchise irrelevant.  For the love of James Bond, why didn't they make a Bond film where the plot was based on a Bond book? I mean, that would have been so much more exciting.   The movie is an embarrassment to the Bond franchise. I think it should be taken off the shelves. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the most boring movie I have ever seen. It has absolutely no plot. It is a collection of scenes that all have a very limited plot.  It has no story lines. No character development. No real character development at all. It's a story that was so boring I actually forgot what happened to it, and then the credits rolled. The only character who is worth watching is the main antagonist, who looks like a giant man with a bat on his face.  The other characters are just so-so, and the movie never even got a positive review. The story line is completely disconnected from the rest of the movie.  And it would have been really funny if the movie had actually had any plot at all, because it's so devoid of any sort of character development that it's hard to imagine what the movie was trying to accomplish. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I saw this movie in a 7/10 movie theatre and had to sit in the back of the theatre. The movie had a poor script, the acting was bad, the plot was weak, and the acting sucked. It is a shame to see a movie like this when it's supposed to be a low budget horror movie. We've seen some good horror movies out of Australia. However, this one is so bad that you would have to sit through it on DVD just to see how horrible it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so boring. I don't even know how they made it. The whole movie is just a bunch of shots and a very, very long "ending". I know that I'm giving it 2 stars because I know the ending. I just didn't realize it was so obvious. I really thought it was a decent movie. The plot is completely pointless, and it never got me to care for anyone or anything. The movie had the usual "weird music" that was not really weird at all, but just sounded very out of place. There was no sense of a story, and no sense in which the story was being told. I gave it a 1 out of 10 because it was completely unnecessary and so boring I could have made it worth 1 or 10. I can't imagine a movie that has more than 10 stars that will actually be entertaining. I'm sure I'll regret this movie, and the only good thing about it was that it made me feel bad for not liking it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a fan of David Bowie's music, but this movie made me want to see the man play one more time. The plot and the story itself seemed like they were written by a teenager who wants to be a writer. But what a waste of time. All I can say is that if this movie wasn't in a bad way, then I would've liked to see it. But it was in a very bad way. This movie was just a waste and an embarrassment. Why anyone would make this movie, it's just an embarrassment to the people who made it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't say much about the movie, but I did see this movie in a small screening of a movie at a movie theater in Dallas (I was at the "Loser's League" showing at the Dallas Theater of Film) and had to see it again after having seen it the first time, so I figured I'd go ahead and write this review. The first few minutes were OK, but then it became a disaster.  The first thing that I noticed was the movie's title. I can understand how someone might get the title "Lucky One" as the title for a movie, because that movie had a good chance of winning a best picture Oscar. However, this movie had no chance of actually winning an Oscar, and neither did the movie "The Little Prince", nor did it make an impression on me that it would.  Second is the movie itself, it's not that bad, but it's a total waste of time. The plot is not much of a plot, the acting is not very good (I'd rather have an acting challenge in my own home than this film), and the script is not good. In fact, I just did a search on IMDb to see what this film was about, and I couldn't find anything about it at all.  This movie is not funny, and it's one of the worst movies I've seen. The movie should have never been made, and in fact it was a complete waste of everyone's time.  If you want to see a movie that doesn't deserve an Oscar nomination, try "The Man Who Knew Infinity". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a movie from the movie I just watched, "American Ninja: The Way of the Samurai". This movie does not even pretend to be a movie, but it really is not even a movie in the least. It is nothing more than a complete waste of your time and you should probably not watch it. The characters are poorly written and the acting is awful. The special effects are terrible, and even the background art looks like it was done on a computer. There is no reason to waste your time watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an example of the same sort of movies made in the 80's that you had to pay money to see. You get the main cast, some really annoying lines and some really cheesy dialog. The story is really boring. The main characters are uninteresting and the plot is completely uninteresting. There is one scene that I saw where a female character talks about her boyfriend and her friend who is having sex with him. She's not interested in the boyfriend at all, she's just using him as a sex object to make money, and she just wants to see how it feels when she's getting fucked by a real man. She really needs a boyfriend to fill that void. That's not real love, she wants to be a sex slave for money, which is the only way she knows how to do it. That should have been the first line in the script. If you can't see that line in any other movie, you really need to get some serious help.  The movie is a total waste of time and money. It was made to make people feel as though they were watching a film that was made for them to watch. It just makes me wonder what they are watching this for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really awful movie. I have seen a lot of movies since I was 10. I am now 13. I can't believe a movie like this is even being made.  There is absolutely no story line, nothing really happens except for the ending. The acting is horrendous and the story line is a total waste of time. I was not amused to see the title of the movie. What a waste of money.  I found the movie to be too long and too much like an episode of "Gargoyle's Box". The acting was so bad that I was laughing for 10 minutes straight after I saw the last few minutes. I just want to warn you to avoid this movie. Don't waste your money. Don`t waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't really know how to explain this movie, but I just really hated this movie. I mean, I thought the story was interesting and all, but it didn't seem to make a lick of sense at all. You see, the story goes as follows. A man gets his hands on some sort of mysterious substance that is found on the streets. This substance turns out to be a virus that spreads throughout the entire world. This virus turns people into zombie-like creatures that go on the rampage and kill the humans. And so the man wants to keep it from spreading. He wants to control the virus and keep it under control. But the virus is uncontrollable, so it spreads everywhere and destroys everything in its path.  Well, we see how that works. A bunch of people get killed off. The virus kills everyone in the town and leaves it in the world. A group of soldiers, the "Worst Zombies" get in the way of it and try to stop it, and then get killed themselves. The movie ends with a guy, who is the worst zombie of them all, taking control of the virus that is still out there. And just because we can.  I found it to be extremely boring, and at the same time incredibly predictable. The characters were predictable and the story wasn't that interesting. I just didn't like the idea of it at all, and the fact that it came so far off of a really interesting premise, I just hated it.  As for the acting, it was okay, but not great. I would have expected the actors to be really good at the character. I didn't see any of them coming up with any great moments or moments of real character development.  And, lastly, I found the music to be pretty uninteresting, but again, the movie seemed to try and do a lot of different things and didn't really connect all that well. I don' really understand why they didn't just do a bunch of different tracks and just stick with the same ones. The acting was okay and I really liked the song selection. I'm not a fan of this movie at all and the only reason why I give it 4 out of 10 is that it's not terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I just couldn't watch it. I think it was made by an idiot who's only idea was to make a lame and lame attempt to get a "real movie". I think this movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  The acting was so bad that I would have just ignored it and moved on to something else. The acting, editing, direction, and everything else in the movie was so incredibly stupid that it was unbelievable. I mean, even I could tell that it wasn't that good, but I couldn't take the time to watch it to find out how bad it was. It was so pointless and pointless that I just sat there and watched it. If you are one of those people who likes watching movies and only wants to see what they did on the screen, then I guess I'll let you watch the movie. I just don't want to waste any more time watching it.  If you want to see a good movie, then don't bother watching this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the original premise was a good one. If you like the original movie, you should be happy with the sequel. However, this movie is just a huge disappointment. I mean, I understand that this was originally intended to be a remake of the original, but why are the same characters here, but now with completely different stories? The only thing that gives this movie any semblance of being entertaining is the plot.  The main problem with this movie, besides the fact that it was made before, is that the movie had a very poor script.  Even the special effects were bad. I guess they wanted to make the movie look as good as the original (but in a more conventional style), but they still couldn't do much to make it look good. The movie has a very cheesy opening and some scenes that are just awful. And that's not even mentioning the fact the film was poorly edited. If I can give this movie a negative rating, I would do so.  Overall, I give this a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen many a horror movie from the 80's and I've never seen such a poor film as "The House on Haunted Hill" I would give it a 2 or 3 if I could.  It seems to be a mix of 80's horror and slasher movies, it does not make sense to the viewer, and the acting is not up to par with other films in the genre. I just think that it was made to look like it was scary but was not.  The acting is bad and I would recommend that you avoid this. The music is really bad and the cinematography is bad. The only redeeming point is the special effects. I think the special effect for the house was so awful that it didn't even bother me, I thought it was so bad that the special-effects people needed a break from doing special effects because it was just so bad.  I gave it a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie about a "perfect woman" that somehow turns into a sad tale about a broken family and the woman's love for her sister, this is a film that's just about the worst movie I've ever seen. I've seen worse. I saw worse movies. I don't care if you've seen this movie before, or not. If you've ever been to a bad house, you will know what I mean.  And that is why I was so disappointed in this film. The first thing you see is an empty chair, and then another empty chair. This film could've been really, really good, but I think it ended up like a big disappointment because it was just so, so boring. This is the sort of movie where you just want to kill yourself. And there was not a single person in the whole movie who could have made the movie better. And even if you are a film buff like me, you're going to want to just turn off the movie when it's over. The acting is so, well, awful that it's almost a disappointment. I mean, you can watch some terrible movies, but the worst one I've yet seen was actually OK.  This is an incredibly bad movie. It's not just that it has nothing going for it, but that it doesn't even have anything that makes it worth watching. It is, however, worth seeing because it's about a very bad movie (which is kind of an oxymoron to be a movie about something so bad). It's really sad that this film exists because it isn't anything like any other horror movies I've watched in the last few years. It isn't really a horror movie, it's just a very, very, sad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why anyone would waste their time watching this, unless you really believe that "the world is flat" or "the sun is a giant eyeball".  The idea that this is a comedy is laughable. It is a low budget "one man band" who plays a bunch of random, nonsensical songs and that is what this movie is supposed to be. The director tries to make the movie funny by putting a bunch people in the same room and having them all laugh at the same jokes and have the same reactions, but the result is a joke that has no redeeming quality and a director who is incapable of making a joke.  The only positive thing I can say is that they made a few of the actors talk and act more than usual. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After a few weeks of sitting in the theater, I was left with a very sour taste in my mouth. The plot was so dull and devoid of any kind of dramatic irony that I had to go to the movies to find out what the hell was going on. The actors were so wooden and predictable that I couldn't get to know them at all. There were some nice, subtle touches sprinkled throughout the picture, but they were so far from the focus of the picture that they made it impossible to really appreciate them. And the whole thing looked like a rushed production with a desperate attempt to save money.  If I could give this movie an A+, I would, but the picture is so far gone that even a A would have been a good grade. The special effects were not good, and the actors didn't really make the characters seem believable. The characters didn't seem to understand the situation they were in, and when they did, they didn't act it out in a believable way. This is a very weak effort at the B-movie genre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a great plot at the beginning of the movie, but that was ruined by the fact that the entire cast acted so badly. The plot was completely pointless and made no sense whatsoever. There were so many inconsistencies and odd plot twists that I was unable to make out any of the words or even recognize the actors. There was one scene in which the characters seemed to have some sort of connection with each other and one character (a priest) who was actually an actor. The entire movie was a total mess of inconsistency and had nothing to do with what was being shown on screen. The movie seemed to be shot with an extremely low budget and that is the reason why there was such a lack of professionalism throughout the entire movie.  If you like a movie that has a very limited budget and you like actors acting poorly then I recommend you skip this movie. Otherwise, don't waste your time and skip this film altogether. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film for the first time on DVD and was appalled. I did not understand what the plot was about at all and it was extremely slow, pointless and not in keeping with the overall tone of the film. The actors were a bit too predictable, and the acting was so bad it was embarrassing. This film was just plain bad.   It was so obvious to me that the director was trying to make the film seem as realistic as possible, even though he knew how to make a horror film with a much lower budget than this. The story of the movie is predictable, it is too slow and it is far too many plot elements, too many things that just don't make sense. I would have rather had a film about an average family in a small town that just happens to get killed and it being discovered that the killer was actually a man in a disguise and not the killer in the film in fact. It was a terrible film and I am not ashamed of watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, this movie was really fun. I thought that the idea was cool and interesting, but then it became boring. I kept thinking of something new to do with this movie. The plot was stupid, the acting was laughable, and the plot was not interesting enough to keep watching. But I guess that the reason was because I was too busy watching other movies with no plot. In fact, there were some interesting twists and turns in the movie, but the movie lost its way. I wish that the producers had not wasted their time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film that will probably get lost in time due to the lack of any real sense of what it is trying to say. There is no real story line to speak of and most of the actors are either completely flat or not even trying to make an impression. The only time the film is worth watching is if you have no interest in seeing it.  If you want to see a low budget action flick, I would suggest going for the cheapies. If you have the money to spend on it though, I wouldn't waste it. I wouldn`t waste it, because you know what a horrible film this is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a complete waste of time and I just cannot understand why anyone thought that it was funny. This movie made me want to quit my job and just leave my office after watching it. The plot was so weak and unnecessary and so boring, it made no sense. I was watching this movie on the toilet and it was so unbearable I couldn't even make a joke about it, I was so annoyed I just gave up and left the house. It wasn't even funny in the beginning but then it got worse and worse. There were just too many plot holes and too many pointless jokes. And then the acting got really bad. I felt like the whole movie was just made up to get the ratings, it wasn't funny.   So I'm glad I watched it and I hope it doesn't get made again because the ratings are pretty low. I don't know how this was made and if it is going to be made again. I hope they will take out the jokes and make it into a "wish" film and give the plot to a movie with a story to tell. The worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "A Night at the Opera" was the most obvious example of a bad film I've seen in a long time. The story of a young couple going to an opera is about as predictable as an episode of "The Twilight Zone." The characters all behave as if they're having an episode at the opera. The actors are terrible, the camera is shaky, the story is boring, and the acting is absolutely awful.  I didn't know the actors, I just saw them on the screen and assumed they were competent enough to handle a mediocre film. I did not enjoy it at all, but that's what it cost me to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. A bad movie for all the wrong reasons. The only reason it isn't a 4 is because I like to see the best and worst of the films.  If you are looking for an original story, then I would suggest you go to the great John C. Reilly's "Man on Fire". The plot is very original, it is one of the most original movies ever made, and the story is better than this film. I just wish this film was made with a bigger budget and better special effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst I've ever seen. This is a movie from the 80's that you have to pay attention to and have patience. The actors are not believable, and the story is not that good. The story revolves around a group of girls, who are obsessed with their friend and her brother. But it's not funny at all. The jokes are not funny. The dialogues are so awful that I found myself laughing so hard it hurt my eyes. If you want to laugh like crazy, just stay away from this movie.  I found it funny that the girls are the only ones who have their own private hot tub, but the movie does not show them having fun in the tub. It's not that the actors are bad, they're just bad. This movie isn't funny at a 10 and this movie at a 3.  Overall, a bad film. This has nothing to do with the 80s, so there is no reason to watch this movie, unless you're a fan of cheesy 80s horror movies. This isn't a fun watch and the actors don't have a sense of humor, so don't expect anything else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Godfather" was a huge success for the first two seasons, but after that, it was all downhill. The movie was a pile of over the top violence, sex, nudity and nudity. It was an overrated "B" movie. I think they got their idea from "Fight Club" and "The Big Lebowski" and it really didn't take them that far.  What a waste. I can't believe that they gave away all the sequels. The only thing that they did right was the "The Wild Bunch" sequel. I don't know what they had in mind with the "Godfather" sequel, they should have kept the first movie for the fans.  If they were gonna make a sequel, at least make it the best sequel ever. If it is anything like the "Fight" movie, which was just a rip off, at best it would be OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so far from good, it's embarrassing to even mention it, especially when I was supposed to like the movie. I would have preferred something more along the lines of the other two films I have mentioned, but it does manage to bring the viewer to tears in a couple of moments. I was really hoping for something more realistic, something with a more "real" setting, but unfortunately, I got nothing. The camera moves too slow, the story is very predictable, and the special effects are really poor. I know what I was expecting, but the end result was just too much for me to tolerate. This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  I guess the filmmakers thought that if they gave the movie to me and gave me a chance to see how they did, I would give them more respect. Unfortunately, I wasn't so lucky. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about this film is the fact that it's very low budget, which allows us to see how much the actors are paid. I'm not kidding, some of the actors make less than the minimum wage for a movie. The movie was so bad that I actually laughed.  The whole thing was so low budget that it actually made it more enjoyable to see the actors talking. It was just so ridiculous that I laughed about it, but didn't really care.  If you want to see a low budget film, watch the last movie of the original Star Wars trilogy, but cut the budget. That would be a better film. The original Star wars is one of the best sci-fi movies ever made. This is just awful. I'll never watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought I was going to like this film, but it turned out to be a complete waste of time. It's basically a bunch of people sitting around a table playing chess and the director has absolutely no idea how to make the film.  The idea behind the movie was interesting and the movie seemed like it could be a fun watch. But the way it was edited made it difficult to tell who was in what position and what was happening. Some of the actors looked like they were in real pain and the rest of the cast looked like there were a few minutes left before the scene started. It was completely ridiculous and I was annoyed with the way the director kept bringing up chess. In the end it didn't even matter and the film was a total waste of your time. I give it a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was really bad, the acting was terrible, the script was so unbelievable that the story didn't even make sense. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I cannot believe it was made by someone that I am sure knows absolutely nothing about movies. It had all the ingredients for a bad remake, but instead of being awful, it turned out to be terrible. The plot and direction are so bad that they made this film look even worse than it was. The acting was so bad and the film just didn't make sense that it is so hard to figure out what the heck was going on. I mean it was really hard to watch. If you really want to see a bad film, go to this film with a friend. You will just end up in tears watching that film.  I gave it a 3 out of 10. It is so so so bad. It was made to make money. And to make people cry. I think that is the most sick reason to make a bad, awful film. If this was a good film, I would give it a 1 out of 5. If that was the case, the director would be fired. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a complete waste of time.  The acting was weak and the story was predictable. It was just an excuse to do the thing.  I give it 1 out of 10. I guess I should give it a 1.5 out of 5, but really, I give this a 1 out 10. The only reason why I give the movie a 1 is because the trailer is so good, it could get a 10 out of 9. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no plot. No plot. I think that's what the producers were hoping for. But there are some interesting moments of the movie. However, when you have a character with a strange obsession, that's not a good idea. I thought it was a little funny that the guy was always trying to take over the town.  I'm sure you can guess what the plot is going to be. There are some funny moments in the movie, but when you see it, it just becomes unbearable.  This was a waste of time for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few weeks ago I watched a bad documentary on "Sausage Party" on YouTube. The first two episodes were about "The Big Dummy", and were about a real-life, and not an actor, and it was terrible. But the third episode was about "Sauerkraut", and was about a fictional character from the movie, who happens to be a cannibal.   The third episode is the one where you think that the actor is supposed to be doing the voice, and that he's a cannibal who is trying to survive. But there's absolutely no way he's doing it right. The voice is terrible, it's so bad that I've seen a couple of the actors' voices on the video, and they are worse than the voice I saw. And it's not a character in the movie--it's a character that appears in the trailer for the movie. So this isn't about a movie, it isn't a movie at all, it is just a bad, poorly made documentary.  I hope that someone with the original cast can come forward and make the film better. I don't think that "Sasage Party 2" will be made--I think that it's just a waste of money--I just hope that people realize that it is not a movie and that there's no reason to spend money to watch it, even if you want to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read that there were 10,000 negative comments on this movie, which is a little scary for me, I guess. But I think it shows the general sentiment. I mean, if people weren't going to see this movie and not waste their time on it, then what was the point of this movie? It's not even a movie, it's just a glorified advertisement for a bad film.  What do you mean by the title? "The Man Who Fell Through The Roof"? Just watch the movie and see if you think it's a bad flick.  I guess they were trying to get a few more people to see it. I can see why, because it's actually pretty decent and the characters are OK. But it just seems like a waste of everyone's time. It's bad enough to be avoided if you're looking for a horror flick. But even if you don't see it, you'll still have to wait for it to be shown again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a huge disappointment for anyone who has a genuine interest in the subject matter. This movie attempts to create an entertaining and thought provoking film about a group of people who spend their days in a fantasy world that they believe will allow them to live forever. In this world, they can kill anyone they want to kill and have no qualms about doing so, as long as they are doing so in the name of God. However, the group is caught in a series of accidents that lead them to realize that there is a world outside of this fantasy. The group members attempt to escape from the world of their imaginations, but their adventures are far from pleasant. The story is predictable, predictable and predictable. The movie is so poor that it is almost impossible to take the time to watch it, let alone discuss it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was at a bar the other night and was told that I had to see this movie.  I had never heard of it before and didn't know anyone who was a fan of it. I figured I'd go for it, because I've seen all the other films they made, so I'd just see what I was missing out on. But I saw nothing but awful. It's one of those movies where the cast and crew are either completely unprofessional or completely incapable of acting, and the plot is so ridiculous it's laughable.  It has no plot, no story, no humor, and almost no heart. It just seems like a poorly made attempt to make a short, short film. I didn't even like it when I first saw it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very skeptical about this movie until I actually watched it. After I saw it, I couldn't get it out of my head. I thought the characters were completely unbelievable, and the direction was incredibly predictable. I mean, just look at the characters; it is almost impossible to believe that any one of them could have the guts to do anything.   If I was given the choice between this and the one and only one other movie in the "Bubble" series, I would choose the one that was at least a decent thriller. However, I'm glad I didn't watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie takes place in the 1980s, which means you have to assume that it will be about a man and a dog, and the man will be a violent, uncaring, narcissistic man who doesn't care about the dog. If you have any doubt about that, I'd suggest that you watch the movie, or watch it on TV. There's absolutely no reason to watch it when you can get the original film (the DVD) and watch it for free on the internet.  The film is full of awkward dialog, poorly written and acted scenes, and a bizarre and over the top plot line.  I don't care if the plot line is over the edge. That doesn't mean that it is bad. I just think that if you are going to watch the film, at least have some idea of what the movie is about. In my view, it's not worth the time. I've already told you what the original movie was about, and you don't have to watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wish I could give it negative ratings but I don't feel I can. I think it's one of the worst films I've seen this year, it was horrible! I've watched some of the movies that made the list but I'm not sure how they made it. This movie is so bad, it's so boring and I can't even remember the last time I laughed. I'm going to go ahead and call it the worst film I've ever seen. I really hope they don't release it on DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is quite predictable, the characters all seem to be bored and the acting is quite wooden. It's not much better than a bad James Bond movie, except for the fact that the plot has been so predictable that it has actually made Bond films a bit predictable.  This movie is so bad that the director didn't even bother to disguise his character, the guy who played him (Sandra Ranshaw) seems to be about 30-years old. And when I mention his name in the comments section I'm reminded of a line he used in the film where he says, "I'm going to get to the bad part of the movie." I have never seen Sandra Ranshaws acting before, and I can't imagine anyone who has. If she were a real person she would have done a better job. The character should have been cast as an old man.  I'm not even a fan of the show, but I think I might have to watch this movie because I've seen the show in quite a few of its formative stages. This movie doesn't even deserve to be called a Bond movie. It isn't a Bond film at all. It just seems like it could have been an episode of a television show that was supposed to be the equivalent of a James Bond film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've seen the film or read the script, I can't say I blame you. It is a terribly slow and unevenly acted and directed film with a script that doesn't even make sense. The acting is awful, the acting director was hired by a company that has no ties to the film (as in, they don't even exist), and the script was written by a guy who doesn't know what he's writing. This film has a very obvious and stupid premise, but that's not even its biggest problem. The director and the acting cast had absolutely no idea what they were doing. If you want a good, fast, and cheap film with some good acting and a little plot, skip this one. But if you want to spend your money on this movie, skip it and go for a better film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main reason I rated this movie as being "worth seeing" was the fact that it was made for a television special, but I can't say that when the main characters are so clearly stupid, the audience is going to be able to take them seriously. They're both acting classes in the making, not the highest. They don't have any of the charm of the characters in the original movie.  The original movie has some nice moments, such as the characters having sex and getting into a fight with each other. The special version, on the other hand, is more of a waste of time.  I just wish the original was released with the same production values and production value as the special, as the original has a whole lot more character development and humor than this.  This movie is a waste and it's a shame to see it getting released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're expecting a classic "Star Wars" film then you will be disappointed.  There are not one, two or three good jokes here. Most are pretty lame, and none of them have any redeeming value. The story has been done to death by now. It's just an awful film. It just doesn't work as a movie, it's just a waste of time.  The acting is poor. The character of Han Solo has the most unbelievable voice ever. He's got to be a robot at least half the time!  The CGI effects are laughable. The effects at the beginning are spectacular, and then they fade out and there's nothing there except for the camera panning across the screen.  I just can't get my mind around this film. I mean, it just makes no sense at all. The plot is so stupid and ridiculous. It could have been a fun B movie if they had done something more original. I really think it's not a film worth watching, it really is a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that would have been better if it had been made in a different genre, perhaps a comedy. But, in this genre, it is just awful, and it's hard to imagine that the director was even remotely trying to make a movie with any artistic merit. The acting is, again, about 10% better than the actors in movies like "The Little Mermaid" or "Frozen".  The only redeeming factor in this movie is the music by Hans Zimmer, and the fact that the sound effects were actually OK.  If you want to see a film that contains no artistic merit, go watch the "Pleasure" or the "Fantastic Voyage", two movies made by other directors who were actually trying to do something interesting with the medium. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst movies I've seen in the last 10 years. It's not funny at all, it's not even entertaining and it doesn't even have any plot whatsoever. The movie just tries to have some plot, but doesn't have any idea how to actually pull it off.  The only thing that I can give this movie is 1 star out of 10. It should be 10 out of 100. I give this 2 out of 5 because the first time I saw it, I actually laughed at it. This movie should have been better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not even a decent attempt at an animated film. It is a very slow, boring, and unfunny affair with no real heart. The plot, as I said, is absolutely unbelievable. The animation is quite good, but it's not enough.  This movie was directed by a person who did nothing to make a quality animated movie. He's been making low-budget films for years and years, and the animation is only getting worse. The story is predictable, but not as predictable as the plot in the first episode. I can't believe they made this movie, and I hate the fact that I have to see this awful movie just to find out if the cartoon is still around. The only reason this movie is so awful is because it was made in an amateur studio. If you want a quality, competent animated film, watch this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqw5G-2v0kc
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so poorly made that it's not even funny. It's a terrible attempt at a comedy.  It looks like a rushed version of "The Naked Gun," with a few jokes thrown in.  And this isn't even the worst of the film. The best parts are the ones that come from the character's faces. And that's the only part of the movie that I actually enjoyed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is actually a horror movie with a bunch of jump scares, but the script was pretty bad and the acting was awful. The movie was so poorly written and acted that I could not watch it. There were no deaths and nothing was creepy or scary. There was a scene where the main character was holding a gun and the camera followed him and the audience, but when it zoomed out the gun was not there anymore. And I thought that the camera was zoomed in too close to the character.  I found this movie very disappointing. There is a lot of blood in this movie, but there was no gore and the blood was not very graphic. And it is not a horror flick, it was just a bunch to jump scares. It was really sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie last night on a late night movie marathon, and the only thing I enjoyed was the fact that it was so hard to make out what was happening and why it was taking so long for them to make the movie. But, I was too tired to care.  Anyway, the idea was stupid and I found the ending to be extremely offensive. The ending was the only reason I was able to see the movie at all. But the story was so bad that I felt that the entire movie was about how bad movies are made and the way they are made.  I can't imagine that anyone would actually make a movie this bad and think that it would be worth the time. I have seen worse movies in my life. The movie should be made into a joke, like most of the other movies made in this genre, and I'm guessing that they would just make a "horrible" film about it instead.  The only saving grace is that they made a great car commercial, but that's not a movie to waste your time on.   I rate this film a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was about a kid's father who gets into a fight with a drug dealer, who has a lot of guns and is a really bad shot. They have a big fight and he pulls out a gun and kills him, then kills his girlfriend, and then kills the kid's mother in cold blood. The kid's dad then goes on to kill everyone and everyone who ever died. This film is so bad, it's hard to believe anyone would make it. The plot is so shallow and unbelievable, it makes you wonder how they got the money to make it and why they even gave a crap about the kids' lives. I found the acting and direction to be laughable. The kids' father was played by a guy who looked more like a man's ex-wife than a father and the only thing that could save the film was the fact that it was a low budget film made by an unknown guy, so it was not likely to go viral. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure why this movie is so poorly received. It's just a bad B movie. You could make a really good movie out of it. There is absolutely no story. It just repeats scenes from the first movie. The story line for this movie does not even make sense.  The acting is bad. The actors don't even look like they are trying. They just act like you would expect an actor to act. They get stuck in the mud a lot. They talk in an unnatural way. There are some scenes that are just silly. Some of the plot twists are ridiculous. I'm just a bit upset by the fact that I have to sit through this awful movie. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I can't believe this was made for free.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had nothing to do with the book and everything to do it with the movie: a few characters, and some of the dialog.  In fact, the only thing in this movie that I actually liked was the part about the car. The rest was terrible. A few scenes were funny, but the rest were not.  A few other things, the characters were ridiculous, and there was no suspense. A total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title is "The Devil's Playground", but it isn't.  This movie is so devoid of plot, character development, or anything that is even remotely interesting. The actors, for the most part, are bad and the script is not worth the paper it's written on. This is the worst movie I've seen in a long time. The only reason why it is so bad is because it was filmed in black and white. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the words of the reviewer above, "Bum, bum, bum. I'd say, 'Why do you waste your time on this?'. And if you can't answer that, 'You're a man who does his job, and your boss' job is to put you on the bottom of the barrel'. And you have a lot of money. And you're a young man. Why the hell don't you enjoy it more?"  The acting is awful. The script is bad, the dialogue is awful, the direction is awful (but I'll get into that in a bit).  The characters are shallow and the humor is stupid. I thought it was worse than the B-movie I saw at the same time at the other theater in town, but I was in the minority there.  The ending is so, so, SO unsatisfactory. I was just wondering what was going to happen when the guy who was playing the cop told the girl he loved to kill herself, and then he killed himself. He didn't tell her he loved her because she was a murderer, he told her because he was afraid he'd get caught. I don't understand that. And I don a very low opinion about the girl who gets shot. That's the most revolting part of the whole film.   I could go on about how terrible the acting was, the script was terrible, the story was terrible...the whole thing. But I'll be quiet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with a girl who is raped and the perpetrator is the only witness. After the attack, the girl is found and the man tries to explain why he did it. He was alone with her and she told him she was pregnant. This is all very much the beginning of the film but the man is not convicted and the film is a waste of time.  The acting is awful and the director should have stayed out of the way. There is no motivation for the victim to be able to go on with her life or to do anything else after the attack. The plot does not develop and the plot is so incoherent that I can't tell what the story is about. This was an extremely predictable horror film that should have been avoided by anyone who can't keep up with movies and does not have any interest in a movie. It could have been an excellent film if the director had not made it so predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years ago, I reviewed the first "Bond" film, "Casino Royale". It was a good movie with a decent script and some good special effects, but the action was a little too much. That is, until the film got stuck in a bad, stupid, and unbelievable plot, and made it into a film. It was boring and over-saturated with sex and violence, which only served to reinforce the original film's weaknesses. The final third of "Casinos Royale" was so over-dramatic that it was like watching a bad B-movie. The acting was weak and poorly-matched, and the plot had no real logic.  I don't want to write this review because the film is pretty much useless to me, but I'm curious to see if the studio is still interested in making movies about the Bond franchise. This is not a bad film by any means, but it does not deserve to be released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it's a shame that a few of the people who actually liked this movie, did not like it. The story was boring, the acting was awful, the editing was bad and the effects were terrible. It just didn't work at all.  It's the worst movie I've ever seen. It looks so much better in 3D, but in 2D, it looks like a giant waste of money. I've been thinking about this movie for the last 3 months and I can't think of any other movie I'd rather have done for free than this one.  In the movie version, the hero of the movie is a total jerk. He just gets on his bike and starts riding and riding, then he gets scared and starts looking for his bike to run away.  I'm sure if the movie had been in 3.5D, there would have been a lot more blood and gore and the editing would have looked a lot better. The fact that they actually shot a few shots of the hero riding around on his bicycle in the middle of the night and then cut it to a commercial for the movie, is even more annoying. I just don't understand how they made it work. It's like they were trying to tell me they did a good job, but they just couldn't bring it together.  This movie has to be one of the worst movies I've seen. I think they should have cut out the motorcycle and the car and made a totally different movie with a completely different plot.  If they had done this, people would have thought it was a decent movie. It would have gotten a 9/10 instead of a 4/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made by some unknown American filmmaker and has a total of 10 minutes of film footage of a bad dog fight and 10 minutes that are supposed to be scenes from the movie. But there's one thing that is very obvious from the footage - the characters are all so incredibly stupid that they make you wonder why they even bothered to make this movie. I mean, who even bothered making this movie? What's with the dogs and what happened to them? There's no way that they could have made this movie without any script writers and without having to actually make the movie - there is no script, no story, nothing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Death of the Party" is an uninspired, poorly-written, and highly derivative film with absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever. This is a shame, because if you could give this a ten, it would be a very poor attempt at comedy. But even worse is that the film is so inept that it could easily have been mistaken for one of the many comedies which preceded it. The actors are so bad, it's unbelievable. And the story is so stupid, it actually has a chance to be funny. However, that's not enough to redeem this film. The story is poorly conceived and poorly directed, and the film itself is just so stupid. In fact, "The Killing Party" was so awful, it is actually a comedy in disguise.  The plot is so poor and the acting so bad that the whole film is a complete waste of your time. It's as if you took the premise and went to see the original "Death of the Moon", only to discover that it's a total mess. The only redeeming quality is the cast, who are at least trying to deliver a decent performance. The problem is that they don't do a very good job of it. It just looks so much like a bunch of teenagers playing stupid jokes.  And if you want to see a comedy, don't see this film: do not waste your time watching it, it will only make you feel worse for having wasted your time on this waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting something better from this movie, but was disappointed. I thought it might have been better if the characters were a little more fleshed out. There was no reason for anyone to be involved with the events in the movie. I don't care about these people at all, I just want to watch a movie.  So what's the point of the story if there's no meaning or direction? A movie like this, it's better if you don't know anything about what's going on.  I don;t think it's the director's fault, the movie was horrible. I'm sure it was something they had in mind, and then the movie just got ruined. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be completely devoid of any story or plot, and I don't know how to explain why. All it had to do was show two people getting married, and it wasn't a surprise, I mean it was a revelation. I mean come on, you don't get married at the end of the movie and then the story starts. This is the definition of a waste of time. This film was made for the sole purpose of showing two people having a wedding ceremony and then we get back to the movie.  The actors were awful and the acting was so bad that I couldn't believe that this was made. I thought it was supposed to be a romantic comedy, and there was absolutely no romance. They did make one slight attempt at romance with a couple of friends, but it was really nothing more than a slap in the face to the audience. If you like romantic comedies, then don't watch this.  I give it a 2/10. If there is any hope for this movie it is that it is just a trailer, and since it was made by a movie studio I would expect that it would have at least a few scenes that you can actually see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film in its entirety. I would classify this film as a disappointment. There are some good moments, but the film is completely lacking in quality. The acting is so weak that I am amazed that this film could even be considered a movie. It is just plain boring, it does not even begin to feel like a movie, it's just a complete waste of time. This film is not worth your time. It does not deserve to be on the big screen, it should have never even been made.  I am disgusted by the film, I just want to throw it out of my house and never come back to it again.  This is an insult to cinema as a whole. This is not even a movie anymore. It's just another movie with the same old boring story lines and pointless characters that have to be involved in this film. You want to see a good film? Go watch Star Wars or Blade Runner. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film last night and, although I thought it was quite good in concept and cinematography, the acting was terrible, the story was terrible and the script was not even close to what I saw.  The acting was bad, but the story is actually quite interesting. I can only give it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've seen in my life. Why? The story is predictable, there is no plot, it's just a bunch of characters walking from place to place.  The only good thing about this movie is the acting. I can't say I was shocked by the acting, I expected the same from some of the other movies I watched, and I'm not surprised at all. This is simply an embarrassment. I would have never expected the acting from a Hollywood movie, and that is what this movie was.  As for the plot, well, I'll just leave it at that. The actors all acted like a bunch drunkards, and the writing was predictable. I'd have to say this is the worst movie I've ever seen. It is so boring and uninteresting that it could be a good movie if it were made in the 70's or 80's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this film is really terrible. The actors do not seem to know how to act, and they have very low energy. The director should have just made this film as a comedy. There are several scenes where the actors do things that they should not have. This film is so slow paced and boring. I felt bored. It was very sad that this film was made. I really wanted to hate the actors. They should have stayed out of the film industry and gone to college.  I do not recommend watching this film. The film was so poorly made that I could have made it myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only movie in the whole of the 1980's that I have ever seen that is NOT a total waste of time and has no redeeming value whatsoever. I'm sorry, but I think I'm a little bit of an idiot.  I saw this movie once when I was a teenager and was only able to watch it in a small theater in the small town of Fond du Lac, WI. I was absolutely disgusted with it. I thought it was so dull, it made me sick to my stomach and I had to leave the theater to vomit. I felt like I was watching a movie made by someone who doesn't have any other idea of what a movie should be, or how a movie is supposed to be made, then I saw that it was being made by a studio called Paramount Pictures and I said, "That's not going to be good, that's going to suck!" And it sucked. There was nothing redeeming about this movie, nothing.  Oh, yes, it did have some great music. There is something about the music in this movie that just makes it a complete waste of money. In the early 80's people were buying music and CDs. Music that was made in the late 70's and early 80s is just not the same as music that was originally made in 1982 and 1984. There are some pretty great songs in this, but the majority of the songs are terrible. This movie is only about half way between a movie that you could see in a few small towns in the midwest and a movie where you would see in the most upscale of theaters in the US.  This movie was made so that it would look better on the VHS tape, and then it would sell more copies. I feel like it just seemed like they just didn't care. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen and reviewed several bad horror movies. I thought this was the worst of them. The movie is filled with too many plot holes, too many characters and too much action. I really wish they had just let the film run its course.  The only reason I gave it a 3 is because it has a great song. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen it twice. First, as a pre-show preview, in a hotel lobby on an overnight flight from Dallas, Texas to Denver, Colorado. The first time I watched it, I was so confused and angry that I nearly cried. Then, the second time, I watched the film, and was left in tears by the time I finished.  I couldn't make out the words that the actors were speaking, but the sounds were muffled. I was unable to understand what they were saying, and I did not feel any emotion.  But, this is no surprise. The script is awful. The acting is terrible. The movie looks like a low budget, low-budget horror movie.  The acting was so bad that I was convinced the actors weren't even actors, but puppets. The dialogue was terrible. This movie was so awful that I actually laughed. I laughed when the "bad actors" laughed.  Some of the actors are so bad, that I would say that the entire movie is a waste of time. There are no laughs in this movie. I'm not sure if it is the script, or the acting, but I just think that there is no humor in this film.  This is an abject disappointment.  Do yourself a favor, don't waste your time watching this movie unless you want to see it again. The actors and the movie are horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast was OK, but the script was horribly written. This film should be viewed as a low-budget, low-brow version of '80s cop shows, such as 'The Getaway,' 'Criminal Intent,' and 'The Mod Squad.' It is an attempt to create a sort of "comedy" version of a TV drama, without the same characters or stories. But it does have a couple of moments worth remembering. For example, when the cop kills the bad guy's wife, it's really not a murder. It's a suicide. It is a total farce. It also has a couple very obvious plot holes. For instance, the cop is called into the hospital room to see the dying victim, only to be turned away and told to wait for the police. Later, the movie shows the hospital waiting for the cop. And then, later on, they are finally shown being escorted to the morgue. The movie is completely unbelievable. There is no reason why the hospital is there. If the police don't know about the hospital, why the police are there? There is a complete lack of logic. I don't even know what the movie was trying to accomplish. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating is based on how awful this movie was.  First of all, the title "I'm Going Out of My Tank" is really silly. It was an excuse to show a bunch of pretty girls in skimpy outfits, and it was just plain lame. This is the kind of movie that I just watch for the sake of it being made. I would have been happier with a really good movie.  The acting was pretty pathetic, I mean really pathetic. It didn't help that the cast members were so awful. It just made the whole thing seem really stupid and pointless.  One thing I noticed was that the camera was constantly moving the camera around in the middle of the scene. I can't believe that this is a good movie if the camera stays in the same spot for more than 5 seconds. This makes it impossible to follow the action. It also makes the entire thing look really crappy.  I just want to warn people to steer clear of this. It's just a waste of time. I was only able to watch the whole movie in one sitting. It made me feel like I was watching a bunch-of-people-playing-in-the-park-in the early days of The Simpsons.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing about this movie I can't explain. Nothing at all. Not even a bit of originality. There's no way it could have been made by anyone other than the makers of a mediocre action film. The special effects are lame and it has one or two really good shots in it, but otherwise the movie is awful. The story is just...well, there's no story. The only reason I gave this a 3 is because the acting is okay and the music was okay, but nothing about it made me feel like it was a great film. If I could give it 1, I would give it a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A sequel to a bad comedy that had a few decent jokes and a great supporting performance by Alan Arnette, this movie was a total disaster. Alan Arlette and Peter O'Toole were both extremely over-acting and their characters were both boring. If they wanted to make a comedy about a crazy murderer, they could have made a much better film about a maniacal madman. They could have used some humor instead of a bunch of clichs.  The plot was so boring and so predictable, it made me feel like I was watching a documentary. In the end, this film was nothing more than an attempt to create a few minutes of entertainment. I gave it 1/10 because I had a hard time getting through the last half hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the world of fantasy and science fiction, there are certain films that deserve a 10 or even a 1/10. This film is certainly one of those. A lot of people seem to be under the impression that this film was a comedy of sorts, but it wasn't. This was a slow, confusing, boring and poorly written piece of entertainment that doesn't deserve to be released. I can't believe I wasted nearly 30 minutes of my life watching this film. It had absolutely nothing to do with the story and everything to do was with the characters and how their lives could be ruined if they don't behave in certain ways. This movie was so terrible I can hardly believe I went to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I gave it a 9 was because I had to do something with it. However, if I were to rewatch the movie, I would have given it a 1. The acting is bad, the writing is bad and the cinematography is awful.  There is no real point in this film.  In the opening scene the kids are playing in the back yard of their neighbor's house, and then one of them says something to the camera that makes you want to run away and never look back. It is just so boring.  If they made the movie longer, I'd have given a 10.  I don't want to give a negative rating to something that I really don't like. But it is so utterly awful that it just makes you wonder if the producers were actually in on it. I think I'll give it a 4 because the kids' parents were not even involved in this project, and they got to make money off of it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a girl who dies after falling off the bridge over the canal. Her friends decide to drag her to the river to retrieve her body. They are successful, but they only get to the surface of the river, the girl is still dead. The girl's friends decide they need to kill her to stop all of the rumors that she is still alive. They decide to kill all the people who know she's alive, and do so with a truck. But the girl's parents get a call saying the girl was on the river's surface. The parents rush back to the bridge, and the girl jumps off. Her death causes the bridge to fall over the side. They get in the truck and drive away. But they never make it to the bank of the canal, and they are never heard from again.  The movie is basically just a bunch of people talking to each other. The story is not particularly well written, and it doesn't make much sense. There are a couple of moments where you wonder what the characters are saying. I think this movie was made as a joke, and most of the plot is based on a few characters' lives.  If you like your movies to be "unrealistic", this movie is probably not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know who the director is, but this movie is just an absolute waste of time. The movie was so poorly made and badly paced, it made me wonder if the director was just putting in so much work to make the movie because he wanted it to be so bad.  It is very obvious that the writer had nothing to do with the movie and is just writing the movie script. The story has a couple of good lines, but the movie really isn't worth seeing.  If you are looking for a film that has a plot and direction that makes sense and is worth seeing, watch "The Big Sleep". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit" (aka "The Unnatural Horror") is a typical '90's horror flick: there's a few clues here and there, but they're all so obscure that you have to work to figure out what's going on and what's not. You might notice that there are a few zombies in the picture, but there's nothing particularly disturbing about them. They're just there, because they're a part of the script. But the movie lacks any real atmosphere and any real scares. There are some really stupid sequences in the movie. They just feel like the director was just throwing together a bunch of ideas he thought were funny. I know they're not supposed to be scary, but you can't make them entertaining, you just have to make sure they don't have anything to do with the story. I don't think it's supposed to scare people. It just looks like it could have been made in the 80's, maybe even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie and it was terrible. The movie was basically a story about a kid (played by Josh Hartnett) who finds his brother (played in the movie by Jason Statham) has been in a coma for a while and he wants to get the brain he's been in to some sort of a laboratory and test his powers on a group of kids who are about to enter a school, which is located near a lake. He gets rid of a bunch of kids and is chased by a group (played with hilariously little acting talent) who he tries to stop from going through the school. The film seemed to have very little story line, only the kids are really just running and jumping around like they're possessed by something. The cast was OK but it's not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film in its original "special" format, and it was pretty good. I remember seeing the first time it was on television, and being really impressed by it. After watching it on DVD and seeing it in the "uncut" format (not as compressed as the theatrical version) I can see why it was not as good. The dialog was a little more polished and it made the film look more like a TV soap opera. The movie's story was not very interesting, and the acting was terrible. The plot wasn't really in the direction I wanted it to go, and I don't think it really got out of hand. I can't say that I don a "don't like this kind of movie" because I actually think it's funny. It was just so, so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A great deal of effort was wasted on the premise that the story of a boy, who lives alone, can only be told by a boy's eyes.  The idea was so absurd that one has to wonder how anyone could have ever conceived it. There was not a single element in the story that was not completely wrong. The whole idea of the little boy being alone, and having to grow up without anyone to talk to, seemed farfetched at the time, but it has come true now, 10 years later. This is a very typical Hollywood story in which the hero must learn to cope with the death of his father, who was killed in the war, but instead of learning to live without him, he turns into a cold, violent, murderous killer. It is the same story in nearly every film of the same genre, except for The Longest Yard, which had the best title in the world. In all cases, the hero learns that he needs to make some money to live on. In The Long Road, the boy dies in a plane crash, which is only mentioned in passing in the movie. He never gets to see his father again, and the movie is about as entertaining as a movie about a guy who kills a couple of guys in a bar fight.  My favorite of all the films is an obvious example of the failure of this genre. It had the "cool kids" and the "hipsters" running amok in the background, but the film was completely devoid of humor, as the movie seemed to have no sense of humor. I wish that the filmmakers had been more serious about the premise of the movie and had put more effort into writing the screenplay. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most disappointing movie I have ever seen. I had a good laugh once, but after the first 20 minutes I couldn't take it anymore. The acting was awful. The story line was awful, and the acting was just so, so, horrible. The fact that the story line and acting are about a guy who's just a teenager trying to find his way in the world was just ridiculous. This is a bad idea and a terrible movie. It should be shown in a dark room with a bunch of guys in tights, but not in theaters. I'll never see this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of money was wasted on this movie and no one cares about it.   I can only say I'm disappointed to see it. There is no chemistry, no real plot or anything else you'd expect. If this were a movie made for $10,000 then I would have seen a movie that looked much better. It just seems like a waste of time. It has no plot, no action, and nothing but a bunch of actors that just didn't do anything and don't seem to have much talent.  I'm sorry to say that the actors in this movie don't have much to offer the audience and you'll be just as frustrated as they will be when the movie's over. This movie is really just a waste, but I would recommend not wasting your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My guess is that there are about 40% more out there, and I'm surprised. This movie isn't even worth a one star rating, and has some of the most blatant plot holes I've ever seen in a movie. The movie is overrated. It's like a low budget TV movie that is made with a budget that is more like 2 times the original. The characters are annoying, the script is terrible, the plot twists are ridiculous, and the actors do not seem to know what they are doing. It makes a total fool of itself. It is an hour and 20 minutes of a guy who is in a hotel room, he is watching some sort of movie, and then he gets in the bathtub and his character gets murdered.  I have never seen a movie that was so flat and pointless. The only thing I can say for it is that it makes fun of the horror genre by having some pretty gory special effects, which I think are quite cool. But overall it is just a complete failure. The acting is bad, the cinematography is not up to the standard of a typical horror movie, it is an embarrassment to the genre.  If you are a horror fan, watch this film, if not you'll end up with a headache, a migraine, and a headache and migraine. If you want to see a movie in which the characters act like a bunch of idiots, watch The Last House on the Left. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a good movie when I first saw this flick. However, it turned out to be an absolutely awful, poorly made, utterly boring and unbelievable flick. It is absolutely pointless and unnecessary. I can't believe how this flick was made. I have never seen a movie where I was so angry at the end. I've never had such a terrible time watching something I'd actually like.  I've seen worse movies in the past but this was by far the worst one I've ever seen. This is the worst, least enjoyable movie I've watched all year. I was completely disgusted at how they made the film, it's not even remotely worth watching and I'm not sure if the makers were even able to understand the script or care about the actors, but it just makes no sense at all. I'm a film lover and I can actually understand the point of view of most movies, but the first movie I saw that made me so angry was this. It's not like the actors were even good enough to act, but they made this so terribly pointless that it's unbelievable. The only thing worse than this is the fact that the movie made me feel that they were just making it so that they could get a free DVD from the makers of the film. I don't think they should make more movies that don't make people angry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie ever made by a studio. The film is full of inconsistencies and the script doesn't make sense. There are several scenes that are not in the movie at all, and in some cases there are even scenes that don't make any sense. For example, when the main character falls through the floor, there is no way the audience can imagine that it is a possible thing that happened.  The movie doesn't even make sense because of the actors. All the actors are so awful. The only way the movie could have been better would have been if they had just hired some amateur actors.  Overall, I give it an 8 out of 10. I wish that the studio had done some research before making this movie and made it at least half as good as this. I know that a lot of people would agree with me, but if you see the movie you will know why. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film in a theater in a small town in Minnesota. There were some pretty interesting scenes. The plot wasn't anything to write home about but the acting was atrocious. I think the director had a few lines and the script wasn't too bad.  I don't recommend this movie. The story is basically about a young woman who meets a young man, falls in love and the relationship ends in disaster. I have never seen such a bad attempt at a romance movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe the writer and director didn't see the humor in this movie, which was obviously intended to be some kind of tongue-in-cheek comedy.  I don't understand how the writer was able to turn this into an 8+ hour film. I would have preferred if they cut the whole movie and just had the title and made it into a play.  The acting was weak, the script was predictable and the story was incoherent. The characters had no personalities or motives other than to be the most annoying, stupid and stupid things that could be made into a movie. I'm sorry, but I can only recommend this as a comedy, not as an "entertainment".  If you want to see a film with the promise of a laugh, a bit of a chuckle, or some lighthearted fun, go ahead and check out the original "The Naked Pig", by Robert Townsend. But don't expect a film where you'll have to spend hours on your hands. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't care what anyone says about this film, as I was there. I saw the first 15 minutes, and I hated the rest of it. It seemed to be very similar to "The Naked Gun" with the same actors, but worse. I think it's just a low budget, amateurish, poorly acted film. I wish they would've just made "The Gun", not a low-budget version of it (and the script) because it could have been good.  I'm surprised they didn't get away with it because they've made "Pawns of War", which is about as close to "Gun" as you can get.  If they're going to make this movie, at least put a little effort into the script and make it as interesting as they did with "The Real Man". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, the acting is so bad. It's so unbelievable and awful. The entire thing could be summed up in one word: "Amber". If she was really that bad then it would be a movie with a good ending. The story itself is just an excuse to show Amber's boobs.  Secondly, the cinematography is so dull. It looks like an old low budget porno, and the camera moves so slow. It reminds me of some of those films from the 80s where the camera was so slow that you could only see a couple of seconds before the actors were already moving on. If you want a film with great acting then buy the DVD of "Candy Girl". But then again, if you want an entertaining movie then buy "Fucked Up".  But don't buy "Cherry Picking". The DVD was just as bad, if not worse, than this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible movie with a very low budget. You can tell it was shot on a low budget because the cinematography is so bad. It looks like it was made in a low grade video editing software.  The acting is so awful that you don't believe it was a Hollywood film. There are scenes that have no relevance whatsoever to the plot. I don't understand why they would waste such an expensive film on this. It's like the actors made the movie for the sole reason of being able to get the credits.  I don' think the writer of the movie knows anything about the movie he made, and neither do I. The movie could have been a lot better if it wasn't so obvious that the actors weren't able to do anything better than the actors who actually made the movies.  What a waste of money.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would never have thought a movie called "Horsefly" could have been this bad, but I had been hoping to see something fun with the name. In fact, I was hoping for a movie about a bunch of college students riding horses and doing strange things. Nope. It's a movie full of flatulence and fart jokes. I had to stop watching halfway through because I got so sick of it. The director must have been drunk and not bothered by the fact that the audience laughed during most of the scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this in the theatre, and had to go and see if it was just some guy who couldn't understand a movie. But when I got the DVD, I saw that it wasn't. I am so sick of the whole thing.  A really cheap way to make a movie (in my opinion). The characters weren't interesting at all. The cinematography was terrible. It wasn't even in colour! The only thing I remember that made it interesting was that the movie was filmed on the back of a truck.  I think it should be a warning. Don't waste your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Drowned in the Gossip" (a sequel to the classic movie) has one hell of a story line and then some poor actors. I can't believe that the studio would waste time on this.  What was the point in the original "The Drowned" if you didn't have a great story line to tell? "Drenched in the Blood" was a better story line.  This is a terrible movie. The acting was so bad that I was afraid of the actors. The scenes that were filmed were not believable. The plot is so weak that the director didn't even bother to put a camera in the car.  The only good thing about this movie is that I did enjoy "The King" and "The Dead Girl". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was really awful. It's basically a remake of the very bad remake of "Scary Movie". You know the one, except it was made in 2001.  The actors are really bad and the plot is pretty basic. The script is a bit too obvious for a horror movie and the special effects are too awful. The director even made it seem as if the actors were drunk during filming. I think that's an insult to the actors.  I mean, look at the picture - it's horrible!  If you're a fan of the original, just avoid this film. I can't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main reason for the lack of interest in this movie was that it didn't follow any real plot. It's just not a film at all. It starts with a bad joke, then it's a story about an idiot with a really bad accent.  Then it's just a pile of garbage about a stupid man with a terrible name. I really don't know what was going on in the minds of the people who made this movie. It could have been a good movie, but in its present state, it just looks like an idiot's idea of a joke.  The worst part of this movie is that I didn't really enjoy it as much as I expected. There was a brief scene that showed a lot of potential, but I didn' t really care for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen a number of movies that have been given an R rating but I cannot recall seeing one that was so completely, unbelievably, utterly awful as this one. It's a little over the top, it's boring, and there is very little in it that makes you want to sit down and watch the whole thing again.  It's just one of those movies that are not good because it's not really a movie at all. It was made for the purpose of getting the actors to act in an overly-long, poorly written and horribly acted, incoherent, ridiculous movie that was obviously meant to be a spoof.  The plot is weak and pointless, and the movie never gets any momentum. It should have been a 10 because the acting was okay but it was so obviously just a joke that I could see why the actors would act as they did. But that's all you need to know if you want a low rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie. I did like the music, but the acting was bad and the direction was horrible. I guess that's what happens when you try to make a film about a movie: you end up with a bunch of plot holes and it ends up being a complete mess. The ending is just an excuse to throw away the credits and leave the audience with no sense of closure.  What a waste of money!  The story was bad. You never got any sense of who was going to die, and who was not.  This movie should have been a comedy, but was turned into a boring, pretentious, and poorly acted film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating is 1/10, it just isn't worth my time. I just don't understand how it could have been made to be so bad.  I just can't understand why anyone would watch this. I know it was an American TV show, but I just feel like it was just too much. The plot, the cast, the way it was made, the whole thing was just ridiculous. I mean, who watches this crap? I mean who watches the whole show and just walks away from it after 1 hour and 30 minutes? It was just a waste of time.  The actors were all the worst I have ever seen. The voice of one of them was annoying, the one girl who did the voice was annoying. I can't believe anyone who watches it thinks it was good.  What is there to say about this movie? The whole show was a total waste of your time. Just watch something else and watch something better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really don't like "Bubble Guppins", but I was really hoping for some great action movie. This movie was a complete waste of money and time. I guess that "Bubbly" is a very common movie title. It was an utter disappointment. It's just too bad to see that the movie was made for kids, because the kids didn't get the fun. I would have been much happier if the movie had been made for adults, but that's too much of a waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating is one. I saw this movie on TV in the late '80s and I still haven't seen the whole thing. I can only imagine what it was like for the other viewers. The story is so incoherent and boring, I actually got lost in the movie and couldn't follow the plot line. The director tried to cover the entire movie with images of things that weren't there. There was no reason for the director to put in images of places where you couldn't see. Also, the story had nothing to do with the movie. This movie was a waste of time. If you want to watch a cheesy and stupid movie, watch "The Adventures of Bebe Nubre."  I can't believe they actually made this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not really a horror movie, more like a thriller. The only horror movie I can think of is "The Ring", and that is the only horror film that has ever shown a good, but not great, ending. I mean, if the movie had a good ending, people would have seen it and enjoyed it.  The film is about a couple (played by a couple) who are trapped in a house and must escape it. Unfortunately, it is not as scary as it should have been. It has a very poor ending. It should have ended when the guy in the house got shot, the guy that was trapped got rescued, etc.  This film is not only a waste of time but is actually the worst horror movie that I have ever seen.  I have seen some really scary movies, but this is one of the worst ones. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a terrible, awful waste of time and money. There's absolutely no way it could have been made. The actors are so pathetic and the story so unbelievable. The acting is so shallow and so stupid that I'm not sure how anyone could be that dumb.  It's so unbelievably bad, I can't believe it's made in the UK. It's just so unbelievably awful, and yet it's released by the British Film Institute. Why is this rubbish made in this country? What the hell is the British film institute? How do they know this is rubbish? I mean, I don't know, they're probably just looking for something that is stupid.  If anyone wants to see a decent film, I would recommend "The Man Who Fell Through A Hole In The Sky" (the only one worth seeing). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a waste of time and it was the worst film I've ever seen. The plot was too long and pointless. The acting was atrocious. I don't think they could have made it worse because it would have been way too much to watch but it would probably have been less offensive to the audience. This is a movie that would have made me laugh and cry. If they had at least put a decent amount of effort into it, I think they would have had at most a B. The only good thing was the ending, I liked it but the rest of it sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has absolutely no plot or direction. It's really a bunch of poorly filmed scenes of people talking and having sex. The acting was pretty bad, especially for the young female leads. I don't know how they managed to get these leads together in the first place. There's no dialog, no action sequences, and no reason to watch the film. Just some stupid teenagers having sex and being really stupid. The only redeeming quality is that the actors were really good. They did their best, but it was all just sort of there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad it makes me sad. The cast is awful and the plot is so boring and contrived. It's like they made this movie for a kids show and couldn't make it through the script. The movie never goes anywhere. The main character is a loser and the rest of the cast is so stupid they're actually worse than the main character. I give it a 1/10 because it's only about 8 minutes long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not funny and it was not entertaining. It is a terrible idea to put a comedy on a horror movie. A comedy about a guy with a bad haircut and a weird hat would be funny. If you want to see a bad horror movie this is not the movie for you.  There is no story line. The character of the man with the hat was predictable. And then the movie ends. It should have been more. There was no reason for the end of the movie. It had to happen.  This was a complete waste of my time. I would have rather watched the first 30 minutes of the first movie, which was a great movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie because it's the only thing that has got me to see the movie for the first time. It's really not worth seeing for anything except for the fact that it's a horror movie. But it's not scary enough to get me out of bed at all. I didn't like how it was going to end either, but I didn the movie anyway. I'll admit that I was entertained, but not in the way I expected. I was expecting the movie to be scary but I was bored.   My advice to anyone who thinks that this movie is scary: go watch a movie with a few scary moments. Just stop at the end of the movie and say "No thank you." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, although very similar to "The Last Waltz", has so many problems that it's nearly impossible to take it seriously. It's almost impossible to believe that it even exists. Why did I even bother watching it? The ending was absolutely unbelievable. I was expecting a very slow, boring, uneventful movie. I got exactly the opposite of that.  It also contains many of the worst movie endings ever, such as the one involving the character's brother (played by the actor who plays his brother in "The Waltz") being killed by the bad guy who kills his brother.  I found the film very disappointing. I would rate this movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really hoping to see an epic fantasy adventure from the Wizarding World of J.R.R Tolkien. But to think it could be a horror movie with all the scares and gore is quite disturbing. And it's not a good thing, seeing people screaming in the middle of the night for no reason, with no indication of what the scene is all about. I suppose the movie should have been called 'Scary Movie: The Return of the Master, in which the evil wizard returns to earth to wreak havoc and murder the inhabitants of Middle-Earth. The only difference is that the movie starts off with a really cool scene of the wizard being defeated by Gandalf, who was sent to earth as a baby and then was returned to the world from whence he came. I mean, come on. If you've seen the first two movies, you know how to get there, but not here. The movie begins with a very slow scene with Gandalf going down to the cave where the wizard is being held captive, where he encounters the dragon, which is so scary that it actually frightens the wizard into killing the dragon. The wizard is then beaten by the wizard's bodyguards, and a bunch of the movie's characters are shown getting killed off screen (all except for the hero Gandalf). It is pretty sad that they are shown dead (they're actually supposed to die) but they are not shown at all. You will definitely want to skip the scene where the evil wanders around the castle, looking for some other guy who he can kill. Then there's a pretty lame and stupid love scene with the wizard and the dragon (and the scene of Gandalf and the wizard falling asleep). The movie ends with a giant flying snake being thrown from a window, and the movie is over. The story, as a whole, is very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Happiness Is A Very Small Price To Pay" is a film that was a complete waste of time and money. I think it should have been titled "Hurt People" or "The Cost Of Happiness". I did like the opening scene of the movie and the story, but after the first few scenes I started to get tired of the story and was getting bored. I could have done without the opening credits and just watched the movie.  The acting was terrible and it really looked like a copy of "Love Actually".  The plot was awful and boring. I mean, come on, it's "Bored To Death", not a comedy! There was only one scene that actually made me laugh, and that was the "Rudy" joke.  I guess this is what happens when you go to see a bunch of comedians on a Saturday night. The movie is so bad that you wonder how they could do so much better. This is just another example of a bunch who have no talent and no sense of humor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies ever made. It's like the kind of film that you just have to see because the only reason you don't is that you're too embarrassed to say it out loud.  The acting is laughable, the direction is bad, and the acting, editing, and story are all just so terribly uninspired. It doesn't even deserve to be called a comedy.  I'm sorry, but that's how this movie turned out. If I could have, I would have made this movie when I was 14.  In any case, the movie is not even a comedy at all. If you're expecting to laugh at it, don't. The only thing worse than a bad comedy is a bad action movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My only complaint is that it takes too long for the main character to get what he wants out of his sister. It just goes on and on and he's never satisfied. And the ending is completely unbelievable.  If I can give it one other complaint, it's that it's a really cheesy and over the top show. The acting is pretty bad, and I really didn't care for any of the jokes that were put into the show. But even with the acting, it isn't very good. It's really just the story and the way the show is edited. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a girl who moves from home to the country to start a new life, and meets the guy who runs the local country inn, a guy she knows, but he's not a good guy, and he's never seen the girl before, and they don't get along, so the girl is going to leave town and find him, but they are too late. She goes back and starts getting herself involved in this guy's business, and is then thrown into a trap. The girl, the girl's friend, and the guy all get caught up in a big web of events that goes down in a movie with no real plot, and it's not even close to what's supposed to be a good movie, just a really, really bad one. It's just so, so, SO stupid.  So, yeah, I didn't really like this movie, but I didn`t hate it, because I did like the movie before, so I'm just glad that I did.  I didnt want to watch the movie because it was so poorly made, and I wanted to like it, and yet, the movie was just so stupid. It wasnt even funny, but it was just really stupid, and that was the problem.  The only good thing I can say about this movie was that I liked the movie it was supposed to have been, and was actually better because it wasn t so stupid, but that wasn't the movie I wanted. The movie was so,  so, stupid. There were no real events, and even though it was in slow motion, the camera was constantly moving around, and so the camera got caught up and didn't stay in place. I really liked the idea of the girl getting involved with the guy, but this movie made me think, "Who cares what happens to the girl, just get rid of her. Just kill her, I don't care".  There were so many plot holes, and in one scene when the guy is getting his gun ready to kill the girl. And in another scene when he is telling the girl that he wants her dead.  It was like, if youd made a movie, you wouldn't put in the "how do you kill a girl with a gun?" scene, but the guy did. It was so much, I really didn't understand the movie at all, and all I could think about was how I was going to get off the screen
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was actually very interesting at times, but it was very dull to the point of being boring, and I think this is probably the worst film I've ever seen, and that includes "The Adventures of Shani," which was actually really funny.  The characters were absolutely boring. I know I said before that the story was interesting, but even that wasn't enough. There was no action at all. There were some decent stunts, but there was absolutely no excitement. The only real highlight was the one scene where the lead character, a man in a suit, was chasing a guy with a bat, but the guy in the suit got away and the lead guy ran away with the bat.  It was actually an embarrassment to watch. The movie just didn't have anything to make it worth watching. It didn't even have a very original plot. It was a waste of time. I just didn`t like the movie and didn't care much for it.  This is one of those movies where I wish I could turn it off. It really wasn't worth watching, and it wasn't even that good, so why even bother making it? Why not just watch "The Sandlot" or "The Three Stooges" and go from there?  I would have just turned it off and moved on with my life, but that would have been too easy. It's not like I'm a huge "Star Trek" fan, but I did enjoy the first "Star Wars" movie, so I didn't mind at all about not being able to see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so predictable, and so shallow, and has no idea what it's about. It's the worst thing I've ever seen. It is just a waste of time. There is no plot. Just a bunch of people talking and talking and telling themselves stories about their lives.  There is one interesting moment in the movie, where the actors (or rather, the director) tries to make the whole movie about something, but fails miserably. He tries to get the audience to care about something. And in the end, we all don't care. But he's such an arrogant jerk.  The acting is terrible. It makes you sick to watch. It looks like a cheap movie made by an inexperienced director and/or actors. It really stinks. It just makes you want to punch people in the face.  It's awful. And there's no redeeming features whatsoever.  But that's just my opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is really not a good movie to waste your time on, unless you have a really weird idea that you would like to watch.  It really has nothing to do with the story of the film. If you really want to watch something about vampires, or if you just want to laugh, then look elsewhere. This film is just another lame attempt to cash in on a really bad idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe I've watched this movie and have already been made to feel bad about myself for having it. I'm surprised that it made it to DVD. How could this be a DVD? It's not even worth DVD format, but there it is. The only thing I dislike about it is the fact that it's all about "sex and violence" and I think it's a waste of time. The characters are so bland and uninteresting, the script is so slow and so predictable, and the direction and the acting aren't even all that good. It's just a waste. It would be better to waste an hour watching a movie that isn't actually that bad to waste one hour.  The actors aren't bad either. I've seen them in several movies and they're OK. I just don't like how they play the parts, and I really don't care how good the movie is.  If you can stomach the slow, boring, and predictable, I guess you'll like this movie. I don't think it was worth my time, and it should be avoided by everyone who likes movies.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I like movies that aren't all that great. But this movie isn't even worth reviewing. The acting is atrocious, the direction is terrible, and the plot is predictable. The story line is weak and the acting is laughable.  The plot is so unbelievable that it's just ridiculous. You know you're in trouble when you read the lines. And then you realize you are in trouble.  So in conclusion, it's bad. It's bad, but not the worst movie I've seen. It sucks, but it isn't really awful. I'd give it an 8. It isn't a bad flick, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a lot of promise, but the characters don't get much more to do. It's a shame that a movie that could have been a great comedy or drama was left unfinished. It doesn't make up for the lack of story-telling or acting with cheap special effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so bad I had to watch it twice, the first time in my dorm room, and the second time on the other side of the country, where it was shown in a small theater for free. It's so boring I don't even know what the movie was about! And even worse, the movie's title was the "Rudy", a reference to the infamous "Rude Boys", one of the most popular scenes in the movie. In fact, I actually found it even more amusing that the title refers to a movie I had never seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first ten minutes of this film I was completely confused. This was the first "fictional" movie I had ever seen where a man gets up on stage and tells everyone he can't believe that they're all laughing. I thought the film was a complete waste of time, and after watching it I couldn't understand the whole thing.  I don't know what went wrong here. Maybe the director was just too stupid to understand that you can't tell people that they've been laughing when they're sitting on stage. I don't know how to explain how this movie got a 1.7/10 rating on IMDb. It is so awful that I could've just as easily rated it 1.5/10.  The plot is completely incoherent, there's no way anyone could've made it up, the cast is bad, and the special effects are so stupid. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm an adult male who has been raised on a family values set. I like my wife and kids. But I don't like when my wife makes me do things I don' t like. I don';t like when she makes me get dressed in the morning or go out and get coffee when she wants to talk to me. I love when she doesn't. She's a sweetheart. She loves me and she loves my kids. I am very angry at the guy who made me do this and I don;t want to be him any more.  I do like some of the Disney characters. I do love that they all act like little girls. But they are not little girls and you shouldn't have to act like them. You shouldn' t have to have to dress like them and act like that.  This movie was very disappointing. It wasn't funny, it wasn't cute, it was really, really awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that just goes straight to the point of "oh yeah, let's put this in a movie about a young kid who has magical powers" without really knowing what the movie is really about. It is about a kid who can use his powers to make his friend's dog run away and has to put his powers on hold for a few years. After that he's going to start again, but this time he's never really going to have any powers again because of how the powers were used. The script is basically one big joke, the cast is pretty weak, and the ending is pretty much just a bunch of "I know how to make this movie work" moments that don't really make sense. The movie tries to be a comedy with some moments, but it falls flat and fails because of that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, with a title that would have made its creators proud, features the usual "bad" directorial choices.  This is no excuse for a poor film that is devoid of story, direction or acting.  The characters are bland and predictable. Some of them have been in the past and are not worth their salt. For example, I had to wonder what this film's director had in mind when he cast a young actor (Alfred Harrow) as the character of Mr. Smith.  A film that contains a scene in which Mr. Harrow gets a drink and then has a conversation with a girl (I guess he is a man and she is a woman.) should not have had to include this scene. This film had a scene from the early 1900's in which a woman was shown getting raped by a man, and a scene where a man was shown being hit by a car and then shown getting his clothes torn off by an angry mob.  What's more, in the scene involving the young woman, we were shown a scene that involved Mr.Harrow putting his arm in the face of the girl (the same arm he uses in the film), and Mr.Smith's (Mr. Harrold) hands touching his face, and then showing Mr.Arrow the woman's face. All this could have been avoided if the film had not been made.  I would recommend not watching this film. It was just a waste of my time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total embarrassment. It looks like a low budget copy of a video clip from the infamous video clip that inspired this movie.  The main idea is that a group of people, in an attempt to look cool, make fun of someone or something for being lame.  It's pretty funny in theory, but the execution is awful. It's a comedy, so it's supposed to be funny. But the film is awful in execution, and the humor isn't really funny. It makes the characters sound like the people they are supposed to sound like.  I can't believe anyone would consider this to be a comedy at all.  If you want a low-budget low-brow comedy, this is the movie for you. I'm not joking when I say it looks like the movie was made for $5,000. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was about a man and his sister who were in love and in need of a child. The man, being a Christian, is unable to have a child because he cannot have an abortion. His sister, having no children of her own, is also unable to conceive. She is about to die of cancer when she meets a man who is willing to adopt her as a child and who will care for her while she is alive.  Unfortunately the movie tries to make the story more interesting by adding a bunch of characters that we have never seen before. The story is basically a long series of flashbacks and scenes that are barely worth mentioning. All of the scenes are painfully boring and the only thing that makes the movie interesting are the brief scenes of the characters in their childhoods, such as the family dinner and the day they are introduced to each other. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure what the point of this movie was. The acting was awful, the story was awful. I can't think of anything I did wrong. I'm sorry for anyone who watched this movie. I think it was a waste of time and money. I just wanted to see a decent horror movie with a decent story, and I couldn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad film. I'm sorry if I offended anyone. But I don't care. The script is so poorly written that it is unbelievable. And the actors, in their own words, were so bad. You know, actors have to know what their lines are supposed to mean and act accordingly. I thought I would love to hate this movie, but I can't. I just can't get my mind around how stupid the plot was.  I can only conclude that this film was made in order to get the movie made.  This movie should never have been made. It was so boring, and the actors were so awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film in the DVD box set of "WWE Wrestling History".  The first thing that struck me was the low quality audio and the very low budget. The story was somewhat interesting and I could have made out the names of some of the wrestlers in the film. However, this film is just plain boring. It could have been made much better.  The main reason I was disappointed was because there were so many opportunities for a good match between "Rock" or the Undertaker. I was hoping that he would lose to Shawn Michaels. This film made no effort to even attempt to find out who would win. If there was a match between the two wrestlers I would have been more entertained. The storyline in this film was weak. There was not much to the storyline or characters in this movie.  Overall, this movie is just not good. The only reason I gave it a positive rating is because the DVD had some interesting matches. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was boring and so was the story. There was a lot of time spent looking at the screen to find the movie's plot. There wasn't much action in the movie. The movie was made in 2000 and it's been almost 20 years since it was made. I have seen a lot more movies in that time period and I have to say this one was the worst. It was also very low budget.  The movie looks and sounds like a low budget version of "The Goonies". There are very few effects in the entire movie. I thought they were a little too much for a low-budget movie.  I guess they weren't going for a special effects theme in the film. The whole movie is just a boring waste of time. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. It isn't worth the time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had the opportunity to see this film when it was in its very early stages. When it was actually released in 2000, I watched it in theaters only and thought it was a decent horror film. Now, ten years later, it's just a dud. The acting was not bad, but the acting was so flat that it's almost impossible to believe anyone could have made it up. It just seems like they did not care about anything and wanted to put a little something extra into this film to make it look more impressive. I can't believe anyone would think a horror film was any good.  The acting is pretty bad too, especially with the lead actress, who was one of the worst actresses in her career. I found her acting very annoying, and not even a little bit convincing. The plot is very predictable and predictable. The ending was very lame. This is just one of those films that you think is good, then watch it and it's bad.  Overall, it isn't worth seeing, and the only reason I watch it is for the DVD extras. If you want to see the film, go to the video store and buy the "Halloween: The Nightmare." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to seeing this movie since I've been wanting to see what James Caan was going to do with the old Conan movie since he was in it and had said that he wanted to do it. Unfortunately, I was disappointed because this movie was awful. The acting was terrible, the direction was horrible, and the story line was boring. I don't understand how it could be so bad for so long. I know it's only a movie, but I just can't believe it. It was awful!  If you want to see something great and have a chance to see some old movies, watch The Man Who Knew Too Much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. It is a horrible mess and has nothing to do with the source material, which is why I thought it was so good. This movie is completely out of control and has very little to do. The story is so predictable that you will be bored by it in about 10 minutes. The acting is not very good either. It looks like an early 80's production and I'm sorry to say it's very old fashioned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Lost Brother" is a film that was made for a purpose, but fails to deliver on that purpose. The story revolves around a family that has lost a brother and they decide to investigate him. They learn that he is a killer, and they are going to find out why. They soon realize that the family has been living in a room, and it is a trap. The movie has a lot of clichd scenes, and is filled with so many plot holes that the plot does not make sense at all.  The film also contains a plot twist that is so far from being believable that it's a little unbelievable. It would have been much better if the film had a better script, and a better plot, and more respect for the character and his family. I would give this film a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie once with my son and the first few minutes were so dull I could hardly sit through it. It was so bad I had to turn it off. The story was not even that believable. I don't know what the writer thought he was doing. How could he think that a movie that I can watch again and again would have any interest in me? I'll just say that I was so sick of this movie that after watching it twice in a row I just stopped watching it. The actors were completely awful and the plot had no logic. I saw the whole movie and it was so unappealing that I actually thought I was watching the last episode of the show. I actually hated the film. The best movie ever made is The Walking Dead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of time, with barely any plot or a shred of originality. I was actually surprised when I found out that it is actually an independent film. This is the only film that I have seen where the plot is based on a non-existent book. This film is so devoid of plot that I would never have bothered to see this film without the "book" as a source of inspiration. I just don't get it. If you want to see a film that is devoid of story and content, don't watch this.  It is basically an hour and a half of a woman being raped by a bunch of guys and then some guy pulls out a knife. The rest is pretty much the same old nonsense.  I am guessing that the only reason that this film exists is to make money. The money that it would make is pretty worthless. The only reason to see it is to see the trailer, if you can. I don't want to spend the time watching this film, or the money that I wasted on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of months ago, the trailer for this movie was released and it immediately got a lot of people talking about it. The movie is about a man named Ben who has some sort of alien device and he gets to have a whole new life where he meets a girl named Zoe who is not human. The whole movie is a bit lame and the story is a lot less interesting than what you see on the trailer.  The movie was not even scary, which is a major disappointment because I usually like movies with a lot more tension than this. It also didn't do anything good to Ben's character either. I can only give this movie a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad that I wanted to scream at the screen and curse the actors. The only thing I got from this movie was that I didn't hate all of the characters, but still hated all of them. The worst part was the "Wanted" tagline. It was a joke that the characters had their lives in danger. They had to have their lives taken care of.  My rating is 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie where the female lead gets killed in the beginning. The male leads have to save her and end up getting killed by her, which I thought was too much. And they have to go on a boat to rescue a baby, who is in fact the child of the male lead's father, who was killed in a plane crash.  The story doesn't make sense. The acting is awful. The movie's plot has nothing to do with the story. I'm a bit disappointed that there is not more of a plot. The only thing that I really liked was the music and the visuals. But if you want to see a movie with a plot, don't go into the theater. Just go and see a bad horror movie: The Redeemer, a movie I think you can enjoy if you just go in the theater and see it for what it is, a horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, there are way too many characters. There are only about 12 characters who don't need to be given their own stories. This movie is a bit too short and could have done with a longer run time. This isn't really a bad flick, but it does lack a lot of the charm that made the first one so memorable. It's just not as funny, the script isn't as funny or well written, and there are too many scenes where the characters act out scenes with each other or just get on each other's nerves. The music isn't the best either, there is too much of a generic, unoriginal soundtrack. The only saving grace here is the "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels" theme song, which makes me smile every time I hear it.  There is no doubt that this was a rushed production. The actors were obviously rushed to make the movie because they weren't used to making short films. But it does have some redeeming qualities, though. The cinematography is OK, but you'd be better off just watching the first movie. The characters don't really develop any real chemistry, but there's some funny moments where they do. There's nothing else to recommend. If you can find a copy of the first film, that would be the best. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I had to spend hours trying to figure out what happened in the movie and what the characters were talking about, and it just didn't make any sense.  The story is so poorly told and the acting is so awful that I am unable to believe the people who actually wrote the script and gave it the name "Baldwin." Even the "dinner" scene wasn't all that interesting, but that's probably because I didn't pay close enough attention. If you want to watch a movie that's not great, try to avoid this movie.  I guess I should say that this movie isn't terrible, it's just not great. It's just that the story was so poorly written and the actors' acting was so awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had no expectations to see this film, and was expecting it to be a bit of a waste of time. What I saw was an extremely uninteresting, and incredibly slow, film. I could hardly get through the entire thing. It seemed to drag on and on. I had to stop after an hour. This was the first film I've ever seen that had me wondering why the director made it so slow and boring.  The acting was also very flat, as was the writing. There was nothing in this film that was worth talking about, or even mentioning. It's just a complete waste of everyone's time. If you want to see a film that has a decent story, some interesting characters, and a decent amount of action, don't waste your time on this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to know the real story behind the JFK assassination, the story behind JFK's death, or anything else that's not in the movies, read this book! I'm sure you will laugh a lot and it will take you to another dimension. It will be about what really happened and nothing more. I can't recommend this book because the author doesn't have a clue about what he's writing about. I'm sorry to say that the book is so bad it makes me want to throw it out. It's basically just a bunch of quotes from the author that he can't explain why they're in the book and you don't get the answers that he wants. The author gives every appearance to be a big JFK conspiracy theorist, but that's really just a cover. He's just a guy who has no idea what the real truth is. This book is a waste of time and a waste to people who are looking for answers. If you don's want to read a bad book, this isn't it. It should be considered a waste on your life and yours. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had so much promise. It's supposed to be an interesting look at what the American population has done to themselves in the last 100 years, but it really isn't.  The plot is weak and the acting is sub-par. I can't believe this was made at all. It looks like the director was trying to be funny, but didn't get it right.  One of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched the trailer for this film for weeks, trying to come up with something positive to say about it. And I have yet to come across anything positive about it at all.  I'm not sure what the trailer is supposed to be a metaphor for. If it's a metaphor then it's completely useless. The only thing that could possibly make this film a metaphor would be the idea that it was based on the movie The Man in the White Suit. But I don't think that movie is the best comparison. The Man In The White Suit is a totally different movie.  It isn't a comedy either. It's a melodrama, and the melodramas of the past, like this one, are generally better than the melodic, predictable and predictable comedies of the 21st century.  The story itself is utterly worthless. A couple of the supporting characters are so stupid that it is unbelievable. There is no reason at all to spend an hour or two watching this film. It is just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was supposed to be a great film - a great comedy film - but it was a complete disappointment. There was no real humour to the story or anything really worth watching. There were several scenes that could have been great scenes, but there was nothing to them. They were just a couple of people talking at a party in the middle of the night.  The whole thing was a bit boring. There wasn't a sense of tension or anything like that - it just felt like the writers had no idea how to write a comedy. The characters didn't seem to know how to act or even talk. They just talked and said things that were not funny. I know this is a comedy, but it just wasn't that funny.  There were some good bits - such as the part where they played poker in the park - but other than that the movie was pretty awful. I think it would have been better if they had made it a few minutes longer. I mean, it's only 2 minutes long - it shouldn't have taken them that long to write this film - 2 minutes, please!  Overall, I give it a 1/10. I wouldn't recommend it at all - it's just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After a few years, I am finding it hard to find decent movies that are actually funny. I've come across the 'funny in a bad way' movie but this one seemed to have lost all the charm I once had. It was so devoid of humor, it was almost painful to watch. The actors were terrible, the story seemed so predictable, and the story was really bad. I'm not sure if they made the movie to save money on editing, but there wasn't much to save.  I wish that I had done something better with the actors.   If you are looking for an action/horror/comedy, go for it. If you're looking for a movie to sit down and watch, don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of hours into this movie I was sitting in the theater with my wife and two young kids. I had to get my kids out of the theater as fast as possible, and I had seen this movie on TV and in the movies section of the local theater before, but never in my life had I ever seen such a blatant and terrible attempt at a family comedy. I really think that this movie is one of the worst movies ever made, and this is the first time I have ever seen the script. I am not sure why this movie was ever made and why it was made so late in the production. Maybe they wanted to keep it a secret? But then again it's not a family movie. It has nothing in common with family movies. It is just a comedy that tries to make money by making a joke out of everything. I have seen far better movies made in the 90's and early 2000's. One is a straight up action movie and another is a comedy about a group of people who are not related to each other and all do not know each other very well, but they all live together and make a lot of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, despite the fact that I've never seen it, was the only movie I've ever hated that I actually wanted to see. I mean, it was awful, I'm not kidding, it wasn't even that good, but it made me want to watch the sequel over and over again, because it was such a waste of time.  There was so much plot, and there was so little action, and the dialogue was so irritating. The whole movie felt like a waste, I don't know what to say other than "get your own DVD copy."  But that's just me. The movie itself is terrible.  It would've been better if the movie had been a TV show that was just about the characters. Instead, they were all talking to each other and didn't really do anything, so the movie got a 1 out of 10. I'm pretty sure they could have done a better job with the acting and editing.  This is an example of how movies with no real story can turn into a nightmare. The acting is just so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this film I thought it was a joke. I thought there must be some kind of joke involved.  After seeing it a second time I realized that it wasn't a joke, it was just a very poor excuse to spend 3 hours and 50 minutes watching people who don't know any better.  The main problem is that the film was so badly edited and there was no reason for it to be as poorly edited as it was. The fact that the movie is so badly cut up that it looks like it was filmed on a cheap camera is more than a little disturbing.  It's just a bad excuse to waste your time. The acting is pretty bad too. They do have a few funny moments. If you want to see something funny you should just stick to the comedy films that are out there.  I would recommend skipping it if you can. You're better off with some good comedies that aren't so badly done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst horror movie ever made.  It is very obvious that it has been made to promote a movie, "Wanted: Dead or Alive". I know that is a bit of a spoiler but don't be stupid! Go and see that movie!  But in "Won't ya see?", the actors act as if they are in the "real world". I am afraid that they might have been so drunk that they forgot that in the real world there are things like "guns" and "shotguns".  If you really want to see a really bad movie that is like a really low budget version of "The Silence of the Lambs", I suggest you go see "The Ring".  I am going to suggest that people who watched this movie, get some fresh air. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was extremely contrived and the script was painfully predictable. The characters were so poorly conceived that I couldn't care about them. The story line was very predictable and in some ways made no sense. The movie was so devoid of character development that it made the first two acts seem like they were all that happened and the last two acts completely flat.   The ending seemed out of place and was never explained. It just seemed that the entire movie had been shot without the director knowing exactly what was going to happen. The ending made no logical sense and made no difference at all. It was so flat and predictable that I just gave up after watching the film. I have never watched a bad comedy in my life. It made no attempt to be funny and was so boring that I actually began to feel sorry for the characters. I had to sit through it.  The acting was terrible and the whole movie was devoid of any real humor. The script was so terribly bad that I could not find anything in it that made me laugh. The only thing I was able to find was the director's own voice. It sounded like a drunk drunk talking to his own sister.  I could see the plot in retrospect. It should have been obvious. However, I was so disappointed by the movie that I had no interest in seeing it again.  It wasn't funny and it wasn't well written.  My rating: 1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the original version of this film and liked it but with a very limited taste. I was very disappointed in the new edit. I can't believe that they have made this film without any budget. This is a film from the early '80s that would have been considered good in the 80's. I found it to be absolutely awful. It's the worst film I've seen from the '90's. The movie is completely unnecessary and poorly acted. There are no twists or surprises in the film. You'll find out what happened in the beginning of the film but the movie never got that far. I really wish that they would have left out the old version. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the first time I saw this, I was hoping that it would be better than the original. It's not. It is worse. It was just awful.  The acting was terrible, the plot was completely pointless and, worst of all, the camera was always on the side of the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. It's so awful I thought it was a children's film. I think the director of this film was really just a hack who put his own spin on a film about a really bad movie. I've seen some really bad movies, but this one was really, really bad. I saw it in its original form, but in the DVD version it's so badly mangled that it looks like it was made in the 1990s. It isn't even a sequel to the film that was already made. It seems to have been made as a one-shot movie with a couple of extra scenes added in, and no original ending.  The special effects are really bad, and the characters look very unimpressive. I have never seen a better example of a terrible film than this.  And what about the title? The movie title was written on the DVD cover, but the DVD itself says "The Movie: Movie: A horrible, awful, horrible, terrible movie about a terrible movie". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Polaroids" is the worst movie ever made. No, not "The Polaroids" series. But the entire series. And I mean that in the worst way possible.  I'm no film critic but I watched the series and read the book first. I think "The Ice Cream Man" is pretty good and "The Ghost Story" is better. But neither is this series even close to being as good as this "Polevoids" flick. It's just so dull, so stupid and so stupidly directed. This is really a movie about two people (one is a murderer and the other is a psychic), two people who are in love (or they're married, or they're in love with each other), and two characters who are having a relationship with each of the two people they're having a sexual relationship with. No story lines, no characters, nothing. I can't believe how someone could make a series like this without ever realizing how ridiculous it is. The acting was pretty bad but the acting was so poor that it could be forgiven by those who thought they were acting.  The acting in "Palevoids," "The Black Polaroids," and "Panda" were so poor, so flat and so boring, so over-the-top and so cheesy that it made me sick to my stomach.  There was also some pretty good animation and I'm sure they had the budget to hire a big animation studio to make it, but why bother? It's not like they're going to make a lot of money from it either. But it's a waste of time. "Possums" was better, by far, but "Passion of the Dark," and most of the rest of this series, are not.  "The Dark Polaroids", "The White Polaroids". It's a complete waste of money and time. And when you read the story, you'll realize why they made it.  It's also a waste for everyone else because it ruined all the great works out there, such as "The Amityville Horror," "Alien", "Gremlins," "Cherry Vanilla", and "Scooby-Doo." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating: 2/10 - I can't believe they made this movie. It was so bad that I thought the producers had made a mistake. I mean, this was a film where people were in the bathtub and in a bathtub? I think they had to have thought that a bath tub was a bad place to put people and the actors.  This film was not funny, and it had too much plot. It seemed like they made the plot to fill time. This is the worst thing that ever happened to me. I just want to know what it is with this film. It's not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was predictable, the ending was not predictable, and the characters were predictable.  However, there were some nice moments, but overall I did not like this movie. The acting was sub-par, the plot was not believable, the characters did not feel like they were in a believable situation.  It did not seem to be set up for a sequel, so I doubt that the studio will make this movie, because it would just be wasted space. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a little disappointed when I heard it was rated PG-13 for the PG-rated scenes, but was pleasantly surprised when I saw it was a PG-17. I'm still not sure how a PG film can get a PG rating for a PG horror film. It doesn't help that the director, Michael A. Williamson, is such a mediocre director, with the exception of a couple of minor and not very impressive works.  I'm not sure what they had to do with this film other than give it a PG designation.  The acting is OK, I mean, OK. The acting, and the directing, is not OK. And the directing is so poorly done, it would be better if it was made into a children's movie rather than a PG movie. I can't say I blame them for doing this. They had to be PG-18 because that's the rating for films for kids under the age of 17, and because they were so afraid of being rated PG. It's a shame. I think it's the director's fault for the lack of a sense of humor. I do like the title of the movie, "The Monster's Curse". But the movie is so bad, I really don't know why they thought they had anything to do there.   I've seen worse horror films than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies you watch and get frustrated trying to understand what the heck was going on. It's really hard to figure out what's going on in this film, it seems like it has no clue what it's trying to do and just seems to be completely randomly putting in characters who are not even in the movie at all. The characters are often in situations that are completely illogical and impossible to pull off. There are several scenes where you get the feeling that the filmmakers are just going through the motions and have no idea what they are trying to say. The only thing I really like about this movie is the fact that it's a really boring, very slow film.  The soundtrack is also very slow and repetitive, I think the only time when it's really good is when it uses all the right music in the scene.  Overall a terrible film. Don't waste your time watching it, and please don't make it into a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the film, the lead actress in the lead role, a blonde lady, is playing with a guy that's a bit too old to be in the film and the guy's name is Paul Dann (Dann was only 30 at the time).  I thought the movie was about a man who fell into the bottom of the sea and became a monster. I found the movie too confusing and dull.  I gave it a 3/10 because I had a lot of time to watch the movie over the course of three days. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies where you think the director was trying to tell a story but was actually trying to convince you that he wasn't trying to make a bad film. I've seen worse movies, but this one is so incredibly stupid and pointless that it could be an effort to distract from the awful story that it is. If you are into the type of movie where the character tries to tell you something, this is definitely the wrong movie for you. The problem with this movie is that it's so devoid of story that you'll never know what the characters are trying to say and why they're saying it. I actually think this is one big reason why people give this movie such low ratings. You see the actors trying to be funny, but you can't tell what the joke is unless you know the movie's story line, or the plot. This movie is just a bunch of people talking and not much else. This is a movie for people who like to watch people talking on screen but don't care if it's boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've read the book and watched the movie, and although I can understand why this film was made and why it wasn't made into a film, I still can't get into it. What I can say, however, is that this film is pretty bad. It's not a good movie because of its direction, and it's not even a bad film because of it's cast. There's nothing redeeming about this film, and I can't imagine how anyone who watches this film could recommend it to anyone. The story and acting, if they were there at all, are awful, and the movie is simply awful. The worst thing about the movie? I don't even like the characters! And I can just say that because I don a very large part of my brain right now and I'm trying to make a point about the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie for the first time this week, and found myself absolutely bored.  I could not believe that the filmmakers had wasted an hour and a half of my life. What a waste of time. What is there to make the movie more interesting? Why does the director have to make it this way? How can this be made into a "must see" movie?  The acting is not good, and there is no plot. If you like a low budget horror movie, you'll love this one. But, you may not like it. If it was an hour long, you could at least see the movie. But when it was this short, it wasn't worth seeing.  This movie is awful, and I can't recommend it because I was expecting much better. I don't know how the makers of this movie could be so stupid that they wasted an entire hour of their lives on this movie. It was like watching a bad "Wet Hot Fights".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bit more of the movie could have been interesting and perhaps a little more of a mystery.  The acting is laughable. Some scenes are so unmemorable I had to look up the lines to see what they were supposed to mean. The whole movie was filled with needless, pointless, and stupid situations. It was just so boring, that I would rather just watch a comedy.  I have no hope that anyone who watches this movie will ever enjoy a good movie.   I just hope that the director does not get too much credit for making a decent movie. It's a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few weeks after the release of the movie, I found it on the video store. I bought it because it was at the top of the charts and I knew I would probably like it. Unfortunately, I did not like it, it's a total waste of time. The acting is so awful that it's almost funny. The story is so stupid that I found myself not wanting to believe that they actually made this movie.  In fact, I'm still not sure if they made this. I'm sorry to say that it is just not worth buying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just a terrible mess. The only good thing about it is that it's the only film that I have seen where the actors seem to be playing characters who have little to no sense of the time or place they're in. So much of the movie has to do with a bunch of people walking around and talking about nothing and getting into some sort of battle that's not really relevant to what's happening in the movie. The plot is so completely non-engaging that you're really just waiting to see what happens next. I would have been more entertained if the plot had been better written.  The ending is just so lame and not in keeping with what happened in the previous 30 minutes. It just ends up feeling like the movie was trying to end with the end of a story.  I can't believe that it could get a score below 2 out of 10. This film isn't even worth the time it takes to watch. If you're looking for a mindless adventure, you're in the wrong place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty basic story about two children who are separated and then reunited in adulthood. The problem with this movie is that it is so far removed from reality that it really is a waste of time for the audience. It is boring and devoid of any meaningful message or message-related content. The only reason I can think for the film's existence is that the director, Robert Rodriguez, and the director's co-writer, Steve Coogan, are very good friends. I just can't understand why this movie was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After all the hype and fan-fare surrounding the upcoming release of "The Dark Knight Returns", the movie failed to live up to its reputation.  The movie had a mediocre script and an abysmal acting, and, worst of all, a complete lack of direction or direction of the plot. The movie could have been a great movie, but the director couldn't have been in the mood for it. He wasted the story for a movie that was more about the special effects than the story.  I can't say that the movie was bad, but I would have been much happier if it had been at least a solid, competent effort.  It had the potential to be a classic Batman movie. The story was about the relationship between Batman and a villain who was essentially a supervillain, but who was also a fan of Batman, and who was willing to help him fight crime. It could have made for a great B-movie, but, sadly, it didn't get there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am very disappointed with this film, it has no plot and no logic whatsoever. The only thing I can say for the good is that I like it as an homage to 'The Wizard of Oz'.  However it lacks everything else. It lacks any sense of humour and is just boring. The actors are completely wasted in their roles.  I hope that they get a chance to do a sequel to this film and they will be so embarrassed by it.  The actors and director need to get their heads together and start writing and directing good movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only movie that really makes me not care for a horror movie. Not a horror film at all. The director just wants to show how horrible the "un-fun" are and then goes on to make a sequel with a better story and less gore. This is an example of how the movies become formulaic after the second time.  The film opens in an old hospital where people are dying in a strange way. Some of them are missing parts of their bodies. Then a nurse and an orderly hear about a strange patient that had been brought in by the killer. Then some of the dead people come back and they start to fight in the hospital. The movie then just ends in a big explosion. That is it. The story is not great.  It is really hard to see the movie. The actors are not good. The sound is not good at all and the movie is not scary at all... But what really sucks is the direction and the acting. The acting is so bad in this movie that you can't believe that there are people in it. I can't tell you why the director chose to cast some of those actors. I just can't understand how they can get such good roles if they don't have the talent to make them.  I just wish that this movie would have a more coherent story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this film, the female lead character, who is actually a man in disguise, is completely devoid of any human emotion or humanity.  What is even more disturbing is that the character was supposed to have an almost normal personality. In fact, this character's entire personality was entirely a figment of his imagination. The character had no personality. This is a person who could have been an average human being, had he been allowed to act without being controlled.  This film is not a positive portrayal of women at all. I found the character, whose name was Michael, to be an average person who had never experienced love, had never been in love, and had never gone through any of the hardships that other people have experienced in their lives. This film, as a whole, was a complete waste of time. I did not like it at all and I recommend that everyone not waste their time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Gods in the Mist" is an attempt to recreate the "Bart" films of the 1960's, but it falls short of the originals. This is probably due to the fact that "GODS" was released as an original feature film in 1968 and "BART" only saw release in 1974.  In this film, the God-like figures from "B" are replaced by a bunch of drunk guys who think they're being worshipped. In addition to that, the plot is too predictable. I mean, you know the story is about the Devil (played by a fat guy) stealing the Bible (played a black guy) and using it to cause a series of disasters.  But what makes this film so horrible is the direction, sound, and costume, all of which come from "DARKNESS: THE LIGHT". This film is like the sequel to "Darkside". The movie tries to recreate a good movie, but ends up making it worse.  This is a waste of time. This movie is one of those "funny movies" that I just can't stand. It just seems like it was made to be a parody of "B". But it isn't. This film makes no sense. It has no redeeming value and I'm afraid I'll have to trash this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just plain awful.  This is a real waste of time and money. It has no redeeming features, except the fact that it is the only movie in this movie.  I can't believe this was the only one made. This movie was awful. I hope this is the end of the production, because this is probably the worst movie ever made.  If anyone knows who made this, please let me know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've watched this movie once, and I'm afraid I'll never see it again. I thought the film was a joke, and it's pretty obvious that it was, but it's just not funny at all. It's too stupid for a comedy. And I can't understand how anyone can say this is "the funniest movie ever made" without the slightest hint of irony. There are better movies out there - look at Monty Python and Terry Gilliam. I'll try to watch the DVD, but I just don't know how I can recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off I must say that I love the original series and was a big fan of the series. This is NOT that series. Its not even a half way between the series and this crap. There is absolutely nothing here that is worth watching and I would like to give this movie 2 stars. I think that it would have been better if it was made into a live action show because it would still be enjoyable but would be so boring.  The acting is bad, the story is so bad, and the ending is so stupid that I just had to look up how to end the movie. Its a horrible movie and I just want to see it destroyed so I can move on to other things.  This is a bad attempt at a remake of the original movie that I really don't want to spend any money on and just wants to get rid of. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a movie that tells the story of a black family in the 1950's with a white family living with them and not really trying to tell you a story, then this movie isn't for you. This movie is very predictable and dull, and a lot of the dialog is just nonsensical and boring. The film is just about what you would expect. There are scenes in the movie where the characters talk about each other's problems, and when the characters are having arguments with each other, it is just not believable.  The acting is very bad. The leading actor who plays a white guy does not make much effort to give his white character a deep and believable character.  If this movie is supposed to be an accurate representation of what life was like in the late 50's and early 60's, it should have a bit more depth. This is just a basic and generic story that has a black cast and a white lead that is barely capable of a real character. The movie does not tell you anything.  Don't waste your time on this movie. Don't rent this movie and don't buy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first film in a series that was supposed to be a tribute to the late, great director Sidney Lumet. Instead it's just another one of those films in which the writer is a jerk and the director is a total idiot. It's just like the last three films of the series. All the actors are just too stupid to act in their own movies. The story is predictable, predictable and predictable. The characters are the same in every episode. In this film they are all stupid. The director is just another jerk who is trying to make a tribute film to Sidney Lumeta. But this is the worst tribute film that I have ever seen. I was expecting a fun film with a big cast and decent script. What I got was a boring film where all the actors had to act as if they were in the last episode of the original series. The only redeeming quality of the film was the music, which was awful. The actors didn't do much in the way of acting either. The script was just a mess. I just can't recommend this film because of the lousy script, and the actors' dumb acting. I hope that the producers of this film never work on another tribute film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to know why this movie sucks, look no further than the cast. This is an example of the biggest disappointment in the history of the American film industry. Not one actor was able to bring his own story to life. Not even one actor showed any passion for his character, who was supposed to be a sympathetic character, as well as his love interest. If you ask me, that is not a surprise. The character was supposed the love interest of the movie, and the movie was about the relationship between these two characters, so why did they have to become just a couple? And why was there no romance between them? Why didn't they get married? How come we never see any of them getting married? The movie did not make any sense, it had no logic, no heart, and it really sucked.  And the acting was bad, the acting in this movie is so awful that I think it could have been worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of things have been bothering me about this movie. First, the movie takes too long to get into the story. The movie is not well told and the ending is not satisfying. I really wanted to know what happened to the main characters, but I was not satisfied with the movie. I am very disappointed that the movie is the same as "The Adventures of Robin Hood" by Disney.  The movie was really boring and the story had a lot of inconsistencies. The only good thing about this bad movie is that it looks very old. I did not understand why they made the movie when they could have made it in the 60s.  Overall, a bad sequel. The original Robin Hood movie is great. The sequels are just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was the worst thing I've seen in a while. It was so predictable and so boring that you had to put in all your effort to stay awake. The acting was weak and there was no point to even look at the film. I could have taken it apart, but I didn't. You can get a lot of laughs out of the film, but you have to be careful of the fact that you are watching it and not just waiting for it to end.  The plot is so weak and the characters are so one-dimensional that it's a wonder what was the point of the story.  If you want to see a film that has some substance, I would suggest looking elsewhere. But I warn you, if you see this, you will have no interest in watching any other film made after it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Evil Dead" is a lame attempt at an 80's horror film. The cast is uninspired, the story lacks the originality that is needed to be a classic.  If this was not a sequel to "The Exorcist", I'd rate it even lower.  The director of "The Shining" (who directed "The Amityville Horror", "The Omen", and "The Conjurer", among other horror movies) had an opportunity to do a horror movie with a classic setting, and he chose "The House". The House is a family home that was haunted by a ghost.  I cannot believe this is the director's first attempt at a horror film, and it shows. I mean, how can a director not know how to scare a movie? I mean that, he should have done it already. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen and liked many films in the past, but this one has got to be one of the worst I've ever seen. The plot was a bit unbelievable, and the acting was terrible, especially the female lead. The music and sound design was awful, and I can't understand why they even bothered putting in a few lines for the characters, which is usually my favourite part of a film.   I'm going to give it a 1 because the acting wasn't so bad, but it was the plot, plot, and plot that ruined the movie for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A sequel to the "Bored in the Dark" is a waste of time. There are so many bad movies that I can't even find the words to describe them all. I'm going to use this as an example of how not to make a sequel. I liked the first "Borne", but that was just one movie. This is a sequel, which isn't a movie at all. It's not even a novel, which was a good idea. But that's not what this movie is. It isn't even a science fiction story, which is a good thing, because this movie isn't about science fiction. It should be a science-fiction story, but it's not, because it is made up of recycled plot elements. This movie is like a Bored in The Dark, but with a whole lot of dead people. I hate this movie. I can only hope that a new director will make it better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film which tries to ape the style of films like "I Am The Pretty Thing That Happens to Be Me" and "The Wedding Singer" and so on but falls flat on its face. In the end, we are treated to a film with nothing but a few scenes and one shot. And if the script is interesting, it will only get worse. It's a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so unbelievably stupid it makes you wonder if the director really knows how to direct. And to be honest, I'm not surprised because it's so bad. The only saving grace was the fact that the actors had decent personalities. And even that wasn't enough to save this film from being an embarrassment to everyone involved.  There's absolutely no plot to speak of and there's no way to figure out what is going on because the movie is a blur of incomprehensible dialogue and pointless and unnecessary flashbacks. It's a film that could have been a movie about a family dog that accidentally killed a man, except that the dog didn't kill anyone. It was probably more interesting to watch because the dog was in an extremely negative mood, probably because they didn't give a good movie like this one enough credit.  The actors are so bad, the movie's plot is so stupid, and the only reason I'm still watching it is because I'm sick of watching awful movies like this. I hope that a few people will see this and realize that they're just wasting their time on these movies. I'm sure they'll like the sequel to this film because it has a great plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry if I've offended anyone by the negative review I have written.  I don't want to have any more trouble like the time I had with "The Last Samurai". I guess it would have been easier if the director had not made a sequel and left it alone.   However, this movie is bad and the script is worse than the original movie. It's a total waste of time and money.  The original movie had great action and the story line wasn't the worst. This movie just makes you think you are watching an hour long episode of "Hercules". If you can't understand the story, you will never understand anything. If you are interested in a great martial arts movie, I suggest you look at the original and not the remake. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a fan of Michael Biehn. His films are usually really fun and hilarious. However, his latest, "Biker" is nothing but a waste of time. The acting is bad, the story is stupid and the humor is a joke.  "Bikers" is a story about a bunch of bikers that ride around in the woods and get into fights with other bikers. It doesn't make sense. If you know what a motorcycle is, then you can imagine the scene better. It makes me wonder why Biehn is such a good actor, why he made a movie about a motorcycle. I'm sorry, but he shouldn't have made a film about motorcycles. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was terrible. I was so angry and so disappointed that the acting was so awful that I actually wanted to scream at the screen. There were so many awkward scenes that I wanted to stop watching and leave the theater. I did. But when I finally saw it, I realized it was just like other movies. I mean it was so obvious that it had been made for other people, that I think the director and cast might be on drugs. I felt so frustrated and so sad that I had wasted time and money. I just couldn't take it anymore and I left the theater and went to another movie.  The whole movie was about a guy who goes on a trip with his best friend's sister who thinks he's cheating on her by cheating on his girlfriend. The brother is cheating on the sister, and so he must cheat on his best friends. The sister's sister is an actress who has been on the set for 3 months and he needs to get her to cheat on her sister. The movie starts off and the brother and his friend are watching the sister make love to the brother. But the brother is not in love with the sister and he is getting a little jealous because she has been making love to him.   The movie was full of clichs and cliche that I have seen so many movies before. It was so predictable that I could not care about any of the characters in it. I had a hard time trying to relate to any of them. The acting wasn't even that bad, but it was far below the standards I expect from movies made in Hollywood.  All in all, I was very disappointed in this movie. The directing and the editing was terrible and it really sucked to see such a poor movie. If you're looking for a cheesy film, then I would say this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen in my life. It has no story, no characters, no motivation. There is nothing but an overabundance of shots of people talking.  The story itself is very boring, but I can't say it isn't entertaining to watch people talk.  It's just a waste of time.  There are so many actors that could have been better. The acting was so weak, it made me laugh, but not for very long.  I wish I had never seen it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After all these years of trying to make movies that actually are funny (the "Stargate" films were a notable exception) I've come to the conclusion that most comedies today don't even try to make a joke in the first place. In this film, "Fool Me Once" attempts to do just that, but without the humor, and without any laughs to make it worth watching.  This is the second time that the film has failed to find an audience. I found this movie so awful I wish it would just disappear. This is not the worst film that I've seen. It's definitely not the best film I've ever seen, but it's certainly not the least bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good movie: interesting, funny, but this one isn't. It's just a collection of the most uninteresting, pointless shots, the worst sound effects I've ever heard, and worst character development I've heard.  This movie is a complete waste of time. There are some moments that I enjoyed, but overall it was a waste of money. I'd give the director credit if he actually made a movie.  If you want a good laugh and some entertaining viewing, you will probably get a laugh from this one. Otherwise, stay away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A mediocre attempt at a "comedy" from the late '70s. It's just a bad attempt at humor that was really only intended to be a vehicle for a bad comedy. It has absolutely no direction and is so flat and unengaging that it can only be described as a joke. The only reason the movie worked is because it's a really funny little movie about an older man who tries to do some new things with his wife and daughter, but the acting is so awful that it's hard to tell what's going on, let alone laugh at the joke. This is a movie that would have made a better "comic" in the '70's, but this is a comedy about a family, so it's pretty pointless. I can't recommend it unless you're a really serious fan of the '80's or '90's "comics" (which are pretty lame). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really hoping for something really good, and sadly this movie was just a lot of nothing. There are a lot more funny moments in other comedies (such as the recent The Office). I felt that they were just trying to make this movie funny to appease their audience, and that is a shame. This movie was a really poor excuse to create a movie for the sole purpose of selling DVD's, and then making the movie in such a small time frame (at least 4 hours and 30 minutes). They didn't even make a decent DVD special features; a very bad job considering the amount of effort put into this movie. The only reason why I gave it a rating of 2 stars instead of a 1 is because the DVD is actually a good movie, but they should have given it an 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so poor, so amateur, so ridiculous that I thought the director could have been some sort of low-level movie crew or maybe even a kid. The acting was absolutely terrible, and the plot, which involved a bunch of teenagers and a girl in a wheelchair (who would have been the perfect victim in this film), seemed to be written on the fly, with no care for how it would come together.  I felt sorry for the actor, who, despite being in a movie, had no interest in the story or the character he played. I felt insulted by the director's failure to do anything other than make the worst movie ever made. It made me feel that I was watching a TV program from some distant era that I couldn't understand. The characters were all the same. There was a girl, a kid, and a boy (who could have had an awesome father), all in the wheelchair, who were all so stupid, so mean, and so uninspired that I felt I was actually watching a television program made by the same producers as those in this movie.  If you want to see a movie that is so awful, check out "The Adventures of the Bumble Bee". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was supposed to be about a fictional murder mystery with a twist. What we got was a bunch of characters that were supposed to do stuff but don't do it. The movie has a buncha plot holes that were so blatant that I couldn't take it. I mean, there's no way in hell they could have made that much plot holes. It's like they had to keep up their facade to make the movie. If you're going to make a movie where a murderer has just murdered someone, how much more of a fake movie could you make? I think that the people who made this movie need to go back to the drawing board. They can make a better one and the movie would probably still be crap. But, if they don't get the idea, why should we ever think that they can make the best movie ever? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is one of the worst films I've seen in my life. It is a waste of time and money, and not worth the time and effort. I could not make it through the entire film, and I still couldn't understand what was happening. I'm not sure if this is due to the acting, the plot, or just a bad script. I watched the entire thing in one night. I didn't even know what I was watching!  The only redeeming factor was the fact that the movie was made in 1990. That was nearly 30 years ago. I still can't understand how this movie was ever made.  I guess the producers had no idea what the movie would be like. This was clearly a poorly written script that didn't have the care that one would expect from a film. The plot could have been better, and the acting could have had more substance. It was a real waste of my time and I'm sure that other people had similar experiences. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie about the famous movie: The French actress, Lola Montesino, is about to marry the actor, Claude Monaiz. She tells him that she wants to do it alone. Her father, the actor Albert Monaise, refuses to give his daughter the green light for the wedding. He tells his son to go on with his fiance. She does not agree. She tries to convince him that he has no choice. However, the young man is not convinced. She finally agrees to the marriage. The movie then cuts to the next morning, when the couple gets married. The husband is a good actor, but he is not a great actor.  This is a bad film, not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was not interesting at all, the actors were boring, and the script was so poorly written that it seemed like the writer was just trying to create the "familiar" feel of the film without any real purpose.  The script for the story was also very poor. The actors were not even close to the actors they had used in the past, so I am afraid I did not get a real feeling of "deeper" relationship between the characters.  And the sound was the worst. There were times when I was just hoping for the sound of a TV or a radio to come on, and even though there was no radio or television sound effects, I did feel that something was happening.   The only reason I gave this movie a 1 is because it has some moments that were worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a typical example of a bad comedy, where you get the first 15 minutes of this movie and then the first hour or so after that it's just a pile of clunking, slow and boring. The fact that they are talking about their relationship is just another sign that this is an insult to anyone who actually cared about this relationship to begin with. In this case it's a young woman's relationship to a man that is totally off the charts stupid.  The film is full of cheesy jokes, awful dialog and scenes that are not even funny, let alone funny enough to make a joke. The story line of a woman cheating on her boyfriend, the relationship and how she meets the guy she's cheating on him with and why she gets caught cheating is just a bunch of stupid nonsense that just makes no sense at all. I could go on and on about how ridiculous this movie is and how awful it is, but that's not really what this film is about, it's the man's reactions and how he reacts to this relationship of a young man cheating on his girlfriend and how that relationship develops from there.   It's a waste of time and money for anyone who came to see this film because it was so stupid that I felt bad about having watched it.  If you are going to see a movie that is so bad, I suggest not seeing it at all and just stay away from this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really hoping to see something that I thought was really good. What I saw was a really boring film. It was very slow paced and I found myself constantly switching from one part to another. The only thing that made it interesting was the music. There was one song that stuck in my mind and made me think "Why am I watching this?" It was a bit annoying because the director didn't seem to care about the music and wanted the audience to sit and enjoy their own music instead. The whole film is really boring. There are some scenes that are interesting, but the movie is just so slow. There were some parts that had a lot of plot and I didn't understand the reasoning behind it.  It's a bit disappointing to see a film that is so poorly made that it ends up getting a 9. I would have really enjoyed it if the film was better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a disgrace to the genre of "horror". The acting was so wooden that it made me angry. The acting wasn't that bad but the acting was a bit too cheesy for me. The plot wasn't as good as it could have been. The story was predictable. The ending wasn't very satisfactory either. I found it all to be very predictable and I felt it was all a waste. This movie should have been given a 10 out of 10 because I can only give it a 6.  The story seemed to be an afterthought to the actual movie itself.  I did enjoy the movie but I wouldn't give it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to have seen this film, and maybe even heard the story, but I don't think it was ever recorded, so I don' t know for sure what happened to it. I just found it on DVD in the "Sci-Fi Classics" section of a video store and I decided to watch it to see if it would make an interesting DVD. It's a shame, because it was so bad. I really liked the first two movies, and thought they had been made by some studio, but this was so boring and badly done that it's not even funny.  The story line was really weak, and the acting was terrible. I don';t think it had been recorded, and I'm not sure if there is any way to find out. It is very doubtful that anyone ever made this movie. If anyone wants to see it, they can go to the video store where I found it, and they will have to pay for it, which isn't much money to spend. I would recommend that you don't waste your money on this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many things wrong with this film. First, the script is just so poorly written and it has no redeeming qualities. The way it's done is so cliche and so stupid that it makes the actors and the viewer cringe.  There's not one joke in the entire movie. There's nothing funny or amusing in it. It's just a bunch of people sitting around doing nothing. The only thing that keeps me laughing is when they have to sit in a bathtub.  The acting is pretty weak as well. The actors are terrible, the voice-over is cheesy, and the dialog is so shallow that you could easily make a movie about it.  If you like comedies that don't work and don't make you laugh, give this one a miss. If you do like comedie that don' t make you feel good, give it a miss, too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie takes a few turns and goes nowhere. For instance, the girl is a drug addict and the guy is a junkie. When the girl has sex with the junkie, they have sex in the van, then she dumps the junkies' semen into her boyfriend's mouth and dies from a drug overdose. The guy is finally able to get the girl's name and he tells the girl that she was really a junkies lover, and she needs to be dead for him to know who she was. This is the kind of movie that should be a waste of time. The acting is terrible. The girl doesn't know how to act or act with an actor who is supposed to act in her life. It would be nice if this movie made some money. But it just goes on and on and doesn't seem to have a point.  I wish the movie made a profit and gave the guys more screen time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the reviews of this film and I was so shocked that it wasn't at least decent. It's so stupid. It has nothing to do with anything that happened on screen. It is just a cheap thriller where the actors are overacting. I mean, even the opening scene where they meet the characters, the acting is so stupid and the dialogue so clunky that the audience could hardly make out what was happening. There is no suspense in this film.  The problem is that the film was made for a different reason. It was a big deal in the late 80's and early 90's. The idea was that a film would be made about a murder that had just happened. The murderer was not seen in a timely manner and the film would give the viewer a better idea about what happened to the murderer.  If this film had been made 20 years earlier, the story would have been much better. The killer was known to the audience before the film even started, and the movie would have looked much better and the acting much better (in my opinion). I think this film should be left alone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to like this movie. But, when I saw that it's based on a popular Japanese novel, I immediately began to dislike it. First of all, I'm a bit baffled by the whole concept of an American movie based on an Japanese novel. I thought it would be more appropriate to make a Japanese-themed version of this book, like the American version of "The Windup Girl". However, that was never the case with "The Book of Perfection", because "The Dark Knight" and "The Mask of Zorro" have their own respective interpretations of the Japanese novel "The Tale of the Bamboo Cutter".  The plot is so poor that I could have made it up as I went along. The whole thing just felt forced. I've seen movies with better plots than this one. And even worse, the acting is so bad that I would have felt even more cheated if I hadn't read the book.  If you're interested in seeing an American version, "The Secret Garden", or "The Return", will be more entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is basically a giant infomercial with very little plot, dialogue or direction. I had the same problem with "Star Trek" and "Empire Strikes Back" that I have with "The Avengers."  The script is a little too long, the directing is terrible, the acting is atrocious and the ending is pretty weak. It's not like there are really many plot twists or anything, so the movie would've been interesting if the movie had a real plot. The story is pretty basic. The only thing I dislike about this movie is the fact that the actors all wear the same clothes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so bad that it was actually funny. Not even the director was laughing during most of the scenes. The acting was awful, the plot was bad and the acting was so awful that it didn't even matter. It just wasn't funny.  I didn't care much about the story and I didn''t care much for the acting either. I just found the movie very annoying. I would have given it a 1 if I could have rated it lower. It was awful.  The only redeeming quality was the humor and I really don't know how they could have done without it.  If you want a film to be funny, do not go see this film. It will be boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought that the script was a little bit lame and that the character was a bit too wooden, but the animation was good. But I can't explain how the movie ended up with such an abysmal score, and how it made a total mess of the whole thing.  And the voice-overs? I'm sorry, but that was the only part of the movie that didn't seem like it had been done on purpose. I mean, what's the point in talking about a cartoon character when they're just gonna sound like they're talking to a character from the cartoon?  I mean... what's wrong with that?  The movie was not enjoyable at all, but it was at least entertaining, which is at least more than can be said for most movies nowadays.  In any case, I'd recommend not watching this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very boring, unoriginal and uninteresting. It is very slow, has a lot of repetition and is a very predictable story. It's just like a lot in this series. It has all the hallmarks of a boring and predictable movie, and the ending doesn't make sense. This movie does not even qualify as an average B movie. It just made me want to throw it out. The plot doesn't even make sense at all. I'm sure that if you want to make a B movie, you don't need to make it boring. This is just a waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never been impressed by the movie that has been in my opinion made a bit of an impression. It was so awful I had to put it down and give it a chance. This was the first time I've ever been really pissed off by a bad film. The only thing I liked was the story line, but the acting was awful. The guy who plays the detective is the only good actor in the whole movie. He was very unlikable and boring to watch. I can't believe they even put him in a movie that he was in. The movie is so devoid of any emotion, it's as if the entire movie was made for a guy who hates movies. There was no plot to speak of. The characters were completely pointless. I cannot believe they were in this movie for this reason.  If they would have spent more time developing their characters and giving the movie a decent story line the movie would have been better. I give it an 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was so stupid. Why did they even make this film? It was absolutely pointless. If the writer had not been so desperate to have the audience believe that his movie was about a lost group of American soldiers, the movie would have been much more entertaining. I think that if the film was a true story, they would have kept the film going for hours and hours and have the characters talking about the events that were happening around them (as they actually happened). The plot is so completely lacking in story that it's hard to understand what the point of the film is, if the filmmakers didn't want to make an excuse for their lack of story. I'm not sure how this is even considered a movie. How can you even consider a movie without any story? The film has such a terrible story that the audience is forced to stay riveted on the screen because they just don't care if the movie was actually filmed. I could have left the movie as soon as it was over, but instead I sat there and watched until the credits were over and I was completely bored.  I don't know if it was worth it, but I would rather not waste any more time on a film that could not have been more than 15 minutes longer. It's not a bad film, it's just not a good one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, a film with a plot and a few good bits of humor, is awful. The movie is not funny in the least bit and the acting is bad at best. There is nothing funny in this movie. The only thing I liked was that there was some music. But the movie was so bad that I couldn't even make it through the movie! I really wanted to laugh, but I just couldn't.  This is not a good movie to watch, it is awful! I'm just going to stick with what I saw, because it's a lot of fun to see a movie that was so badly made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of hours of a couple of minutes of nothing more than a bunch of guys yelling over the radio are all that was necessary to create this movie. There's no real story or reason for the characters to be involved, so the movie is just a bunch more yelling.  This movie is very much like any other action flick made in Japan in the 1980s and 1990s. There are explosions, a buncha cool weapons and cool martial arts moves, and lots of bad guys who are basically interchangeable with each other.  The only difference is the fact that this movie was made in 1994, when martial arts movies were still very popular. I think there are some good martial arts films from the early 80s and 90s out there. I just wish they were better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked the original, you will likely enjoy this one as it does not have the same flair or charm.  This film is very much like the "I've Been There" series. A man (William Hurt) is in his early thirties, has some problems with a bad ex-girlfriend and a bad boss. He is a fairly well-dressed guy who dresses up in suits, but he doesn't know the difference between them. He also lives in a trailer.  There are very few jokes and the humor just isn't very funny. The movie is so forgettable that I cannot imagine it ever getting made.  The only thing I can think of is that it would have been much better if it had been called "I'll Be There". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My favorite TV show was Buffy The Vampire Slayer.  I have never seen the show, but I read the books and watched the movies. I watched the movie in high school and didn't really like it until I saw it on DVD. It was a very slow, lame and boring movie.  It was also very expensive. The director, Richard A. DeMeo, had a great talent, but it was in the past and had been done so many times before. It could have been a great TV movie, but not an average TV movie. It is an example of a director who tries to do the same thing over and over again. The only thing that was good was the music, which I have always thought was very cheesy. The other movies I saw that weren't great were: Gremlins 2, 3 and 4. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very long movie with the story of two brothers, who are each obsessed with one of their brothers. The brothers do not get along. After being caught, the brother(s) start killing each other. I thought the movie was very slow and a waste of time. I just wanted to watch the brothers and they were so boring I did not care about the story anymore. The plot was really stupid. I think it was supposed to be a romantic story but the actors were not in the right mood.  The actors acted a lot like idiots in the beginning and then slowly became more and more stupid and boring. It was very weird. I really hated the "brothers" and I think they should have done the movie as it is. They should have made it about a guy who is obsessed with his brother. That way it would have been less boring.    It is not worth watching and I would never recommend this movie. It is just a waste and there is nothing else to do except to get rid of the DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe it's been 10 years since I watched this film, and I was still thinking about it when I finished watching it. I just sat on my couch, and watched the video for an hour and a half.  The acting was so poor, that it made the acting on the TV look better. The writing was bad. The dialogue was bad, and so was the cinematography.  I'm sure I'll never see a good movie in my life like this one. It's a waste of time, and a waste to spend money on it. It was so bad, that I could not get through it at all. I can see a person get through this film and it would be OK. This film made me hate the movies of Paul Verhoeven, John Carpenter, and James Cameron. If you want to see an average horror film, then I suggest you stay away from this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really just a rehash of an old show, but in a completely different setting. It is not even remotely a movie, but rather a rerun. I would like to see this film for a few bucks, but if you want to see a show, just see an old movie called "The Three Stooges".  There is not much that is even remotely entertaining in this film, save for the scenes where the Stooged are talking about movies, and how they know all about movies. The Stoogers are really nothing more than a bunch of drunk guys that get drunk on beer and don't know how to act like adults.   I give it an average score of 2 out of 10. If you're looking for a good drunk movie, go watch a movie called, "The Dead Pool". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film contains a lot of bad jokes that go nowhere, and the ending is a very anticlimax. The acting is bad, the cinematography is dull, and there's just too much wasted energy. And it really doesn't make sense.  If you like action and don't care about being able to tell a story, you will find this movie an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely awful. I can't believe they allowed this film to be made. I have never felt so poorly treated in my life. The only thing I can say for this movie is that it looks and feels like a real, low budget horror film. It just isn't the way you would expect to make a low budget movie for an award-winning film company like Paramount. I could give this film 10/10 but I don't want to. It has a lot of really bad jokes and bad acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is probably the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. It is so bad and it has nothing to offer but a whole bunch of jokes that are so stupid, the audience has to laugh about them. I can't believe that a group of people spent the money to rent it. It has no story or characters, it is just the director and the actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My first thought on seeing this movie was, how could someone so poor get to the Oscars, I mean come on. I mean, the director is a black man.  The acting was terrible. The editing was poor. And most of all, the story line was boring. A few things got my attention, but the rest of the movie was an embarrassment. I don't know how the hell this film was made. I really hope I'll see this movie when it's in the theater again.  I can't even begin to explain how I felt when watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character is a total dork with no redeeming qualities at all. He is so shallow that I actually laughed at him during a joke in a joke. The script is horrible, the dialogue is so cliche, and the acting is just awful. The only redeeming factor is the plot which could have been better. However, the fact that it is just so boring is all the more depressing. The acting is poor too, which is something I do not expect from this film. The movie is filled with so much filler and so little action that it just goes on and on. The story doesn't even have any suspense at all, which means that if the characters were able to pull it off, it would have been a decent film.  The movie ends just like it began, and after the credits rolled, I didn't know whether to cry or laugh. If you are looking for a comedy with a few laughs, this movie is not for you. However if you are a comedy junkie, I would suggest that you stay away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a nice, upbeat, uplifting, "life-changing" movie about a positive and positive movie: this one is the opposite of that. It's really depressing. There are no uplifting moments. It is a typical, boring, low budget, low production values, mediocre directorial, low-budget, low art direction, low sound, low special effects, low script, and low acting.  The story was interesting, but it was only a minor distraction from the boringness of the movie. The characters are wooden, and their dialog is predictable. And the ending is totally unsatisfying.   The only redeeming feature of this movie is the actors who are talented and give their characters an honest and believable voice, and the supporting cast who are not bad. But these are only redeemable, if you like to see the actors acting and not just making things up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an attempt at a film-turned-TV series with a few twists. The characters are not even remotely likable, nor are the plotlines interesting. The only reason this is a film is to get people to spend money on the DVD release. However, what a waste of money. It is a poor attempt at an hour-long soap, but worse than "The Naked Gun" or "Beverly Hills 90210." The actors are the worst. The director was an idiot and should be fired. The cinematography is terrible, and the editing is worse. The music is OK, but nothing to write home about.  The worst thing about "The House of the Dead" is the fact that they didn't put any of the actors in their own clothes. It would have been much better to have them all in their regular clothes and the same props and set.  This isn't the worst thing that I've ever seen. It's a waste. I can't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed to find out that there were so many "horrible" things in this film. But it turns out that all the terrible things that were in the movie are just what they sounded like, so they can't be considered really bad. The best thing about this movie is that it is not really a horror movie. It is a comedy about a man who decides to become a "real" horror movie director. The movie is about the man making a film about how "horror" movies have gotten out of hand and become "too much". All of the horrible things in the film are actually just horrible things that happen in the movies, which I think is a big mistake.  I did not even finish the movie because I just found out that this was not a real horror movie (the only thing I can say is that I found out what really happened in it). But if you are interested in seeing it, then I would recommend to you to go to a horror film club and watch them. But don't tell me that it's a horror. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this film, and I just can't believe it. It's just so horrible, I can't even think how anyone could like it. I think the idea was cool, but the execution was so terrible. The acting was terrible, and the storyline is so dull. I was watching this on the DVD and I was just laughing my ass off. I wish I could give it a 1/10. This film is so terrible, I don't even know what the hell it was.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was boring, predictable and even in parts, a bit predictable. I found it a little too predictable and I'm not sure what I was expecting. I mean, it seemed to be set up in advance, and then just rushed through the events. In some cases, there was just too much action for it to make sense, and that wasn't really a positive thing. I guess the story was interesting, and the movie had some moments of real tension, but not enough to really build up to a satisfying conclusion. The only good thing I can say about this movie was the ending, and I think it would have been better if they had never told the audience the ending.  I was hoping for a little more drama, and it really wasn't that much. The actors were all fairly dull, but it's hard to complain about a movie that just wasn't very good. I'd give this movie a 2/10, not a bad, but a below average movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe I spent an hour of my life watching this crap.  In an effort to bring you guys a positive review about something good, I'll try to be fair and give a positive rating. The movie is filled with terrible acting, and it is also full of annoying characters. It was pretty entertaining, but I didn't really care for it. It's just not a good movie.  The movie opens with a guy trying to steal a girl's purse and he's trying to kill the girl's boyfriend because he's in the middle of a fight with the girl. When the girl is murdered, the guy says he's going to kill her boyfriend, but he's stopped by the police.  I think that this movie should have been called "Bitch in the Bitch in Her Bitch" or "Bash in the Bash in Her Bash" or something like that. It would have been much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been watching "The Sixth Sense" since it came out on DVD. I watched it twice. I didn't like it.  This is the third time it has been mentioned in my life. And I know that many of you have seen it. But I can't say that "The Six Sense" was a bad film. I just can't believe that the filmmakers were capable of making a film of such a low quality. This is one of the worst films I have ever seen. I can say that the only thing worse than this film is the movie "Eddie in the Rain." I think it's just a horrible waste of time. I was hoping that the movie would be better than that, but I guess not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame that such a bad film was made, but then again, it is made by a major studio and I suppose the money it cost to make it would have been more than enough to hire actors. In fact, they could have just hired the people that the movie was supposed to star. In a world where it is possible to hire a TV crew and have them travel all over the world to make a TV movie, why bother with this one? A lot of the actors in this movie were just very bad, and I don't know how the studio can justify having paid them. Perhaps this movie was made as a promotional stunt to get the film out of the country, but it really wasn't a great way to promote a film.  The story itself was not particularly original, but I did like that it showed what happened to the people who were in the hotel in Japan. However, the movie had a really weird opening and closing. For example, they all go to the beach but the beach is deserted and all the tourists are gone! The movie would have made more sense if the characters were in Tokyo, where the real tourists would be.  I was actually quite disappointed by this film, but after I read the other negative review I got more excited and tried to see it again. I think that this film should have been made into a "Shameful Movie" instead of "Shocked Movie". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I saw this movie in the late 70's and early 80's. The movie was made by Robert Stroud, a producer for Paramount Pictures who, like most directors, wanted to do the exact opposite of what was expected. He wanted to make a "good" movie and, at the same time, take chances. However, the movie was so bad that I'm not even able to write anything positive about it. I cannot believe that such a movie can be made today. How could it be that such an idea could have been made in the 70's? My wife did not like it. And, at this point, I don't blame her. It was a horrible film. I watched it with my son and I was in the theater for the last time.  It made no sense. I'm surprised that it was made at all. It is absolutely pointless.  I have watched every other movie that was made in this style (like "Sneaky Pete" and "Little Shop of Horrors") and I have never seen a movie like this. The idea is totally stupid and I can't understand why the producer made it. Why? I don't know. Why did this movie make it into the history books? It is just a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If there was one movie that made me cry when I was young and naive I don't know what it was, but this movie has to be in the top five.  This movie should have been called "Screwed Up" and was made for a 9 year old boy. It's like a kid playing with a hammer. The action is very predictable and the dialogue is really hard to understand, not to mention that there's no real plot.  I would like to be able to say that the movie is funny, but it's just a lot of trashy, sad, and uninteresting action that makes you want to leave as soon as possible. I saw the movie with my wife and she hated it!  I wish the original series had been made into an action/comedy, because that was actually kind of funny and the story was very funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the trailer for this and thought it looked interesting but when I went to see it in person it was a horrible film. It was not even close to the quality of the movie in the trailer. The acting was bad, the story was poorly executed, and the plot was so far removed from the book. This is the worst adaptation I've ever seen. The book is one of the best I've read. This movie isn't even worth 1/10 in my book.   The book was published in 2000 and the movie was made in 2008. It's not just a bad adaptation, but it's the worst excuse for a movie I've seen in a long time.  I just want to warn people about this movie. The movie is just so awful that it's scary. If you like bad movies and movies you can't watch, then don't watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen some bad movies in the past, but I don't think I've ever seen a movie this bad. There is so much wrong with this film that I can't even begin to describe it. I know that this movie was made in 1998, but to think that this was actually made then is ludicrous. The actors are absolutely horrible, and they give you the impression that they don't care about the movie they made. They talk about everything that happened in the movie as if they are still actors, and it makes you wonder how they are able to do such awful movies. I guess this movie just didn't do well at the box office because the story was terrible. The acting was bad, the plot was terrible, and the story wasn't really that interesting. All in all, I think that a lot of people made this movie because they wanted to see the acting talent in the film, and not because they thought it was a good movie. This movie was awful. I can honestly say that I saw the movie and got bored. This could have been one of the worst movies ever made, and I would recommend that no one ever watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been following this film for years now and it's just gotten worse over time. I don't think it's a director or a producer's fault, I just think it came down to a bad script, bad direction, and bad directionals. There's nothing good about it.  I don a couple of quotes from the script which really make it seem like the script was written by a 14 year old. "But what's it like?" You ask. "It's like being in a coma and you can't even remember the difference between what you ate and what you drank." The movie tries to give the viewer a hint of what the movie is going to be like. It has some great ideas, but they're buried under the same layer of crap we all come to expect from this film. It should be a great film, but it's not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've watched the video of this movie so many times, and it just never got better. Every time I watched it, I felt like I was watching a poorly made comedy that I couldn't understand, and I hated every second of it.  I hate this movie. I think that there was a reason that the director thought it was such a great idea to make it into a short film, and when I saw the short, I thought that it was a great comedy. But in all honesty, I think it's just terrible. The only reason that I'm watching it again is that I saw it once again after I was unable to understand it the first time, and now I am going to see it again, and that is all I can do. I'm not a huge fan of comedy. I would like to see more movies with more serious content, but this is the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to imagine what's so wrong with this film other than the fact that it's so poorly made. The only thing that makes it entertaining is the "predictable" ending, which is not really predictable at all.  It would have been a good idea if they had put more emphasis on the setting and atmosphere in the story, but then it would be hard to understand what the film is trying to say. It would seem to me that this would have made it a more interesting film, if it wasn't so poorly acted, which was the case with the majority of the actors. The best thing about it, is that it has the word "Titan" in it, which really is a waste of space in a movie like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been a huge fan of "The Matrix" since I was 10, and "The Dark Knight" when it came out, and the "The Empire Strikes Back" when I was 15. I don't think I've ever seen a movie so bad it didn't get a DVD release. The only good part was that I didn't have to wait until the end to see it. But that's all I got. It's just not worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a disappointment.  I saw it twice and got nothing from it. It was like watching an amateur film made for YouTube, and the footage was horrible. The voice acting was awful, and there was no story to speak of. There was no character development whatsoever. The story was completely predictable. I didn't know who was supposed to be the good guy and who was the bad guy. All of it made absolutely no sense, and even if I could understand it, it still wasn't worth watching. I thought that the camera crew should have been hired to do more than just film people getting up and talking on the phone. There are worse things you can do in life than watch a movie that makes you feel stupid, like when you get drunk and can't remember how you got drunk. But the movie is a waste of time. You won't care about it, and it won't make you think.   Don't bother watching it, unless you like cheesy horror movies where the hero has to fight and save the world, and has no idea how to get there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just as un-funny as the original and it shows up just as late as it did in the original.  It's just plain boring, and this is one of the worst movies ever made. This movie could have been made for $1,000,000 or $1.5 million.   This is a great idea if you want to get your friends to watch movies without spending money, but you'll be bored, because there is no entertainment value to be had.  The only good thing about this movie is that it is funny in the trailer, but when you actually watch it, you will find it has nothing to do with the original story and you will hate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that this movie is so bad, that I'm not sure I'll ever be able to see another movie this bad again. The movie starts off promisingly enough, and even has some great music in the first few minutes. It has some nice visuals and looks good. But it's just too bad. The actors don't even seem to be trying. I've seen them work in other movies, but they weren't even remotely close to the level of this movie. The whole movie looks like it was made with a bunch of people who had watched a few hours of Disney animated movies and thought that they were supposed to be able do a movie like this.  There's one moment where I think the movie has a chance to be good, because there's a nice shot of the moon going down into a black hole, but it totally falls flat and just looks boring. I know that there are movies that are this bad, but I can't remember any where I've ever seen a movie where the movie looked so terrible that the actors were just giving it away.  This movie looks awful. It's a shame, because it could have been a pretty good movie. But that's what we have to expect when you try to do a low budget animated movie without any real talent involved. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie at the theater, and it was so disappointing. The actors sounded so fake, I felt like I was watching some kind of low budget horror film, and they did not make much effort to make the story come to life. The movie was so predictable and had little to no suspense. The script is not even the best part of the movie. The director had no idea what he was doing. I feel as though this is a wasted opportunity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for the first time last night. It was so terrible that I had to take it back. I was not expecting the rating.  The actors were not good. I didn't know how they were going to do with their voices and they were all terrible. This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I would recommend that you not rent this movie and only watch it when you want to watch bad movies. It has some pretty decent actors.  It's okay. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen. There's not much plot, not much scares and just one or two decent actors. This is the first horror film I've seen where the camera was not always on point. There was no suspense, no tension and nothing to keep me from going to the bathroom. This film would have made a really good B-Movie. There were two characters that seemed to have personalities that weren't in sync. The one thing I liked about the film was the sound effects. The sound of an engine, the sound of blood, and the sound from a gunshot were all over the place.  I gave it a 2 out of 10. I wish I could've been there with my parents. I thought it was a waste of a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just another example of the "Dumb Movie" that has become the norm. It was actually released in 1997 and it was directed by Chris Morris. That means it was made before the rise of such awful "Boring Movies". It is an embarrassment to all those who worked on it.  The characters are extremely bland and the story line is predictable.  It's a shame because Chris Morris has some very interesting ideas, but sadly his films never get to be anything more than an "everyday" thing.   There is no sense of a plot, there is no real sense of the characters or their relationship, and it is so devoid of any sense of humor that it's not funny at all.  Just another example that the "Boredom Movie" has become. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a reason why this movie never received any awards, and why it has since been made into a DVD. The film is completely devoid of substance, and has a rather stilted and awkward feel to it. The actors are all underwhelming, and there's little to interest anyone. Even when the plot is compelling, it's completely overshadowed by the utterly shallow performances. The script, however, is good, but the performances of the cast make it worse. It's basically a bunch of people playing a bunch different characters who are all equally uninteresting.  The problem is that this film has such a bad reputation for being an amateurish work, so people will buy it because it looks good. The only people who bought this film are people who enjoy amateurish movies. I don't think this film deserves an award, and I'm not sure it deserves even a DVD release. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is one of the worst in the history of cinema. I was hoping for a movie that looked like it had actually been made. Instead, it is a low-budget B-movie. You will be sorry if you buy a copy. If you want to see a low budget B-movies, this is not one. However, the DVD is a fun way to see how people made this film. The script is unbelievable. The acting is not great. I think it was done in the early 1980s. I don't know if it was directed by James Bond. I am not sure.  If you enjoy low-brow B-film, this isn't the film for you. If the worst of B-films are a little less entertaining than this, then this is the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie itself is really not worth talking about. I have seen this movie at a couple of different times. Some of the actors are really bad. I was watching it on DVD and it didn't even hold up to DVD standards at all.  The story is not believable at all and I was really confused as to what the movie was trying to say. The ending is just as disappointing as the first half of the movie. The plot was totally off.  Overall, the movie is a very disappointing waste of time and energy.  I really hope this movie is not released anywhere else. If you want to see a bad film, go buy a bad horror movie: that's what it's called. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins with a young boy having a strange dream, where he becomes possessed by an evil demon. After his father discovers this, he kills the boy's mother, in an attempt to save his own life, but the demon gets him anyway.  The rest of the movie is basically just the plot from the first half of the story, and the characters don't even make any sense. The boy is supposed to be possessed by a demon, but he doesn't look like he's got one. There's no actual monsters, and there's no supernatural element to the movie. There are no demonic creatures that have the power to turn people into monsters, the boy is never possessed by anything, and he never kills anyone.  I could see that if the filmmakers had done their job, the movie would have at least been worth watching. The story was bad, and it had a lot of issues that ruined the movie, and I think that was probably the main reason why the movie failed to make the box office. It's a real shame because I really wanted to like this movie. I think the director's attitude was completely out of touch with the audience. It was clearly trying to make a horror movie with a bunch of kids, and that's just not how horror movies are supposed to work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the synopsis and saw the preview for this, but I didn't think I would actually watch the film, because I wasn't very familiar with the movie itself. But, I was not disappointed. The movie was extremely disappointing. There was absolutely no story to the movie, and none of the actors could act convincingly.  There was also no special effects in the movie. I'm not really familiar with CGI or special effects, so I can't comment on whether it looked realistic. I mean, I've seen a lot of computer-generated movies in my time, but the movie was just completely stupid. There were just so many things that could have been done better. The only time I could think of something that was believable was when the characters were talking to each other. I just felt like I was watching a bad TV movie, so the movie wasn't much fun.  And, in case anyone is wondering, I actually don't think it was as bad as the movie's title. I would have liked it better if the movie had been about a different subject, but it really did nothing for me. I really didn't care at all for the movie as a whole. It just didn't make me want to watch it again. I found it so bad that I even missed the chance to see the movie on DVD.  If you want to see a terrible movie, then you can check out the trailer on YouTube. If you don't want to waste your time, then I would say to steer clear of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just came across this film and it made me very angry. I have not seen this film before. I don't know what happened. What is the point of a film that is only in 2 parts? It seems that they are making money from it. And they are doing it to make a quick buck. They are not trying to make it a film worth seeing, they are just trying to get a paycheck.  I was so disappointed that I have to leave a negative rating about a movie. I am sorry I have seen it. I would recommend people to avoid this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got a copy of this DVD from my family member who bought it for me as a Christmas gift. The video was so horrible I couldn't figure out how to turn it off, it would keep playing and play all the way through. I've never been able to figure out if it was the DVD or the DVD player, I have a Toshiba in my bedroom and it doesn't seem to be able to play this crap, so I assume it's a Toshibi. I just wish it was at least watchable, I just spent the entire movie watching it from start to finish. I would like to think that if it were to be given a score, it wouldn't have been this low.  If anyone else has some suggestions on what I can do to fix this, I'd be grateful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is very weak and very predictable. The ending is stupid and very disappointing. The movie is full of stupid, boring and predictable scenes. This is a very poor attempt to do a low budget, low budget sci-fi film. This movie should have been made in the 1980's, not 1985. The acting is so-so, but the special effects look horrible. It is a waste of money.  The ending could have been avoided if the movie was set in a different time period.   The movie also makes you wonder what happened to the actress who was in it. How could she leave such a great, but terrible movie and be cast in the next "Star Trek" movie? How could the actors change actors? Is there no one left to work in the movie industry? I am very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is so poorly made, the plot is so weak and the acting so weak that I cannot believe that this is what Hollywood thinks is a good film. I was expecting some great story line or something, but I was so disappointed that I didn't get anything at all. The only thing that I can remember was that they had an actual tiger, but it was a tiger with the head of a bear. I don't know what kind of story they were trying to tell, but they were obviously making a very lame attempt to do a Hollywood-style film.  This is the only reason that I gave this a 1/10 rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A strange film with the most ridiculous and unbelievable plot line I have ever seen in my life.  A man and his brother get married in the middle of the woods where all the women die.  It is so awful and uninteresting that it was made to be so and that was its purpose. But even though the film is so utterly dull, the actors are actually funny and it doesn't make the story seem funny to anyone. In fact, I laughed so hard that I almost threw up on the screen.  The ending was incredibly stupid and made no sense. Why did it have to end like that? There were other things in the movie that were stupid and that are still in the theaters. I give this film a D minus. The story could have been better but it didn't deserve a C. The acting was awful and that's why the film deserved an F. The ending made no real sense to me, I'm sure that you would agree. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a world full of people who can't tell good from bad, this is a case where the film just makes you wish that they would have just made the movie itself! If you've never heard of it, you are probably just looking for a cheap film to watch and you can get it for free.  If you like films where people are just not that great at their jobs and their lives just seem to be wasted by the rest of the world, then this is the movie for you. This is a waste of time, a waste to the lives of anyone involved, and a waste that is a little embarrassing. I'm sorry, but I really do believe that this should have been made in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wish I could give this movie a 1, but there is really only 1. So if you can, please watch this movie. It's just as bad as the last 2 I've seen.  This movie does not even make any sense. It is just one big boring movie. I can understand that in a way, I can forgive the fact that it's not as good as those movies. However, it should have been at least 10 times as bad.  I saw the first 3 movies before this one and was actually disappointed with how they were made.  The characters were completely uninteresting, the plot was terrible and there was no story at all. It had a ridiculous ending and it had absolutely nothing to do with the movie's title.  Even the title was not accurate. It was not a sequel, but a "movie" with a new director (who actually made the original 3 movies, so don't even try to tell me otherwise). The original 3 made better movies than this movie, so why did they do this? I know this is a horror movie, but I was just so disappointed with it.  And it should be noted that the original director, James Wan (also the director of "The Conjuring", "Scary Movie", "Slumber Party") was replaced by a director named Mike Flanagan. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not the biggest fan of 'Criminal Minds' and, in fact, this movie did not do much to make me like them.  However, this is an incredibly lame attempt at a cop show. I do not believe this show is good. It is very predictable, boring and doesn't have a lot of story to tell. There is no suspense and it really doesn't make sense at all. It feels like a bad attempt at being a cop shows, which is a real shame. It would be nice if they made a better effort. The only thing that was good about this movie was the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I can say is that this movie is so slow and the plot is so predictable that it's almost impossible to make out the characters or what's going on. It's so slow that I could have written this review without even seeing the movie! What a waste of time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the whole movie was a little predictable. The movie starts out very slow and it just got worse and worse.  After about an hour or two I just started to feel bored and I couldn't really care about anything else.  And the script, it just didn't make any sense. There was a couple of great lines, and the one I loved was when the character is getting a big load of cocaine and he looks up and he sees his wife in the mirror and he's not seeing her. He has to ask himself, "How much of this am I willing to accept?" And he's thinking, "I'm not willing to go any further. If I don't go any more I'll go to hell and all the way down the rabbit hole of the movie." The movie was so boring and so predictable that I couldn'T even care if the movie was really funny or not. I just thought it was going to be a very depressing and depressing movie with very little humor.  I would have liked to see some of the plot lines and the character development, but it just seemed like they had taken the story and just shoved it into a movie.  Overall, it's just a really terrible movie. I'm not sure how I'm going to sit down to watch it again. I'll probably just watch it on YouTube, but I can't watch it in public. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a sad movie. It has no story to speak of.  The acting was weak, the story was a bit off and the acting was so bad it was almost unbearable. It made me think I was watching some of the worst movies ever made. The whole movie was just too slow and it was so dull I didn't even want to watch the credits and just let the movie end. I don't think anyone was even trying to do anything in this movie. The director, the writer, the actors, even the sound engineer were just wasted.  I thought this movie was about a woman who was in a mental hospital and had some sort of mental illness. The story was so far off the mark that I thought the director and writer had never even read the book and were just writing this movie off of it. This is probably the worst movie I've ever seen.  If you want to see something that is supposed to be interesting, watch something like "The Big Sleep", but stay away from this one. This movie is just boring and stupid and you'll be bored watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a remake of "The Crippled Swimmers".  This film features all the same elements from that film and worse. This film was made in 1990, when the internet was not as accessible as it is now. This is really a sad commentary on the state of our society. How sad is that we need to resort to the internet to get our entertainment?  If this film was as good as the first one, then the Internet would be all around us and there would be no need for a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of the action scenes are really boring, and the story is so shallow, I didn't really care about anything. All the characters are so stupid and devoid of personality. The story has nothing to do with the plot, it is so unbelievable that it's almost unbelievable. The film itself is very short, it could easily have been longer.  The story and cinematography were so poor, I actually felt like the director didn't care about the movie at all. The characters are not believable. There's nothing that will make you care about what happens to them. They just don't have any personality at all, and there's no reason for the plot to happen. The ending is so predictable, you can predict it from the beginning and have no problem at all with it. The movie's entire story and direction seem like they were made in an afternoon. The only redeeming quality is the song "The Little Engine That Could", but that's all you can do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was shocked when I first saw this movie, but I don't know why. I've seen some really good movies, but this one just seemed so weird.  I didn't know how this movie was made and I didn;t want to watch it, so I watched it again, and then watched it some more. The plot didn't make any sense and I was frustrated all the time. This movie just made me feel like the characters weren't in the story. And then I got it. The characters were never in the movie. It was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Tears Of A Clown" is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The story was predictable and the story was dull. The clown was a terrible character. There was nothing interesting about the story. The acting was terrible, the special effects were pretty bad, and the overall picture was nothing but a bunch of people screaming.  I thought that if the clown died, it would make the film better. However, it did not. The whole film had the feeling of a slapstick comedy. The characters are all one-dimensional and it is hard to feel any emotion. I can't even imagine how someone can do a film like this. If you are a person who can't enjoy a bad film, you need to look somewhere else.   I have seen worse films and I thought "Towers" was the worst of them. This movie was much worse. The script was too long, the acting was too low, and all the jokes were predictable. This film is basically the same plot, only it was much more annoying and had much less humour. I don't recommend it at all, except if you are sick of bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Gemini-like movie" stars a cast of unknowns in a few films. The stars are Paul Giamatti (he was in "The Passion of the Christ" and "The Dead"), James Caan, Chris O'Donnell, and James Woods. This is the first time I've seen this movie. I give it a 2/10.  I found the plot a little lame. In the beginning it seems like the plot is supposed to be a mix of "The Matrix" and sci-fi. That's not really the case. There is no space ship and no ray gun. There are no aliens or robots. The only reason I can give it this low rating is because it's an action thriller. That is not the case in this movie!  "The Gemini-like Movie" doesn't have much of a story. It just jumps from one action sequence to another without any kind of build-up or a story to speak of. The actors don't have anything to say about the plot either.  This movie is nothing more than a bunch of guys who can't act. Giamatt is good as G, O'Connell is okay as G. Woods and Caan is OK as G's father. However, I give them the lowest rating for this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director, Mike Cairn, has made no good movies in the last twenty years. This movie just isn't funny. It's got a bad plot, bad acting and terrible direction.  It's just a bunch of shots and lines that don't make sense and are never in the right place. It has a buncha pointless characters and an unnecessary ending. If you want to see a badly acted, poorly directed and poorly written movie - don't watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is really bad. The movie seems to have been filmed in an atmosphere of complete chaos. I can't see what the movie was trying to achieve, and it seemed to have gone off the rails somewhere around the third act. The plot seems to be driven more by the actors than the story. And it seems like the actors were having their own versions of what the story was supposed to be. One thing is certain. You will never find another movie that has as much wasted time as this one. It's not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is absolutely dreadful. The acting, the direction and the script are all terrible. The entire plot is completely contrived, pointless and boring. The only thing that kept me going was the fact that this is probably the only movie ever made about a "lost" movie: "Lost In Space".  If you are looking for a good alien movie, go for a horror movie instead. "Lost in Space" is probably better. This movie is just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the worst of the "Beverly Hills" movies. And I'm a Beverly Hills native. This is the first "Bobby the Bean" movie that I ever watched.  "Bond" fans and Hollywood fans alike may want to view this movie, but the "Dumb & Dumber" fans will not. This movie is a total waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was one of the most boring movies I've seen in a long time. The story line was lame and the acting was not believable at all. I thought the acting talent was terrible. The acting was so wooden that I was wondering how they could make the actors look so good on stage. The direction was so slow that I wondered how they were able to get the camera moving fast enough to capture the action. The plot was so stupid that it could have been made into a sitcom. I wish the actors had gotten paid for this crap. The only thing I really enjoyed about this was the opening scene when a young boy is playing with a gun and he shoots it right at a girl in the background. But then it cuts back to a kid's TV and the scene is totally different.  If you are looking for a mindless, predictable movie, you will get a bad grade. But if you are a fan of this type of crap, don't waste your time on this one. Just enjoy the cheap thrill and avoid the horror movies where a kid kills his parents or girlfriend or whatever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it was a good idea to buy this movie and I'm really disappointed. The story has some interesting ideas, but the acting is so bad that you will laugh in disgust. There is no reason for this movie except to get more money from their advertisers. This is a low budget, poorly made movie that you don't want to watch because it looks like it was made by a low level director who didn't have any money to make it. This movie is not worth your time. It is simply awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read all the rave reviews and watched all the comments. I know they must have made their money somehow, and I just can't fathom how they made it.  There's no humor, there's no story, there are no character development, it's just so devoid of plot and characterization that it's hard to imagine what it was supposed to be. I have to say it was quite entertaining and that I had to watch it twice to make sure I hadn't missed anything, but the whole thing just seemed so rushed and awkward. The only reason I can understand why they made a sequel, is that they were so far ahead of their own timetable that they had no choice.  It would be far better to have it as a one-off video, that would give you a few laughs, rather than as a full-length feature.  I can't say I'm disappointed, but I would never recommend it. I'm not sure it could have been made with better talent. I just don't understand how someone made a movie where I didn't even feel like they were trying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just a very low-budget, poorly acted, and not really believable flick. The script and characters were so ridiculous that you wonder why they even bothered to put it together. It was just plain, uninspired, and predictable. The acting was, at times, extremely irritating. And the direction was so terrible that you have to wonder how much money was actually wasted on it. The special effects were, at best, tolerable. And they were probably made with a tiny budget. I wouldn't waste your money on this. I would just stay away from it if you have no interest in the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this movie is about a man who kidnaps a girl for the sake of a ransom money. He's a thief. So, why would the girl's mother want to leave the house and go with this guy? Why would she not want to be with her husband and children? The whole movie is just a waste of time. I am not a big fan of horror movies, but the director was making a movie that he thought was going to be an interesting film. The problem was that he was using too many jump scares, and the story was too slow. I just wish the movie had been a few hours longer. I did not want this movie, and I would have preferred a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a total disappointment. The acting was really bad. The characters were so flat and predictable that they made the whole thing a chore to sit through. The story line was too predictable and uninteresting to care about it. The special effects were laughable. I mean, you could see a woman's eye in the sky in real life.  The movie didn't even try to hide its awful script by having "realistic" dialogs. All it did was try to be "real" by having actors who couldn't act at all.  I was hoping for a comedy where you could laugh at the stupid dialogs and the silly effects. This movie is exactly that. If you're going to watch a crappy movie that just doesn't have a point, at least watch a comedy.  This is just one more example of how awful Hollywood is at making movies. The only good thing about this movie is that it's a parody of a really good movie: the classic "Risky Business". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible film that has been made and made to a terrible end. I really hoped that this movie would have been better. But this is one of the worst horror films I have seen in a long time. It has some of the most disgusting scenes I have ever seen. It is so slow paced and stupidly directed.  If you are looking for a horror movie, you will find this film is a waste of your time. The acting is awful, and the script is a complete waste. The plot is predictable, the setting is clich, the gore is not scary. I give it a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an example of what a low budget Hollywood film is and how it can destroy a movie.  The idea behind this film was to portray a woman with a disability and her relationship with her father. The movie seemed to have a lot of potential, but unfortunately it fell short.  This film made it to the credits section and then quickly ended. I cannot even begin to express how badly the story was handled, and how poorly the movie portrayed the people in the movie. I found myself looking forward to watching the credits and wondering what was going to happen to the movie, until the credits were over.  What I really wanted to mention here was that the movie was directed by an unknown man, and the movie looked like a very amateur effort.  A film that could have been a great movie but ended up being a disappointment. This is a sad example of a movie that failed to get off the ground because it wasn't the most expensive movie available.  If you're going to make a film about a handicapped person and your main character is a woman, don't cast a man who looks like a "professional comedian" to direct the movie as your director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie for the first time on the B-movie channel on HBO. It's called "Kiss of Death" and I think it was a TV movie. I don't know, I just remember seeing it. I think the director was Chris O'Donnell. The plot is interesting, but the acting is awful. There is no way to look at the movie without getting an intense headache. If you're watching this movie, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so boring and pointless that I wanted to throw it in the trash can when I first watched it. I watched it once, and I'll give it another chance later, because I know I'll be bored by it. And then I saw it again. And again. I don't know if this was intended to be a comedy or a drama, but I think that it's probably more of a comedy. I'm really sorry that I wasted 20 minutes of my life watching this movie. I'll see it again, just to see how much time I spent watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely awful! It is so boring and unfunny, the characters have no personality and the whole movie seems to be made for a really cheap joke, which really makes no sense. The movie really doesn't make any sense. It's like one of those "you can only make this kind of movie with the director's money" kind of movies. I'm sure it would make a decent movie for a small group of friends, but I really wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone.  It makes no pretense that this is a comedy. It just seems like the director didn't really understand the comedy aspect of this film, and didn't care to learn. I give it a 1/10. I can't believe they made this garbage and made it so late at night, I'm surprised they made it at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just found out this film was released in the early 70's. I can't believe it. I was expecting to find out something good. I've seen a few of the classics such as "Halloween," "Hocus Pocus" and "The Shining," but I have to admit I'm surprised that this film could be considered such a failure. The plot is weak, the acting is sub-par and the visuals are so, so, weak. If you can find a copy of this film on DVD, PLEASE SHARE IT! I'll watch it in my garage, but I can see myself not liking it when I'm home alone.  I've never been a big fan of horror movies, but if you can't watch anything worth watching, don't even bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is just another excuse to watch bad movies: The main character is a boring, fat man who has a short temper, and has a habit of talking to himself. There is no humor or anything to keep this film interesting. The acting is bad.  It was very predictable. In the first few minutes, I was expecting the film to have a lot of fun with this guy. The story never changed. The ending was predictable and didn't really make a sense. The final episode had no redeeming value. The movie just seemed like it was made just to see how much of a fat guy this man could be. It's a waste of time.  I didn't care about the characters. It was just a waste. If you're looking for a fun movie to watch and don't care that it's terrible, watch the DVD. I don't know what was in the DVD or why it was so bad. I just thought I'd give it a rating lower than 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so poorly made that it is actually fun to watch the people (or the camera) trying to make it. The editing is very choppy, the story is terrible and the acting is absolutely awful. The only positive thing I can say about this movie is that I found the song "I'll Never Go Home" on Youtube and thought it was funny. The problem with this movie, as I see it, is that it makes absolutely no sense and the script is so confusing that it's just not possible to make any sense of it at all. The movie is over 80 minutes long, and it would have been far better to cut it down to around 10 or 15 minutes. The rest of the movie was just a bunch of stupid people acting as if they are so much better than everyone else that they are. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just about the worst movie I've ever seen.  The acting is awful, the movie is completely devoid of any kind of action or story, and it's just a total waste of time. There's not a single memorable moment. There are three (three!) scenes that were worth watching, and I just don't know if the viewer was even aware of them. The story is a complete mess, the story was completely predictable, and the entire movie was just so incredibly boring. I just felt like the whole movie sucked because it was just a huge mess.  It's just so terrible. It was just such a waste of money.  I'm not kidding when I say it was about the only movie I felt like I wasted money on. I mean, I spent like $1.50 to watch the movie, but I could have spent another $2.50 and still had the movie.  Just so sad. I feel so bad for anyone who watched this movie. I was hoping that this movie would get some kind of rating, because I can't even imagine what it could have been rated.  That's just how it was. I'm sure I could write a better review, but the best I can come up with is that it's awful. The only thing I can say for it is that I'm glad I spent my money on something that sucked.  If you're looking for a good movie: if you can't stand to see an 80-minute movie where the acting sucks, don't bother. This movie isn't even worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that this is a new remake of the classic "The Karate Kid". But I'm not a huge Karate kid fan (or Karate-kid fan) and this movie seemed like the only movie I saw last weekend that would be worth watching. This movie is about Karate fighting and the characters look like they are playing Karate.  The movie is not very good, but I can forgive the first 10 minutes. But as soon as I got to the Karate match, I was left confused. I didn't understand why this character was fighting Karate or what was going on in the Karatoh's mind. There are some funny moments in the movie but they were so unnecessary. The first 10-15 minutes are better.  I could have left it out but that wouldn't have been so bad.  But it's not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the early 80's I had a friend who had gone to the movie theater with me and who told me how much fun it was to see this film, and I decided I would like to see it. I was very disappointed, and when the film was released, I gave it a low rating. I saw it again several years later, and now I am very annoyed at how terrible it is. There are no characters in it, and the story is not even that interesting. There is no suspense at all. It just seems like it was made for someone who does not understand what a story is, or that it is any good at all at that time.  The actors do not have any chemistry, and most of the scenes are just long scenes of nothing but talking and yelling. The plot is just so poor, that there is no way to know what the characters are thinking about when they are in the middle of the fight.  I really wanted to see the original, but the movie was so awful that I felt like I was going to regret not seeing the original. I think it's because the director was not a good actor, but he is a good director, so I'm not sure. The only good thing about it is that the film has never been released, and it was never shown on television. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie when I was in high school in 1995. It was the only movie I had seen where people were laughing so much they had to stop themselves from laughing. And, to be honest, it's still funny for a movie, but the actors were terrible, the story was ridiculous, and the editing was awful.  The only good part was the opening scene in which a character is standing up on the top of a staircase and making the "R" sign as a joke. That was one of the funniest scenes I've ever seen in a movie. But the rest of the movie was a disaster. The acting was terrible, and I was never able to get into the story. I just couldn't buy into it, and it ended up making me laugh at the end. But even then, it didn't hold a candle to what I had previously experienced on MTV. The best thing about this movie was that it was so awful that I never had the same reaction as someone else. It's almost like they didn't care if I laughed or not.  I'm not joking. This movie ruined my life. The worst thing I ever saw was a bad B movie, and this was worse. The only way I could see it was in my head, so it was probably a great idea for the show.  It's one of those movies that you'll remember if you're young and you just saw it, because you'll want to get it out of your mind. But I don't recommend it for anyone under 18 or anyone who's in highschool. I saw it once at my school, and after seeing it, I'll never watch a movie the same way again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm pretty sure I've seen it somewhere before, but it was this time that I noticed it. I guess it wasn't the first time that it was shown. In my opinion, the movie just looks like a bunch of footage of people screaming in a car and driving around aimlessly. I don't know what that film was about, but I just couldn't watch it.  The first thing that I would like to point out is that it is very strange how the movie shows the people getting in a really bad car accident. I'm not sure if it was because of the movie or because the people who made it got a speeding ticket (probably). Anyway, the only reason I could see the movie was because I saw the trailer for it on YouTube. I just can't understand why people would do such a thing.  I would also like to mention that I don.t think the movie is a documentary.  All in all, it was pretty much a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is an absolute waste of time. There is absolutely nothing to like about it. It is so devoid of life that I felt sick from watching it. The actors were so completely unconvincing that I began to question the quality of the film. The writing was poor and boring. It was an absolute disgrace to the great British film industry, and the director was a disgrace to his profession.   I think the only positive thing I can say about this film is that it is the only film that is a sequel to "Crazy Heart". I don't think I'm going to see the "C.O.D" film again, and that is the saddest thing in the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just awful. The acting was bad and the plot was completely predictable. The only good thing about this movie was that the title was "Mighty Mouse", which is the title of a comic book series that's not exactly what I was expecting.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no way to like this film. It is completely stupid, and so devoid of story that it is a complete waste of time. There is nothing to it, and even if there was, I would be watching this film for the sake of watching something completely devoid of substance.  One of the reasons why I watched this film is that it was supposed to be a satire on the way that movies were made in the 1980s. However, there was nothing in this film that satirized anything.  I am extremely disappointed that a film about a film no longer exists, because I can never understand why this film was made in 1986, but not made in 2006. This film does not even deserve to exist, because the only thing that I can come up with that I think makes it worth watching is that I want to see the other film made in 1984. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is only one good thing about this movie. The plot is bad. The movie has the same problems as the original series. This movie would have been better off without any references to the original show.  This movie has nothing to do with the show whatsoever. It is a complete waste of time. It just seemed like it was made to be an alternate universe of the show. It's so bad I actually wondered if they made it for this one episode or the next episode. The worst thing about the movie is the actors. They don't have any talent and they are a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a complete waste of time. The movie had very little story line, and was nothing more than a glorified trailer for the movies "The Expendables" and "The World War Z". The script was atrocious and the actors seemed to be in it for the money rather than because they actually liked the movie. This movie is the worst horror movie I have ever seen. The story line was nothing at all, and the acting was not that great. I was hoping for an actual horror movie with the characters and situations we see in "The Purge", but this movie falls short.  There are no "characters" here, just a bunch of people that look really scary, and a few scenes. It was obvious the writer and director had no idea what the movie was supposed to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a lot to hate about this movie. It was clearly filmed in the style of the "The Office" (I don't like the way the producers made the show, especially the way that people on the show would write things on their hands.) and that style didn't go over well with me. The show was a show that focused on a group of people, not just one person. The movie had no reason to exist, and I'm not really sure what it did for the people involved.  The movie's story and cast made no sense and were incredibly predictable. And the script was so poorly written, I actually felt like the writer was trying to write the movie with a group at the table rather than just one actor.  A movie can be a fun time for a family with some friends, but not when you waste 90 minutes of your time on something that's so shallow and predictable. I think that most of the cast and crew should have been fired for this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really like the movie but after watching this one and reading the review I can see why this movie was not a good movie. This movie was just a waste of time. This was a terrible movie. I really wanted to hate it and I did. The only reason I even bothered to give it a chance was because I saw it on TV and thought it was interesting. I guess the movie made it into a DVD since there are so many DVDs available for a bad film. It is not a fun movie to watch at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is weak, the acting is terrible and the cinematography looks like it was shot on a poor TV. The only thing that saved this film was the sound effects, but even then they were too cheap to work.  There is no plot to speak of, just an attempt at being a cheesy B-movie.  The whole thing is about as interesting as a movie about a prostitute who was murdered, and the ending was just as predictable as the rest of it.  In fact it made me doubt the existence of the whole story line, because I can never see a movie that makes me think that the characters actually exist.   A shame really, because this movie was at least worth the time. I would like to see it again, but I will just say that I'm glad I never saw this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what happens when the director is too lazy to actually write a good script. He doesn't want to write a decent script for the sake of a good story. So instead of writing a decent screenplay, he writes a script that just makes things worse. And if that isn't bad enough, it's just plain boring.  There's no story, no story line, no plot, no character development, and not even a little bit of tension or excitement. The movie could have been better if it was made in the 1940s or if it had any real action at all.  Oh well. It's a shame. If I had known it would be like this, I would have taken more care in making my movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't even think of what was supposed to be an entertaining film with such an utterly terrible ending. I just feel sorry for the cast, because they must have had a hard time coming up with a script that could have made for such a bad ending.  I just want to say that I don't understand how anyone could give this movie a good rating unless they had a good idea of what it was supposed do. It just looks awful. I think it would have been better off if it had been filmed and released by a studio like Columbia Pictures instead of this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie, and was disappointed. It was very, very boring. I was expecting to see a movie with the usual actors playing the usual parts. It wasn't. The only thing that was entertaining was the music, which sounded like it was from an early 1980s music video. I'm not even kidding. It sounded like they were trying to recreate the music from the first video, and I didn't think they were going that far. It looked terrible and had no idea what they were doing. It just felt like a movie that had been made with a lot of time and money and not enough thought. The movie was made so that the director could make a low budget, but they didn't have any talent to pull it off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "American History" is a collection of scenes from various Hollywood movies, and there are several films that are very similar to this film. The "Man of Steel" is an excellent example. This film has no plot, no story line, no dialogue, no action, no special effects, and even the soundtrack is terrible.  This film is about the life of an American Indian and a very small part of the story is set in North America. A large portion of the film is shot on a set that's almost completely empty. The only reason the set exists is for a few scenes with the characters, and for the main character, who is a Native American Indian from North America and his girlfriend. The Native American in the film isn't even a real Indian, and the movie just shows him having a bad day. This is very unfortunate because this movie was supposed to be the "Man in the Iron Mask" or something similar. This movie would have been interesting if the Native American wasn't being used as a prop in a movie about a Native Indian and his Indian girlfriend.  The film has a very odd ending, but it's not the only problem with the film. A movie is not only made by the director and the producer; it is made by a group of people. A group that includes actors, producers, editors, etc. A director should not have the ability to write the script, and also not have access to the script. A producer shouldn't have the responsibility of having the script written. The script should not be handed to the director without permission of the director, and it should be passed on to the writer. I can't emphasize enough that there are no standards for a movie director. In a movie like this, the director can do anything he wants and the audience will watch and enjoy the movie as long as they don't criticize the director. This isn't a bad film; it just isn't worth watching because the director's lack of creativity will destroy a good movie. I would like to give this movie a 1/10 rating because it was just an unpleasant experience. It's really a bad idea to make a film like this because the audience is going to be disappointed in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film twice now and once again I was shocked by the fact that I was expecting a decent film. It wasn't. It was just another excuse to waste your time and I was disappointed. It is a pity that the actors weren't better in the other films they have done, but it also must be admitted that this film doesn't make sense. The acting was awful, and the plot and direction was completely incomprehensible.  The only positive point I can say about this film is that it makes you wonder how they made such a mess of this film.  It is just another film with bad acting, poor direction and an unsatisfying plot. It's so disappointing, and this film really stinks. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because I really liked the actors, but even then, I would still have to say this film stinks, and it really isn't worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure how much this is supposed to have been in the "mature" world, but I can't imagine how an older woman would be interested in seeing it. It's just too long, boring and so far removed from any semblance of realism that it feels like a movie for children.  In fairness, there is one amusing moment in which one character says to another that she likes being naked. And if there's one thing I can say for it, it's that the actresses were really good.  I guess that this is a low budget B-grade film, but it's really not worth watching. The actors look bored and uncomfortable and the story is simply too unoriginal to make it worth seeing. If you want to see a movie where nothing is made up, don't bother. Just turn it off and move on to the next low budget horror flick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very predictable, boring, poorly-written movie that doesn't even have the potential to inspire the audience to care about the characters and their future, just as in the first half of the movie. It is just a boring waste of time, with an obvious lack of direction. There are few moments worth mentioning, and when they do happen, they're just so brief and poorly handled that it barely even registers as being a memorable moment, let alone a memorable movie.  In an attempt to salvage the movie, I watched the whole thing again, just to see how badly the script could have been written, and I was not surprised to find out that it is, in fact, very bad.  Even the characters that have some kind of connection with each other are completely disconnected from one another. They seem to have no mutual experience with one another, no relationship at all with the other characters. I can't remember the last time I saw a movie where I couldn't tell the characters apart in the beginning, and it usually takes a few moments to figure out which character is which. The story is also extremely boring. Most of the time it just goes on and on. There's no real plot to speak of, only characters trying to get their own back on each other. There is little sense of humor, and the acting is poor. And the movie is way too long for the amount of time it takes to get through it. I don't even think it was that good to begin with, but the third or fourth hour seemed to drag on forever. There was no way it could have possibly been that long. The fact that it was so predictable that you didn't even care was really disturbing. The acting was so bad that it didn't really matter if the actors were trying to make up a convincing character for the movie or just simply playing along.    I would like to give it 2/10, but honestly, I just can't get through the whole movie. I give it a 1/10 because I know I'm missing something, and 1/3 because it was entertaining for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to go into the video shop when I saw this and it made me want to vomit.  The only good part of this movie was the dancing and the acting. However, the acting and dancing in this movie should never be in a movie. There is no point in a bad dancing and there is no need to have a dancing scene where the female is having to dance with a guy who looks like a guy. The way the movie is structured makes it impossible for the female to express herself as an independent woman who is in control of her own life. The movie is so boring and has so little action that it is just not worth watching.  This is not an action movie, it is a comedy that looks like one. The director should be ashamed of himself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are expecting an action thriller like "Gravity" or "The Walking Dead", or if you are just looking for a good horror movie like "House of Wax", "Slaughterhouse-Five", or "Alien", then this movie is not for you. However, if you just want to watch a cheap horror movie without a great acting performance or great special effects, then "Slave Hunters" is for you! This is a low budget slasher film with an average cast, mediocre special effects and a terrible soundtrack. You can skip the movie entirely, but it's not the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film that isn't funny at all. This film is about a woman who kills her boyfriend, and kills all her friends, in a mad attempt to kill all the people she loves. It is like the film version of a bad horror movie. I think this was made by a guy who was trying to imitate the 80s horror movies he grew up with. This is the worst movie I have ever seen. There are so many plot holes in the plot. The story was stupid and the acting was awful.  I don't recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of time. I can't believe how much the producers of this movie spent trying to make this movie a masterpiece. The movie is very, very shallow, extremely boring and has no story. The whole movie has a very slow pace and the acting is terrible. It's very obvious the director and producer didn't even care about this movie and spent every minute trying to show the viewers something new. This is a movie you'd have to pay to see the real thing if you're interested in seeing a poorly made movie.  This is an embarrassment to the actors involved. This movie was supposed to be directed by Michael Bay, who is known for his movies that have the best plot lines. The actors of the movie are very weak, and the movie just looks awful in general. The production values of this film are so low, that I was shocked to see that they didn't have a DVD release. I was hoping the movie would get a DVD in the US. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise for this movie is a bit odd. In it, a man is given the ability to change his appearance (and in this case, physical appearance) by a doctor. He goes on to meet a man named Jeff, who is a big fan of his. However, after meeting him for the first time, Jeff is disgusted by what he sees in the other person. Jeff has a very strong dislike of men with large penises, so he starts killing off the male population in a small town. However in this movie, it's mentioned that the killer has some sort of an ulterior motive, and Jeff's identity is never really explained.  I did enjoy the opening scenes and the first part of the movie, but after that, the story starts to fall apart. I'm not sure what the film was trying to achieve with this premise, but it was a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "A Night to Remember" was a great idea, but the execution was so amateur that it was so bad that I felt like I was watching a poorly made low budget film. There were no jokes, no story, no direction, and the acting was so wooden that you could actually see it shaking its legs. I am really glad I was unable to find it on DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this movie in the theater and it was so disappointing. I did like some of the scenes, but they were just so low-budget and the story didn't make sense to me. The actors all seemed really bored. I guess it's because the film was filmed in the middle of the desert and the actors had to make the scenes up on the fly, and the desert is so barren that you can't see the stars. I found the story confusing and didn't understand the plot. The movie was so bad that I didn't care to see the sequel.  The film had no idea how to end and I think that's why it got such a bad rating. The director could have done something interesting with the story, like the characters had a good reason to be in the desert, and why they were trapped there, but he didn't even try.  It's a really bad movie and I wish I hadn't seen it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm just not able to get into this film as much as I wanted. The only good parts are the characters, they are all bland and I just don't know what the point was. The movie really started off really well with a cute and cute girl. The rest of the movie is just a series of bad shots and poorly timed action sequences. I'm guessing this was made with a really small budget and it really shows. The special effects are awful, the camera moves so slowly it hurts my eyes. The sound was pretty good but they should have just put the sound effects in the movie and not put the voices in the soundtrack. The plot and dialog were bad and the ending just left me with an empty feeling.  If you can find a copy of this film, buy it, but don't waste your time. It's bad and will leave you feeling frustrated and wondering what the hell was that movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was not just an uninteresting movie, it was completely pointless. I have been watching this movie for three hours and I have not been able to find anything remotely worth reading or thinking about it. I mean, I can see the movie but it is just not worth watching. And that is because it does not even attempt to make the movie interesting or interesting enough to warrant its existence.  There is no real story, no real characters, and no real ideas. It is just an annoying movie that is just about the worst kind of lame movie I have ever seen. I think the idea was to make a comedy about a guy who falls in love with a girl that he is a little too obsessed with to kill off the girl's parents. The plot line that made it into the movie was that the girl fell in love a little bit too quickly, and was in love to the point that she was willing to kill her parents to keep him in her life. The problem with this line of thought is that in order to make this a comedy, the girl must be so crazy that she would kill her family in order get him in love. I can just imagine the movie being a comedy where the girl would murder the man who had fallen in love her.  If you have ever watched a movie where a girl kills her parents, you know what I mean. That is how movies like this are supposed to be. But that is not what happened here. This movie is just a bunch of boring people trying to act.  The only interesting part was the part where the guy went through a lot of emotional distress trying to keep his family alive in order for the girl to keep loving him. I did not care about the part in the movie where the dude got his hair stuck in the roof of a car and was screaming for help. I wanted to see that part to see what was going on in his head.  All in all, I would rather see a movie about a man trying to win a fight against the most powerful and deadliest man on the planet. But when I saw this movie I just wanted to hate it because it was so bad. It made no sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie opens with a brief sequence of a man being beaten to death by two people and a bunch of kids. After this brief opening, the film quickly devolves into a bizarre, incomprehensible and completely unbelievable plot where the characters talk and act like a buncha low-rent, low-budget, low budget, low production values (and that's pretty much it) animated series.  And if you're like me, you'll get bored of the whole thing. And even though this is the kind of movie that you could easily turn into an animated series, it doesn't matter. If you're gonna watch it, don't watch it at all and just watch the video on YouTube. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a complete waste of time. It was the worst movie I have ever seen, I've seen worse but never a movie that had a soundtrack. It has a bad acting, terrible acting, awful soundtrack and worst sound effect of all. It is a complete embarrassment to anyone who was at least willing to sit through it. The actors are awful and I hope the director never made another movie because this one was a waste of my time.  This film has no story, no real characters, nothing to connect the audience to the characters, the plot is totally unbelievable and the acting is the worst. The movie just looks like it was made with a 2D camera and the sound was done in a sound studio.  I give this movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no plot, characters are bland and all of the acting is very bad, a movie with so much potential could have been something better.  I can't recommend this movie because I'm just a regular Joe Blow who likes the idea of being in a movie where you get to spend your life in a prison cell.  But if you want to watch a bad comedy you can check out the first episode of this series, it's really not that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My son was born in 1988. He was very into action movies in those days and the first action movie that he saw was "Fracture" (1980) starring Gary Busey, Richard Grieco and the late Mel Brooks. So I got this movie when he was 3.  The whole movie was about an evil scientist who uses a robot to steal humans' souls. He gets killed by a fireman (Richard Haines) and the robot is destroyed. I remember the robot was not as good as the "Alien" (1979). The robot was too bulky and not very lifelike. The movie wasn't any good. It wasn't even as good a waste of time as the remake of "Robocop". It was so much better that it made me want to quit watching movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very, very, extremely bad movie. This movie was directed by the very poor Kevin Costner and written by someone else. The movie was very poorly written. The acting was so poor that even in the film there was nothing to recommend the movie. The whole movie was just a huge waste of time. I could have done without all the horrible plot lines and the horrible acting. I'm guessing that Costner is not as talented as he thinks he is. The problem is that there is not a lot of reason to enjoy this movie. If you're a fan of Costner's work, please don't waste your time watching this. I would recommend not watching this movie at all if you're not a fan. The only thing I can say for this movie is that it had a very interesting premise. If I could rate the movie, I would give it an 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad it is worth mentioning that I just can't find a single positive review about it. The story is about an alcoholic, homeless alcoholic (John Belushi), who decides to start a new life in a small town where he can be a doctor. He meets the town's sheriff (Maggie Linton), who becomes his wife (Milla Jovovich), and then he gets in a bit of trouble with the townspeople and his old friend (William Sall). The problem is that the movie takes place in an alternate universe, in which Belushi is still a "crazy drunk" (as if anyone who hasn't had enough of alcohol is "crazy"), and the town in the movie is completely devoid of all other humans, except for the residents of the other towns in the alternate universe. The only other human characters in the world are the citizens of the towns in our world.  I am amazed that anyone could even consider making a movie in which a drunk would be a "doctor" and that it would be okay to make it so unbelievable. I really wish that somebody would have told me before watching the movie that this was a bad idea.  A couple of notes about the movie: 1. The movie is made up of all-too-brief dialogues and scenes that are supposed to show Belushi's character changing. 2. There are no lines at all from the movie, except in the beginning. It's a movie made up almost entirely of people yelling "Dude!" and making the other characters do their best to make them laugh. If you don't know how to act, this is a movie for you. 3. The "drunk" in the original version is a drunk, not a "drifter". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just plain awful. It has no plot, no direction, nothing. It is just a pile of rubbish that just can't be forgiven. The plot is so contrived that I had to turn off the TV after 10 minutes.  The acting is bad and the script is just awful. I have no idea what the story was about because there was no storyline to speak of. The movie was so bad I thought I was watching the trailer for a horror film. The music was terrible and the actors were awful. There was no way the film could have been made in such a short amount of time. There were a couple of decent shots but the rest of the movie was just awful and I don't think anyone will give this movie a chance. The only redeeming point was that the actors did not appear to have the same levels of intelligence that most actors have.  I would like to say that I have nothing against horror, but I would have preferred a better film with a better script and better acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to see this movie for my class. I was not interested in this type of film and I saw it as a waste of time and money. I saw the previews and it was the same thing as the movie was in the previews. I think this movie should have been put on the video store. If you like to see a bad film then this is the film for you.  This movie has not aged well. It is not a great movie and does not deserve to be in the movies.  The acting was not that good. I have seen better acting in other movies. This is the worst of the bunch. I would not recommend this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have no idea how anyone could give this movie two thumbs down. But I'm giving it one. It's a bit too much like a low budget version of a bad teen flick. The actors look like they are about the same age as the characters.  The plot is very boring. And the music is terrible. But this isn't the worst movie I've seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this as a Bollywood film on the 10th Anniversary of Gandhi's assassination. It's a terrible movie. In fact, this film had to be made. And the only reason it was made was because of the fact that the film makers wanted to be able to show their work to the American audiences. But the problem with this film is that the characters in the film are so devoid of humanity that it is almost unbearable to watch. Even the actors don't seem to care about the story line. And when they get to the part of Gandhi, they do nothing to improve the story.  The only redeeming quality of the film is the ending. But this is a B movie, so the ending is meaningless. And it's not even a real ending, just a fake one.  It's not like Gandhi was the best actor of all time.  I give it a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise for the movie is very weak, it makes you wonder why anyone would spend so much time on such a thing. The acting is horrible and the script is so bad it makes a few people cringe. The special effects are terrible, you just have to look at it yourself. It looks like a piece of junk. The movie is completely overrated and a waste of time. You will get bored after about half of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's as if someone got a drunk and then decided that they could make a movie out of it.  I'm just trying to say that this movie sucks. It has a few moments of brilliance in it but those moments are overshadowed by the other parts of the movie, which are awful. This movie doesn't even have a plot! It's just a bunch of people walking around in circles with a bunch the same boring things. I just don't know how they got that idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie twice. In the first time I thought the script was OK, but then I watched the second time, and I realized it's a terrible, horrible movie. The acting was terrible, the story was lame, and the only good thing about the movie was the music. The music was so terrible I would rather listen to it for five minutes than watch this movie again. This movie is a waste of time and I'm surprised they actually made it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the film on Friday the 10th of November, and it was so horrible. It was so boring and boring. I don't know what the director was thinking. I think the only thing that made it worth watching was the 'gorgeous' (?) nude ladies in the movie. I saw a few scantily clad guys, but they weren't the stars. I wish that the director had a little more imagination and thought of some interesting things to do with this film. If you want to see a few nude ladies on a film, then you will have to be very lucky. Otherwise, I would avoid this film like the plague. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are going to see this movie, I recommend skipping it. It is absolutely worthless. There are absolutely no plot lines. The main character (Cameron) only has a handful of lines. It makes no sense what happens in this movie. The acting is completely and utterly awful. The only saving grace is that there is a really cute little girl in the movie. It's really too bad that this movie wasn't made in Hollywood. It looks like a film set in the 1940's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is just a bunch of recycled footage from previous movies in the series, and the only thing that bothered me was the fact that the director and actors didn't seem to care.    This is the film that killed my interest in the first series of films in the Buffy series. The only positive thing I can say about this film is that I actually liked the characters. I think I actually enjoyed the first film more than the series two films, but this film was so badly made and so poorly acted that it completely ruined the series for me. The director has made a bunch more films since then and hasn't made a good film since. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Shots Fired" series has become so unwatchable. The main plot is just silly and the actors don't do much except look stupid.  The other two films in the series, "Shoots Out" and "Shooting Range", were better. But "Shooters Fired 3" is still an embarrassment.  I don't know what the producers are thinking, but they really should have kept this series as a low budget comedy, as they did with "Shooter." I thought "Shouts of Fire" was better. I think that it is a shame that they would waste all of their money on "Shuns," "Shocks," and "The Last of the Dead." I hope that the producers at "Tower" Film Studios will learn from this mistake. I hope the "Shatters" films will get a DVD release and then be released on DVD with the rest of the "Towers" films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an awful piece of work. There is no point to the plot and there is a very obvious need to fill up the film with action sequences. What's more, the film is filled with boring dialogue, awful directing and a very disappointing ending. If you want to see a bunch of bums dancing around and shooting each other, look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a total waste of time and money. I watched the first few minutes of this film and then was so bored I went straight to the DVD copy. The opening shot of the film and the name "Titan" were very obvious giveaway. I mean, what the hell is that about? This is a $10 DVD, why do you need a $200 movie? I could easily make a better $10 movie, I just wanted to see what the opening shot was about. The only redeeming point is that the actors are all good, but I cannot believe they have to work so hard to make these movies. If you are looking to see a bad, lame movie, look somewhere else. I could have made a better movie, but it would have been a 10, not a $100. I guess the studios are not willing to make any mistakes. If the studio is so proud of their films, why not try a $4 movie, or even $2.00. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw the trailer for this horrible film and I was very disappointed. The actors don't seem to know the plot, there are no lines, and no reason for them to act. There are no jokes, no lines and no humor. Just an awful mess. If you are watching this, don't buy it. Just don't! You won't be able to tell the difference between the actors and the video, or the actors' voices. I really wish I had a video of the movie to watch it in. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so slow, I have to say it. The acting was OK, but the script was boring and not believable. The only thing that made the movie interesting was the nudity scenes, which were all extremely over-the-top and not that funny at all. If you want a good porno, go to a different movie.  This is an awful movie, even by porno standards. If I was expecting a good film with good acting and nice nudity, I would have expected to find a better film. If they really wanted to make a porno of a film that was so poorly done, they should have made a porn version of the movie, that's what I think they would do. They made a version of "Gang Bang," without the gang bang, with only the male participants. That's a porn film, with nudity, with some nice acting, and some nice porno scenes, without the sex scenes, and a porn title.  The only reason I rated this movie 3/10 is that I found some nudity scenes worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been meaning to watch this movie for a long time. It was so bad that it actually made me want to see a bad film: "Worst movie I have ever seen". The acting was horrible, and the story had little to do with the film. It wasn't even close to what "The Crow" was about. It made me feel like a complete fool for enjoying this movie. It had nothing to do about the movie's premise. If I had known that the movie was so mediocre, I probably would have just stayed away from it. I know the movie could have been much better. I didn't see how this was supposed to be an original horror film. How was the idea of having a supernatural creature fight for its life with a man who was trying to kill it supposed to make a jump scare movie? This movie has no suspense at all, and it really could have used a bit more effort in the direction of its story. I really felt like I was watching the movie with no idea what was going on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film so terrible it's not even funny is still very funny if you are a film-goer. But if you're a film buff, or a film critic, or if you simply want to see a film, then you are in for a big disappointment. If you're not familiar with the original script, or you're just too lazy to look it up on IMDb, or your interest in this film is simply not there, then I guess this film would be just fine if you didn't watch the original story line, and just went to the other side of the story to watch it. The first half of this film, in my opinion, is a waste of time. The only good parts are those where the characters actually act, but those aren't enough to keep you watching. There's no real action, and you know that there's no reason to be happy in this movie. There is one redeeming point, however. The story-line does make some sense. You may just have to keep watching until you realize that this is not the way it's supposed to end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a girl running from her home. She has seen a strange man (or people) who killed her sister in the past and she has no idea what she will do next. Her sister died in a car accident, she finds her sister's old car in the forest. She wants to find her sister again. Then the movie becomes a story of an incest and murder that the girl was involved in.  The only reason why I can recommend this movie is that I like to see things like this. If you want to see a movie that is not worth seeing because it is so stupid, just skip it.  This movie is an embarrassment. I did not care much about the movie and it was pretty much a waste of time. I just want to be able to say that I saw this movie and I did NOT enjoy it. I think that anyone who is a fan of horror films should skip it and save their money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so poorly made and poorly acted that I can hardly even figure out what was going on. I have watched it in a few different places, and in the end, I can't tell if there were any other people in the room with the actors. I guess the script was not up to the task, but that's not really the point. What is important to me is the lack of effort. Even though the movie is about a bunch of people with a common interest in the supernatural, the acting is so amateurish that I thought it was done by some sort of amateur band. I was shocked at the plot and plot devices. The premise was laughable. There was no reason for this story to happen. I could have just watched the video of this film instead. I would have preferred to just ignore this film entirely. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so poorly acted and directed. The plot and story lines were so poorly conceived that it made me want to laugh. The characters seemed so weak that they could have easily made the story more interesting.  The acting was so bad that it seemed like the filmmakers had no idea how to act, or that they even knew how. It was as if they just picked the parts that they thought would be the best. And that's not a good movie.  I can't believe that this film has received such a positive review. I think that it is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. This film is so incredibly boring and has no story line at all. I don't know how they could make a movie this awful.  And don't get me started on the plot. The script was so incoherent that it felt as if the director had no clue what the movie was about.  So what was the point of the movie? Why did they make it this way? I dont understand.  Overall, I give this film an 8. This is just a really bad movie. I'm really disappointed that the makers of this film have so much faith in their talent that they actually thought this would be a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie, while a great idea, is a very poor execution. The plot has no real idea what it's about, so the story feels like an endless, pointless, boring and poorly done TV show. The acting is OK, but the directing is awful. The sound is OK and the visuals are OK, so I'll give them a pass, but I can't forgive the fact that the whole thing is so poorly done. This is just not a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a movie with a strong female lead, a beautiful story and lots of blood and gore. I was so disappointed when I got the movie. This movie was not even close to that. In fact it was worse than the first film I saw. It was more like a slasher film. I would say this is a movie for teenagers, but the main character is a 15 year old girl.  I can't recommend this movie because it's so bad. I don't even like this genre of horror movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film where you will spend an hour on a bad film, only to get up and watch the next one.  This film is so badly made that it is almost impossible to enjoy it, and it's a shame that you can't even go out and find it on the internet. The actors are terrible, the script is weak, the music is terrible, and the director is a poor excuse for a film director.  It is an utter waste of your time and should be avoided at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has been released on DVD and Blu-ray.  The original version was shown in 2006. This version is almost entirely in black and white. There are only a handful of colors in this film. Most of the shots are boring. The dialog is not original. The characters are not memorable. There is not much more to say. You get a taste of the original, but then you get a whole lot more of this... What is even worse is the fact that they are now trying to make the film into a theatrical film. How about the fact the actors are actors. You do not know what you are talking about with them.  I hope they will get this film out of their minds. There isn't much more you can say about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good part of this film is that the story line is really not that great. The only thing that kept me entertained was the movie's sound track. If you're not a fan of 80's horror films then I'd say don't watch this movie. But if you are a horror fan or are just a fan who is not a horror aficionado then you will most likely enjoy this film. If that's what you're looking for then I recommend the "Halloween II" or "Halloween III" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting something with more action and adventure, but this movie had none of it. The only thing this movie has going for it is the actors, and they are just not that good.  I have seen worse movies and I am sure I will see worse movies in the future. This is just an insult to anyone who has ever seen a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The characters are flat, the story is stupid and the acting is awful. It's really pathetic that the producers thought that it would be funny.  They made fun of the audience's stupidity and I really wanted to like this movie. I wanted to laugh but I couldn't. I was actually disappointed that the film didn't have any laughs and that the actors didn't make fun of themselves like they did in this movie in the previous one. I mean, why would they? If they did they would have been laughed at by the movie.  I guess it's not a comedy if it's really funny and there's no way to be funny and not have it be funny! This movie is just boring, that's all there is to it.  The only thing I like is that the title says that it's a comedy. Maybe the producers are just trying to make the movie into a comedy since it's made for adults. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst I have ever seen. There are no plot or story. There is no emotion.  It's just one big pile of crap.  I was expecting more. And I am sure I am not alone in thinking that the actors are the biggest losers in this flick. But the director, I don't know who he is, was obviously not paying attention to the script. I know that he is an excellent director, but not even an amateur, let alone an amateur at directing a movie like this. And to think that he thought that this movie was a real contender for best picture at the Oscars, that's a pretty funny joke.  There is also one really bad thing in this movie. I don' think it is a bad thing to say that the movie doesn't make any sense. But it makes even less sense. It has no story, no characters, no motivation, nothing.  All the characters are either completely out of character, or there is no character development whatsoever.  This is one of the most stupid movies I have seen. And there is not even a movie plot. The only thing I can say for it is that it looks like a copy of the "Hollywood Squares" movie. And if that's the worst thing you can say about a movie, then I can't be too harsh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a huge fan of The Simpsons. It's a good show, but it's not a show that can be enjoyed without having a sense of humour. In fact, there is very little humour in this movie. The story has nothing to do with what the show is actually about. I don't think they should have been trying to replicate the show's theme in this film. It didn't seem like there was any sense of humor at all. There were some great moments where the characters were funny but I couldn't find them anywhere in the movie. It is very difficult to explain why a movie made by a TV network to appeal to children can be so dull. It had absolutely no idea what it was about and it just seemed like the producers had nothing to say about it. It was like an adult version of "The Simpsons". I'm sure that this is not the only movie that the Simpsons will make, and I don' think they would make a bad one either. But this is an unfortunate episode and I can't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really liked the original but this movie completely sucked. It was so slow and boring. I know it's not my fault but this one was just so lame. I'm sorry to say it but it sucked the worst. The music was so awful that it ruined the movie. The plot was boring. The acting was so bad it made me want to laugh. The actors were so horrible. You have to be a total moron to make this movie. I can't believe the people who gave this movie a chance. This is the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been dubbed "the most disappointing movie ever made". That's a funny word for a movie and I have no idea what it means. I can only conclude that the director is an idiot.  The first time I saw it, I was convinced it was some kind of cult film, and I even watched the trailers a few times, but I didn't get it. After I watched it, the only thing I could think was that it had to be a "bad movie" because I've seen some bad movies in my life. But I don't think there's any such thing as a "cult movie". It was just an awful movie. It's a complete waste of time, and anyone who thought it was interesting should just ignore it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film at a theater in Brooklyn, and it was a complete waste of time. It was so boring that I had to sit through the entire thing again just to get it over with. This film should have never been made. The story line and plot is so poorly done that it makes a mediocre "comedy". The actors are so uninspired that they can barely act at all, and the director has no idea how to make a movie work. The whole movie is a total waste of a film, but I can't say that it's worse than "The Diner".  There are some funny moments in the film, especially in the scenes where the characters talk to their friends at a party.  The movie has no plot. The plot is just a series of events that the characters would normally find interesting enough to mention in the plot. In one scene, the characters are talking about a movie that the actor plays in the movie, and this character is talking about how he wants to do a horror movie. The actor is trying to say how he thinks that the director should make a horror film, and when the director says that this movie is already done, he just walks away.  It's just a total disappointment. There is no plot, no real story, and only one scene that is worth mentioning. The movie should have been called "the movie that was supposed to be good, but wasn't". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is completely unreadable to me. I would like to say that this movie is a waste of time, but unfortunately, that's not the case. I've watched this movie and I can't understand what was the purpose of it all.  I've read that the director intended the movie to be funny, but I just didn't understand it. I'm not sure if the director even intended to make a comedy out of the movie. I don't think that I would be able to understand the movie if I watched it without having any prior knowledge of the story. It's a terrible, awful movie, and I just wanted to see something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I saw this movie at a local movie theater in the early 90's. I had seen it many times on cable, and so I thought it might be good. I was wrong.  The story was a bit predictable, but it did have a lot of the same clichs and overused clichs you see in so many other cheesy B movies that are a rip-off of movies by Mel Brooks. I thought the movie was about a girl who's friend dies, and the girl wants to be friends with her friend's new boyfriend. The boyfriend has been away from her for 5 years, and she wants to bring him back. So the girl convinces her friend to let her sleep with him, so that she can be friends, and that she and the boyfriend can live together. She wants to stay friends with the boyfriend, but she is also interested in sleeping with him. She sleeps with the girlfriend (who was never in the movie) in the same hotel, in the exact same room, in exactly the same room. I am sure that the girlfriend is only there for a few hours. The movie was filled with stupid humor that just isn't funny. I would have expected the story to be better, if it were not so awful. The whole movie was so predictable and over-baked, that it didn't even make any sense. The girl was not funny, the boyfriend wasn't funny, and it was just plain boring.  All in all, I gave this movie 2 out of 10, and I have to say, I'm not surprised at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that makes this film worth seeing is the premise, which is that the movie takes place in the city of Boston. In fact, you have to look closely at the background of the actors, especially the main character, Michael Jackson, to notice that he's not actually from Boston, he just moved to Boston a long time ago and never really lived there before.    So, if you want to see how a movie about Boston really goes, watch this movie: the scenery isn't realistic, the plot isn't interesting, the acting is awful and the direction is awful.  The film isn't even about the Boston Red Sox, and even then it's not really about baseball at all. The plot is about a kid who comes to Boston from Ohio and who decides to be a pitcher, only to get himself killed by a villain who is so angry at being a pitcher that he thinks the Red Sox should change the team name to the Red Cow.  All in all, a bad, boring and badly made film: a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, in its first few minutes, reminded me of the worst parts of The Phantom of the Opera. The acting was so bad that I felt like I was watching it myself on TV. It had the same plot, characters, and even the music, but it was just so badly made that it made me laugh at it.  I can't say that the actors didn't deserve their paychecks, but this film had no redeeming quality to redeem it. It was just plain, boring and not even funny. If you want to see an acting performance that is not completely awful, go to the video version of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to give it 2 points because the acting was so bad, it was unbelievable. The story was so thin, the acting so pathetic. I thought I was going to cry because of how terrible the acting and the story was. The acting is so so so terrible that it's ridiculous! It is not a good movie because it was so terrible! I would recommend not watching this movie unless you want to be entertained, because it's a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the end of this film I am left with no doubt, that this film is the worst of all films ever made. The story line is predictable, the acting is terrible, and the direction is totally inept.  A real joke should be told to this film. If you have the guts to see this movie, and you can stomach the gore, I guess it is worth your time. But otherwise it's probably a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I really wish I had a better movie: but in the end, I couldn't find it anywhere. I thought it was so good when I saw it on TV but, unfortunately, it never came to DVD, DVD release or anything else. I've seen the movie, on video, and I don't care to watch it again. I saw the movie as it was, and the movie was awful.  And then, I found it on DVD and saw it again, and it was still awful. This movie was the only movie I can say that I don' care about. I was very disappointed with this movie, and even if it was great, it's not worth the trouble to buy it, as I just saw it the first time on DVD.  I'm sure that there are other fans out there that would like this movie; it just isn't mine. I'll just stick to watching it on video. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what is going on, but I found myself constantly flipping through this movie. It was simply terrible and I just felt that I was being sucked into a vortex of endless, boring, uninteresting and uninteresting moments. The plot was so weak and nonsensical, and it felt like it was made to fill the time and the space with nothing to really do but repeat the same things over and over again. It really felt like I was watching a movie that was made by a studio that doesn't really know how to make movies and just wanted to make a movie about the characters. This isn't even a movie at all. I can't believe they made a movie like this. I mean, even with a decent script. But, hey, there was a decent cast and it was a big hit on the box office. I guess that means I don' t like movies anymore, huh? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big fan of the '60s and '70s comedy, but this movie just didn't hold my attention. I'm not sure why. It's really, really not funny. The characters were all so unoriginal and unoriginal that I had to keep turning the TV on and off to find out what the heck they were talking about. It was just too much of a waste of my time. The story line seemed to take a lot of inspiration from the "Greed", "Gangster", and "Risky" movies of the early '70's.  But, again, the acting is pretty lame. The character of the "mule" is supposed to have some sort of special powers, but he is basically just a fat, overweight old man who hates everyone and can't get along with people. He even has the "stupid" trait of always saying the same stupid things, even when he has the advantage of being stupid in some situation.  Oh, and he's also a killer who kills a lot.  This movie had one or two plot points that were pretty good. The main one was the "possible" connection between the killer's brother and the killer himself, who might have had some sort a motive to kill. The film was just a bunch of people saying that they know the killer is the killer and the story line just started to bore me. I was completely bored and I don't know why they bothered to make the movie.  I was disappointed, but I'm sure I'll give it a chance at some point. I just can't justify paying for something that is so poorly made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not funny, nor entertaining. I know I should be impressed with this since I have seen some of the other "B" movies but this was just a waste of time. The acting was OK but the writing was bad. It was obvious that the director did not even care about his own script. It is like watching a director and writing a bad script.  The idea was to make a comedy out of the "B"-style comedy, but that did not happen. The jokes were predictable and there was no reason to make it funny.   I would not recommend this movie. I would give it a C-minus. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a great concept, but when the actors were playing it, the concept turned to crap. The story was stupid, the acting was bad, and the ending was absolutely awful. I have seen better movies that have not been made. This is the worst film I've seen in a long time. It's like it was made for people who don't have any idea how to write, act, and direct. I was so sick of this movie, I actually turned it off. It was so unbelievable that it's not even funny. There's nothing that's even remotely funny about this movie.   In a good movie, you'll laugh a lot. In this movie it's just so... dull. It really has nothing going for it. The acting was terrible, the story was boring, and it was so slow and tedious.  In conclusion, I gave this movie a 2. The plot was absolutely pointless. The movie was so bad that I actually felt sick. The only thing that made it worth watching was the acting. I just felt that the actors could not make up their minds and decided to act as if they did. The way the movie was filmed was just so poor that I almost had a heart attack just from watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand why people think this is good. It's just a really long, dull and painful movie. I'm sure the director wanted to make a movie about a man who is really insane, but he couldn't get the script to work, so he had to resort to a bunch of lame jokes, and a very poor acting. I guess the only thing that's not a problem is the story line, but the movie really doesn't make sense and is not funny. I think they should have just made the movie "Erotic Comedy". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are too many mistakes to list here, but one is the very obvious attempt at an "anti-heroes" storyline.  The character is so unbelievable and boring that he is a non-factor. The rest of the cast is completely uninteresting. The film has no redeeming qualities.  There's no reason to be watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how the hell this film got made, but it has some of the worst acting I've ever seen in a bad film. I am a film editor, and I know how to edit movies, and even in this movie I would have had to cut some of this crap down. I've seen some movies that were better, but this is one of the most embarrassing movies I've watched. It is a total waste of time and a huge waste of money. I would just like to point out that the guy who made the movie, James Franco, is a huge douche. Franco was on a show called "The King's Gambit" when he was young. His character, who was supposed to be a very serious and serious actor, is so obnoxious that it is almost unbelievable. It's just so ridiculous that I'm still shaking my head and saying "Wow!" in disbelief. Franco has never really done much since he was in his 20's, and he has no talent in any other kind of acting. He does have one great movie that I saw in Japan, "The Last Samurai." This film is basically a sequel to "The Long Riders," a film that Franco had the opportunity to star in, but declined. The only reason Franco is in "The Devil's Knot" is because the producer wanted him. I know that Franco is a talented actor, but he was never a serious actor. He just has his own idea of what a "good" film is, and the Devil's knot is one that he made for himself. I was never interested in watching this movie and would have been more entertained if I had watched a movie that actually had some plot and characters. This movie has so many plot holes that it makes me want to throw my DVD player out of the window. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I watched this film with our kids (the older ones, I know). It was not funny at all, and it made the older kids hate me. They were so angry and disgusted, they were acting so stupidly and without even trying to be funny.  The kids are so young and stupid, it made me sad. But I'm glad I watched it and gave it a negative rating because I don't want to see another film that makes my kids cry.  I hate to say it, but the film was about 7 1/2 hours long and I only spent two hours on it. If you don't mind watching some awful actors acting like fools, it's worth seeing. Otherwise, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing to say here, except the fact that a lot of people don't like it. That's fine. If you don't want to know what happens in the movie, then don't. If, however, you're into the concept of the original movie, I suggest you skip this one. If there's anything in this movie that was worth watching, it's that the "story" was actually very short, and that there was no real plot. The movie could have been a very good parody of "The Last Temptation of Christ" - an hour and a half, not to mention the fact the film had very little dialog - but there was nothing funny about it. It was just a big mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 10 minutes are quite good. But after that it's really hard to believe this movie is a 'franchise' film. And then there's the editing. For example, there's a scene where a guy is talking to a girl. The girl is actually wearing a bra, and the guy is wearing a t-shirt, and both are wearing underwear. In the DVD version, this scene is edited so that the bra has to be removed, and then the t-shirts have to be edited to remove their underwear, and finally the girl has to remove her bra and shirt in the DVD and the DVD is edited in such a way that the girl's nipples are visible, and in the Blu-ray the nipples are not visible. This is so stupid and pointless that I can't believe it's actually a movie.  The other problem is the actors. As far as I know, they have never played anything but stock characters. And there's no way the film was made in the 1980's, because there are only a handful of actors who can do stock characters well. The rest of them are pretty much out-of-date and are too stupid to have ever been cast in this type of film.  This movie should have been made in 1989.  And what's with the '80's feel? It was actually made in 1980, in Japan, which means that there is probably still a lot of '80s feel about this film. So this movie really should be called 'The Movie is a Crappy Picture', not 'The 80's Feel'. And to make things worse, there are scenes where the girl is wearing stockings.  I mean, come on! If I had made this movie and had used stock characters and had edited it so that there was no stock footage, then I could have made the movie look as much like the movies from the 1980s as the movie does. The actors were great, and this movie could have been a hit. But, no. The editors made it look like an 80's film. It looks like an American '80', and the only thing worse is that it is so far out of date. It has to get rid of all the 80's feel.   So I think that 'The Last Movie' is a terrible movie. I think it's the worst film I've ever seen. The only good thing about it is that they have actually made a good movie. The movie has all the problems
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that they made a movie that was made for a school assembly, and it was supposed to be educational, but that is not what happened here. It was supposed just to entertain people, but it did nothing of value except to make people think that the movie was entertaining, and that they were in on something when they were just sitting there in their seats with their heads down. The only thing that I found interesting was the guy on the stage that was a little boy and he got to talk to the actress in the movie, but I think the actress was supposed not to be in the audience.  The ending is terrible and I'm not even sure that there was a proper ending to the movie. I know that there are two endings, but this one, I would say that I'm in the wrong movie. It just seems like they made it for the school assembly and that it was a great success for them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is so boring, that you almost do not want to look at it because you do not even care. There is hardly any reason to believe that the movie has any kind of message. The acting is so bad that you can imagine the film's director to have never been able to act at all. And there are no plot twists, nothing is interesting, nothing has a reason to exist, and the ending is so pointless.  The only good thing about this film is that it shows a man's courage. The real problem with this film (besides the fact that it is so awful) is the director's attempt to make a film about the movie: the movie is so devoid of substance and story, that the director tries to make the viewer care about the characters. And he does it by telling you what they want, even though he is so obviously in the wrong, that he even makes it seem as if the characters' motives are entirely logical.  That is not the movie I was expecting.  I did not expect that a film would be so boring and shallow, but I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad that I actually laughed once during it. I can't believe that this is the only film on the whole DVD of the "Giant Bomb" series that I did not find funny. There are a few jokes here and there but it is just so boring that I felt I had to sit through the whole thing to get the last laugh.  The acting is so terrible that I had no idea what the characters were saying. The story is so unbelievable that you just want to stop watching it right away. There was not even a "real" airplane bomb in the movie. It is just a big piece of plastic with wires attached to it that is blowing up on some random place somewhere.  And the only reason I kept watching the rest of the DVD was because it contained footage from the Giant Bomb series that was never released on DVD.  All in all, a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is that the main character, a "hacker", is able to gain access to all the systems of a large, well-defended building. As he proceeds through the building, he finds that the system is totally useless and he is forced to hack his way into the mainframe computer that controls the building's security systems. The premise of this film is ridiculous. You would think that the building would be secure by the time you see the film. In the end, it seems that all of the security systems have been compromised by hackers. The ending is a waste of time and it really shows how stupid the makers of this movie were. The movie really has no plot. The camera never moves in any direction. The dialog is too quiet and the story is too slow. The only thing that keeps the movie from being a total disaster is the music. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is absolutely no suspense, no reason to keep watching.  This movie is just a very unoriginal, uninteresting, pointless and tedious. I have watched far better horror movies, and have not had the same sort of boredom with this one. The actors are really pathetic. The setting and setting of the film are so terrible that I was almost afraid to even watch it. The sound was awful. I am not sure if I am supposed to like it or not, but I was a little bit disappointed.  The acting was poor. The only reason I rated it this low is because I wanted to watch the movie more than 10 minutes later, and I could have. It is just an absolute waste of time.  If you are a horror fan, you will be disappointed, but you are going to be disappointed more than once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got a really bad vibe from this movie. The acting was bad, the plot was unbelievable, and the visuals were very boring and boring. It's really sad to see that a few movies have to come this way, especially after the "The Road" and "The Matrix" movies, but I'm just glad to have finally seen a bad movies. The story seemed to be really bad and the plot didn't really make sense. The only thing I enjoyed about it was the music, and it looked pretty bad.  I think this is the only movie that I have seen where the director could not understand how a movie was made, and just started to make up a story, without ever explaining the movie first.  The only reason I gave this movie 4 stars is because of the music. I don't really like the music in movies. I think that it's just plain bad. This is the first movie that really got me bored with movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just plain awful. I had to turn it off in disgust after the first ten minutes. The story was boring and it was just awful to sit through. The acting was awful and the direction was very poor. I have seen worse, but I have never experienced such a bad showing from a director. The only reason why I watched this is because I'm a sucker for a cute girl in a bad film. I guess that is the appeal of these films. The idea is that a guy is obsessed with a cute chick. The problem is that it's just plain annoying and stupid. It was just one more example of the type of films that have ruined the industry. The girl in this film was probably the worst I've ever seen. She was just a horrible piece of trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good movie should have something going for it, and this one doesn't. For starters, there's no story. The movie never seems to be moving towards a conclusion, and the plot gets a little repetitive. The director doesn't really know how to use the film and the acting is not much better than the script, which isn't that bad at all. I found the characters, even the main one, annoying, and even the cinematography looked really bad. The music was very bland, and there was no real chemistry between the characters.  I could have done without the "exotic" theme music (the same used in the movie in the end), and the movie would have been a lot better.  The movie had a couple of scenes that made me think that the writer was playing to the movie-makers' interests by not actually telling the story, and I don't know if that was intentional. I could see how it could be perceived that the movie had been made up of half-baked plot twists, but the movie does nothing to justify the story.  It's an abomination. It's not even a good horror movie.   The only good part was the ending, but it didn't make up for the bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so incredibly predictable that I could've easily written it off as a rip-off of "The Hunger Games", the "Harry Potter" movies, and "Frozen". However, unlike the other films I have reviewed so far, this movie was actually a sequel to "The Hobbit". This movie is so poorly written, and so poorly acted, that it would've been at least three times better if the actors had not been so damn awful.  "The Lord of the Rings" and "The Fellowship of the Ring" were good movies. I was able to see the first film as a child, so I had no problem with it. However, "The Lost City of Z" was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. If you want to see what the writers of this movie had in mind, go see "The Walking Dead". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's only one positive thing about this movie: it's so poorly made. I've seen better, more interesting movies made by better filmmakers than this one. It's so bland and generic that I can't imagine it getting better. The writing is so bad that it makes me want to punch it. The acting is so wooden that I feel like I'm watching a kid's cartoon. I can see how this movie was made, but I can also tell that the director didn't care. I'm not saying that this movie is the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's not an impressive movie by any measure.  The script is so poorly written that I found myself laughing the entire time. The characters are so boring that I laughed during most of the movie. The ending was so clichd that I almost laughed when the movie was over. I know I can be harsh about the movie, but this is the first movie I'd ever seen that I didn't want to watch again. It wasn't even worth watching on DVD, and I wish it hadn't been.   There is only one movie that I would recommend people see, and that is the documentary version of "The Lost City of Z". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an interesting premise, but sadly it is so poorly acted and directed that you don't care for it at all.  I found the characters to be stereotypical and unlikable, with only one character I actually found likable. The plot was so weak that I couldn't care less about the rest of the movie. It is an amusing premise, unfortunately there are far better movies out there.  If you want to watch a badly acted and poorly directed movie, I would recommend checking out "The Green Mile", "The Staircase", "I Saw The Light", "Lunch Money", "A Time to Kill", "Love Actually", "Little Children" and "Dangerous Men". If you don' care about anything, check out "A Boy's Own", "Jamaica Inn", "Naked", "Red Rock" and the "Lolita". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't even close to the best movie I've ever seen in my life, but it is the most disappointing, least entertaining, and most annoying movie I ever saw. The acting is so poor, the direction is so poorly done, the plot is so weak, the dialog is so annoying and it's just a total waste of time.  I think it's worth giving it a 1/10, but I'm not even sure I'll watch the whole thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was an embarrassment. I could not get through the first 15 minutes. I wanted to pull the plug, but it was too late. I had to endure the rest of it. The plot was completely made up. It had no suspense, no emotional drive, and no emotion. The acting was terrible. The only reason the movie is even a couple of minutes longer than it should be is because I waited so long for the ending that it gave me the chance to stop and ponder. I'm sure if I'd waited any longer I would have seen the ending and gone on to something else.   I wish the filmmakers had been as honest as they could have been. It is very easy to make a good movie. I can't believe this was the worst movie I've ever seen. It should have just ended when it started. If the filmmakers would have kept the story going, I think they could've done a lot better. It's just so sad that the director and cast could do so much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just found this, and I'm sorry.  But, I'm not sure how to review it. It was pretty awful. It had nothing to do with the show or the show's theme. It just wasn't very entertaining. The only reason I rated it lower was because I was impressed by the animation.  Overall, it was just OK. I would not recommend it, especially not if you are a fan of the show. It's a waste of time if you watch it for the animation alone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie at least once in two different theaters in New York. On the second viewing, I was struck by the amount of time it took for the two characters to talk about their relationship, and I was even surprised that the actors didn't know the plot and could've done without all the unnecessary dialog. On another view, the plot is really boring, and it's the characters who suffer the most. If you want to watch a movie without any entertainment value, watch the first 30 minutes of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand how people can say that this movie is so entertaining. I'm not a big fan of the first two films in the series, but they're still enjoyable films for the most part. The reason why this movie fails is because it's so unbelievably horrible. If I had to put my hand on the scale, this movie would be rated an 8 out of 10. The plot is stupid, the acting is laughable, and the special effects are a joke.  A typical movie from a low budget, not to mention poorly made. I would like to recommend people to just ignore this movie altogether. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so shocked and dismayed at seeing this movie, and it really made me question why I'm still watching this rubbish. I am a huge fan of films with a lot of originality, and I'm hoping that I am being biased. This movie has no originality at all. It's not funny, it's not cute, it is just plain awful. I think I'm just too naive to expect a movie to be funny, cute and appealing to children. The plot is really, really bad, and the acting is terrible. It is almost impossible to take this movie seriously. I'm embarrassed to be seen with a movie like this. I just felt like I was watching a really bad remake of "Rent" which is a really great movie, I think this one was worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing the trailers, I thought this film was going to be a very odd and darkly funny piece of cinema, and I was very excited to see how the film would be filmed, and at times it was. But it wasn't. It was just a bunch of recycled clips from other films.  One of the biggest disappointments of this film is that there was no humour to it. There was no wit or anything funny to be found. The story was predictable, and the film itself wasn't funny. It's a shame that such a good film was wasted, and that it should have ended up on DVD. It had all the elements that a film should have, but it could not have made the viewer laugh. It felt like a very long movie and there was not a single funny moment. I thought the film was not even remotely funny. I was not entertained by the story at all. There were too many clips from earlier films. It wasn't just a compilation of clips from films, it was just another clip from the same films. This was a waste of time and it was disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was really hard to watch, and it really took the enjoyment out of the film. It seemed to be going nowhere. You would get to the end of the movie and there would be nothing to say.   You will get the feeling that the director is just putting the film together without really caring if the story makes sense.  I'm not sure what the plot was supposed to be, but I'm guessing it wasn't a thriller. I know I'm going to watch the movie again, because I just really hate that movie.  If you like movies that are going nowhere in the last 10 minutes of the end, then don't watch this movie. If you're really interested in the movie you will have to wait until it's released in a couple of years, because this movie will be awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just a bunch of boring characters, bad jokes, and very little substance.  What was the point in making this? What did the filmmakers intend to say? I don't get it. They didn't really make it up and we can't really figure out why.  It also contains an awful song, so, yeah, not that great either.  Just an awful waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've heard some good things about this film, but I have to say that it was the worst movie I've ever seen. I thought it was an interesting look at the way a young man's life can go. Unfortunately, the script was so bad that I'm not even sure the actors were actors. I have no idea how they got the job. And I'm going to say it again. If you're looking for a "fun" film, this isn't the film for you. The acting was terrible. It was very strange and very slow-paced. The cinematography was very bad, especially in the beginning. The plot wasn't much better.  It had a very sad ending. The last half hour was just an awful waste of time. The story should have ended much earlier.  The movie was so terrible that I don't even want to give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film and it sucked.  First of all the acting was awful. All the cast and the director should have thought of that before making the film. There was no way to have any chemistry between any of the characters. They all looked the same in their costumes and in their faces. And when the camera did catch some moments of the movie I was too late. All of the actors were so uncomfortable with each other. The one thing I really hated was the opening credits, which showed a very simple shot of the title sequence of the film, which was so long and boring I couldn't get through it. I just wanted to get out of the theater and never came back. The only thing I was happy about was the ending. I think it would have been better if they had just left the ending to the audience. It was really hard to stay with this movie because of the terrible acting and the awful music. I would recommend skipping this movie, if you want to see a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those films that has been made in an attempt to "get" a certain genre and genre is not even a genre anymore. It's just one giant waste of money and the worst of the worst. It takes itself way too seriously and has a really boring storyline (which I can't blame on the script) and a boring (but believable) supporting cast.  This isn't a bad film; it just isn't good. The script is terrible, the direction is terrible and the acting is so bad that it could have been better with a less talented actor. The only redeeming factor is the fact that the special effects are pretty cool. But those special effects were not enough to save the film from being a waste of time. I'm not sure why it even got made. I don't understand the point of making it.  I gave this movie 2/10, but only because it was so boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After a few hours of watching this film, I could see that I had missed one of the main points of the movie.  The movie has one main plotline, and it goes on for too long without ever addressing anything else. What is there to say? It is very boring.  It should have been cut down to about 4 minutes of pure filler. It was too long, and too repetitive. There was little plot, and very little character development. It just made me want to scream.  If you don't like boring movies, or you want a more interesting story, I would recommend a good horror movie: "Cabin in the Woods", "The House That Dripped Blood" or "A House Is Haunted".   This movie is not worth watching, unless you are bored, or have very low standards. This is an example of a movie made for "semi-popular" audiences. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, I must admit that I was somewhat surprised to see this film when it was first released. I was expecting a bit more from a comedy-horror film, especially when it seemed to be a bit of a rip-off of the recent horror films.  The only thing that made the film worthwhile was the cast, which was somewhat enjoyable in some spots but far too much in others. It's unfortunate that this film only made it to 2 hours and 40 minutes. The acting was bad, the story was bad and the ending was worse. The film never felt like it was all that it was capable of.  It's a pity because this film is one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen, which is saying something. I'd rate it lower than an average film at least. It was not funny, it was not scary, it did not even seem that it had a lot of heart. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've watched and reviewed a few movies and I can say that this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. First of all, it is just a horrible excuse to make a movie. It was a pretty bad movie with bad direction and a weak script. The acting was awful. It is just not worth a movie and if you can find the DVD, buy it, but don't waste your money.  The plot is very weak.  Don't waste a dime of your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so predictable and predictable that I could not care less. The acting was awful, the plot was ridiculous, the acting was bad, and I don't even know where to begin with the story. The plot was so shallow that I really had no clue what the plot of this movie was supposed to be about until the very end.  I could watch this movie forever and still not be able to figure out the plot. The movie has been made by someone who obviously knows nothing about film, but apparently is good at acting. I can't believe that anyone would actually be able and willing to watch this film without actually having watched the original. The ending was also so predictable that it made no sense. This movie is a total waste of time, and if you're really looking for a laugh, I would recommend giving it to a friend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on a plane and it looked so real and believable, but after I watched it, I couldn't understand why the director couldn't figure out a way to make the characters sound more like actual people. I mean, how can a man who has just started his career in film actually talk like a girl? How can a person in his early twenties have the same level of knowledge as someone in his mid to late twenties? How does a man of his age get the time to build up a family, save money, and develop his own skills, while also living a happy, normal life? What makes a good movie: a) the script was awful, and b) the acting was abysmal. The acting was so amateurish that it would make even an amateur actor go into an embarrassed state. The whole movie felt like it was written by a 12-year-old who could only do the acting part because the movie had no plot or purpose, and then got the time period wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an absolutely dreadful movie. It's just one of those "Hollywood" horror films where the script is so shallow that it's actually a challenge to keep from laughing at the actors and the script. If you're looking for a good horror movie that doesn't come across as shallow or pretentious, you might want to give this one a pass. But if you're an adult and you're expecting a little more from your horror movies, you're going to get disappointed.  The plot is not particularly original. The acting is just as shallow as it gets, and the acting is pretty bad for a film where there are so many competent actors. There are few moments where the film gets interesting. The story never really gets out of the ordinary and the film never seems to really connect with anyone. There is one moment where a woman is killed and you can see how the killer might have felt at his own victim. However, it doesn't add anything to the movie or make it worth watching. The worst thing about this film is the script itself. The movie is so bad that the movie makes you wonder how much better horror movies could have been. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a serial killer. He kills people, and kills women. I mean people! Like, really kill people. You don't have to watch this movie to know this. This movie isn't worth watching if you want to learn about serial killers. It's just not interesting to watch. It is not interesting.  This was made by someone who had never made a horror movie before. The story is predictable and the characters are all cardboard. I don't know if they had any intention of making a horror film, but that doesn't make this any less of a bad film. I can't believe that someone who has never made any kind of horror film would have made this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm giving this 4 stars because it was OK, but there was a lot of bad. If you have to watch this movie, do not watch it in a theater. Go to a video store. I'm not sure if the video store has a video rental, but I went to a Walmart video store to rent this movie. It was terrible. I was watching it on a TV. If I was in a movie theater, I would have gotten the 1 star rating, but it was not in the theater. The DVD had the DVD case open and there was no time to open it. The video was so bad that it was almost like watching a video that was supposed to be a DVD. It would have been OK if it was on DVD, but the video quality was poor. I can't believe anyone who bought it would actually want to watch it on DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My review is just that. I don't care how much you are paying to see this movie. I care that it is in your house. If it is, just don't see it.  I mean, this movie is awful. The acting is so bad. The writing is so...crap...I don't even know how to explain it. I mean it is so stupid, that I'm almost sorry that I was able to watch it. And, of course, the acting is terrible in general. They don't do a bad job of this, but...you know, they are just so bad that it makes it difficult to even enjoy the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so far from a film, I am not sure what it is supposed to be, and the ending is extremely predictable.  The movie is so boring and I don't think I can watch any of the footage. The acting is poor. I can't believe that this was made for public viewing. I feel that this should have been aired on public television. If it was made to entertain, it should have made sense. I think that it was done by someone who really has no interest in this type of film. I would like to see them show a movie that is not so stupid that you can't understand it.   I really hope that this is just one of those shows that people make to gain money. It is nothing that this movie was made. If you are going to watch a movie where you are not entertained, don't watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a very basic story of a man and a woman having sex with each other only for them to die and the woman becoming a ghost. The girl and man are both shown having sex in the shower (with each other) but never having sex together (and they both die). The girl is not really interested in sex at all and never goes on any dates. The man is a bit more sexually adventurous than the girl and always has sex with someone else. The guy has a girlfriend that he meets a few times but never acts on them. It's a very predictable and shallow story but the actors have no charisma or talent and the movie isn't very good. The only saving grace is the director is a good student in the art school and knows how to do a low budget production, but he made a few mistakes.  The girl's mother and father are shown with a very small, insignificant and boring relationship and the relationship between the girl's sister and her boyfriend is shown with no sexual tension.  It's not a movie that I recommend you watch, it's just very boring and there is no point to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this video about the "worst movie ever", I've seen it many times before and I think that this video is just a copy of "The Wizard", but this video seems to have some kind of copyright issue with it. The original was shot in 1970, the DVD was shot 30 years later, the footage used seems to be from an older film, and the actors seem to be older than in the original, this video has some amateurish acting and not that much talent. I'm sure this video was made with the intention to make money, and for some of the actors, it probably did.  It also includes a lot of swear words and some really bad jokes, but that's what you expect from an "8" video. I don't know how much money this video made, I just know that it made me feel sick and I've got a feeling that I'm going to throw up from the nausea that this movie caused. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first time I ever had to comment on a bad horror movie.  It's about a little girl who goes to an abandoned house and finds out there is a demon lurking there. I am a fan of Stephen King movies and this is one of the worst. It was so boring I had to stop watching it after two minutes.  The movie is so poorly made that I have no idea how it even made it into the movie. It has no sound effects and it's too slow to see it. It's not even scary, in fact it's quite boring.  I would like to know how the producers of this movie found this movie so hard to make. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie before, but never once got to see it again.   The movie is about a teenager named Kyle who goes to a boarding school, and has a friend named Chris who is a cheerleader. Kyle is so jealous that he wants to beat up Chris, so he asks Chris to go to the school's basketball game, which Chris accepts. He gets a ticket to the game, but is prevented by the school coach who wants to give Kyle his ticket back. Kyle does beat up the coach, and Chris is thrown out of the game. Kyle wants to get revenge, so his friends decide to get rid of Chris. However, they lose the game because Chris is too good. Kyle tries to kill Chris by choking him with a basketball, but he dies. Kyle's friends, who are still upset with Chris, get him killed. Kyle leaves to kill people, but ends up getting killed by Chris.  The only redeeming quality of the movie is the fact that the ending is very predictable. This movie is horrible.  I give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not about a murder mystery, it's about a murderer who kills and kills and tries to cover it up by killing others and keeping the murder mystery alive. It's not really believable and not really scary either. The actors were awful, the direction was awful and the plot is horrible.  If you want a killer that is not going to kill people, do not watch this movie. If you're going to watch this film and it gets your blood boiling, don't even bother. Just don't buy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is very disappointing. It is basically a horror movie without any kind of horror at all, or even any kind. If you want to see the original 'Horror Movie,' you'll have to get it on DVD. If not, you'll probably find this movie a waste of your time.  If you enjoy the original horror movies, you will be disappointed. If I had known this movie was so bad, I wouldn't have bothered watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be a waste of my time and that of others who found it entertaining. I was especially disappointed in the characters and in the fact that there was no real story. The movie was about a guy (I think a guy named Matt) who lives in a world of high octane adventure and action that involves a few different people and a lot of guns. His life is interesting, but he has no personality or character traits that make it worthwhile to watch.  He's a very typical "toy" hero in the way that he's always getting himself killed by the bad guys (a few times even by other people's guns) but he gets away with it and then gets to be the hero when he goes off to fight a good guy and save the world. But he doesn't care about his girlfriend or his friends, he never cares about anything except what he does, and the movie goes on for like 3 hours without a single thought in his head. The only thing that kept me watching the movie was the end when the bad guy is defeated and Matt says he's going to get revenge on the baddies, but no one cares about that.  I really felt like I was watching something I had seen a hundred times before and I had to turn off and look for something else. This movie is so bad that I felt like a total idiot for watching it.   If you want to see a boring and predictable action movie that you can watch for hours on end, I'd say don't waste your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm no expert in this kind of movie but I've seen it a few times, and have never been impressed. I guess that's why they keep doing it. I mean, they made the first version and that was OK. But then they just kept changing the story and never bothered to change the movie itself. You know, the movie just starts off as usual, and then it suddenly turns into some kind of horror film where you hear weird noises and see things that are not really there.  In this case, they should have just made the movie with the other guy, but I guess they didn't want to go through the hassle of actually making it.  I can't say it's not as bad as it looks. It's not that good of a movie, but it's certainly not terrible either. I'm not sure how it would have been any better if they had just made a movie where the bad guy was a woman, but the idea of a woman as the villain doesn't make much sense, unless they were just making it for a comedy.  There's no real plot, but there's plenty of stupid scenes where you get the feeling that this was made as an attempt at a horror film, but failed to realize that the film was made in the way that they had decided to make it, so it's just so incredibly stupid and so devoid of imagination that I don't know why they made it. You'll have to decide for yourself.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, the acting is terrible. A few scenes are interesting, but a lot of the movie is made of awkward silence. The plot has no logic and is full of inconsistencies. A couple of times the movie jumps around from place to place. The ending is weak and the movie makes no sense. The movie starts off slow, then it takes a turn for the worst.  The worst part is the music. The songs were all about something or someone that was not there. I really wanted to know why the movie had no musical numbers and then all of a sudden there were two songs in the middle of the first act! What is that, a song about a woman that was never in the movie! I wish I could be more positive about this movie.  I am sorry that this movie made me feel bad for watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just plain awful. The acting, direction and script are terrible. I found it boring and devoid of any substance whatsoever. I just don't know how it could have gotten this kind of a rating from the critics.  I don't understand how anyone who gives this movie 2 out of 10 stars can say it's a good movie. This is an absolute waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years ago I discovered the existence of this awful, and I think I'm going to miss it when I finally get the opportunity to see it on DVD. This movie isn't worth my time and I'll never watch this crap again. I mean it's not even a good movie!  The film was so bad, I literally threw it on the DVD player and wished I had never seen it. The acting is awful, the story is so weak and there's no reason for the ending. I can't believe anyone would actually watch this movie.  The acting, I believe, is better in the original "The Amityville Horror" or "Night of the Living Dead" which are two of the better horror films ever made.  I know some people are going to read the negative review, but I can assure you it is not a joke. I really wish I had the nerve to see the original Amity Island Horror before I saw this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was very disappointing. I mean, there were many things that could have been better. The story was not even believable. The only thing that made it funny was the fact that the characters acted so stupid. I guess it was supposed to be a comedy but it was not.  The acting was so bad that it was really disappointing. If you want to see a good acting, go see a movie like The Green Hornet. It has a great cast and a great script. However, that is not what this movie is about. It is supposed to make you laugh but that is very unlikely to happen with this movie. It was a waste of your time. I recommend the "The Dark Knight" and "The Mask" over this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought I'd read all the reviews for this one but I read none. It was just too much. A movie so bad I don't know how anyone could possibly sit through it. A lot of the plot is unnecessary and it's pretty obvious that none of the characters were in the slightest bit believable. I'm not a big horror fan but this was so far below the standards I have come to expect from horror films. It seemed like the director didn't care that there was an audience and just wanted to do whatever he wanted to. There are a lot of great movies out there. They all deserve praise but the "Wake in Hell" trilogy is one of the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie at a cinema in Poland. This was probably the second or third time I saw this movie. And I can say that the last movie I saw, "Shanghai" was the better movie. I am sorry to say that this movie is absolutely awful. The plot is so poorly developed, the acting is so bad, the direction is so poor. Even the music is awful, there are just too many pointless shots and there is too much continuity. The movie just isn't entertaining. The last time I was watching this movie, I got very bored. I didn't even care to see the movie again, I just wanted to see something else. The worst thing is that it was so incredibly slow. It seemed like I was doing a whole lot of watching and nothing happened. It just wasn't funny at all.  It has ruined my time of watching movies. I just want to get my money back from this movie so I can move on. This movie was absolutely pointless.  I would like to give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what I can say about a movie: it has nothing to offer except a couple of scenes in the beginning. It's the movie in which you spend most of the time in the bathroom trying to figure out if the person in the next room is a guy or a girl, trying to find out what the person is wearing, trying desperately to get to the bottom of a mystery that has been unfolding since the beginning of the movie.  The movie was only worth watching if you are a fan of the kind of movies I was watching it.  This movie has no idea what it is supposed to be doing, or what it should be doing. There is no real plot, no characters that seem to have personalities, and only one plot device that I cannot explain away. The whole movie is filled with stupid scenes that would be funny if they were not so stupid. The ending is so unbelievably predictable that you have to laugh to stay from losing your mind. If you want to watch a movie where the only thing that counts is whether you will laugh or cry, this is the movie for you.  Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, I did like the idea of a comedy about the "Worst movie ever made" being made, so I was pleased when it was announced. I saw the trailer and thought it was a nice idea. I found it hard to believe the director, Mike Nichols, would have made a movie so bad. I felt like it was the worst excuse ever. I thought the acting was awful. The script was not well written. I kept waiting for something to happen that would make it all better. It did not happen. I just got a headache. If I were you, I would wait to see the DVD, because it looks awful.  If you can endure the headache, watch the movie, because the DVD is pretty good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was absolutely boring. Every character was a boring character, the movie is really bad. Even when the movie was good it was really not worth seeing. I don't know if the script was so bad that the movie could be made. Maybe the writers weren't familiar with the way the movie industry works. Maybe they just made it so that the film would be made, and they just didn't know how to make a good movie out of it. This movie isn't a comedy. I mean, they actually make jokes about the stupidity of people who believe in religion and are so ignorant that they don't even know what a movie is supposed to do. I guess it would be better if they made a comedy about the stupid people who don't understand that movies are supposed to be funny and that they shouldn't waste their lives watching this movie that they can just watch a better movie with. The acting was not good either. This is an insult to the people who created this movie and to the writers of this movie. I gave this movie a 2 because it was at least worth watching, but the movie didn't deserve to be rated 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was absolutely awful. The acting was not very good, and the writing wasn't very good either. The story was not really interesting at all, and even the plot was not all that original. The plot line was predictable. In the end, this film just didn't work at all. I just felt that the director had wasted a lot of money and time. I would give this movie a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an insult to the intelligence of the average viewer. There's absolutely no plot, no character development, no depth, and nothing that's worth seeing other than the bare minimum of what you can get out of the camera.  A movie where the camera zooms in on the breasts of a naked woman and the mouth of a drunk woman, then zooms out to show the camera pan over the back of a woman's head and her ass. Then we get an extended flashback where the woman is in an alley, getting punched and slapped by some thugs, and the camera is going between her butt cheeks, her chest, and her tits, and it's so slow and boring and so over the top that it's almost not funny anymore.  The only redeeming qualities of this movie are the few bits that actually do make a movie. The movie's plot is a complete joke. It's about a bunch of guys in a bar, where all the guys are drunk and all the women are prostitutes. This is the kind of movie that's so stupid that you wonder why it was ever made in the first place. The only thing that keeps this movie from being completely terrible is that it has a great song in it, which, if you listen to the song, will give you an idea of how terrible the movie really is. I'm not sure if the song is meant to be funny or not, but I'm guessing it's not. If you listen, you'll probably find the song really annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first watched this in college, and thought it was funny, then I watched it again years later when it had been released on DVD and found it to be one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen. It seemed like it had no plot, and most of the jokes were recycled from the Twilight Zone episode "Nightmare at 20,000 Feet".  I've seen some bad horror movies, but this one is one of those that will make you wonder if you even bothered to see it at all. This movie is just an over-the-top comedy, without any kind of horror element.  The acting is so bad, that you could almost think it was an episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer. The dialog is so poor that it's hard to believe that there are any actors capable of it. If you can't handle a bad horror movie, just stay away from this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was an utter disappointment. The script was completely unnecessary and the acting was just awful. The only saving grace was that the acting looked like it could have been done better. But even that is beside the point. The movie is so bad that it actually hurts. The actors have no personality, the story doesn't make sense and the plot is so convoluted that it's impossible to follow. The special effects were OK, but I couldn't understand how they made them. There are just too many mistakes in the movie. It's like a bunch of people sat down and decided what the movie was supposed to be. In short, it was just a bunch-of-bad-bros. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say I'm really surprised this movie was rated PG-13. There was no actual danger involved in this movie. The main character is a man who can't sleep in the dark, and he has to fight to get out of bed every morning. This movie really isn't scary, it's just a long scene where a few characters talk about why they're here. I know that in the original movie the main character was in jail. This is the same guy, except he was sent to the mental hospital instead of prison.  The ending is lame and unimpressive, it just goes on and on about what is going on without ever showing the ending, and never really says anything that is important. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is an example of Hollywood making a big splash but then taking that buzz and making it into a bad action film that just goes downhill. The story is completely incoherent and there is no real plan for the story, save for the fact that there is a plan.  It takes a while for the movie to get going, and the film gets stuck in a lot of unnecessary, boring, or just plain ridiculous scenes. One example that sticks out is the scene where a character, who is a very attractive woman, is in the middle of having a very, very short, and uneventful conversation with the movie's villain. He is clearly annoyed that she hasn't noticed that he is a bad guy. But, after the scene, she turns and walks away.   The film has very little to do with the source material, which is very hard to interpret. It looks like a poorly thought out attempt to cash in on the "Bond" craze.  And the plot, although good at times, is totally awful. There is absolutely no reason to pay any attention to anything that is happening.  But, the movie isn't even bad for being awful. It's just terrible, and I can only imagine how much worse it could have been if the director and cast had worked out a plan that worked. The movie just doesn't make any sense, and there are too many other examples of bad action films from the same era. If they really want to make a "B" film that can actually compete with "A" films, then they need to focus on making the action more credible and less bombastic. The idea that Hollywood can't make a good action movie is just ridiculous. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like movies with plot twists, a slow start and an irritatingly slow, uninspired script, then "The Last Samurai" is the movie for you.  There are many twists to it, but they don't make up for the lack of a plot and interesting characters. The acting is below average, the acting is predictable and the writing is a big disappointment. The plot is completely out of place and there's a lot of pointless bits of plot that only serve to drag the movie along for the rest of the movie.  The story is told entirely through flashback, but there are some interesting bits in the flashbacks that make it somewhat watchable.  Don't waste your time on this movie. If you're looking for a slow and dull, uninteresting movie, you won't find it here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a world that is dominated by women-centered movies and dramas, I was expecting something special.  Instead, I watched the last episode of The Twilight Saga and The Last Princess. Both of these movies were made by the same studio, Dreamworks, that also produced movies such as Gremlins 2 and A Nightmare on Elm Street 2. The only difference is that they are two movies starring female leads, not the other way around. I was hoping to see something special, but the only thing I can think of that came close is the TV show Madam C.J. Walker, which starred her husband, a former professional wrestler. I can't say that I liked it, but I did like the first movie in the series, A Nightmare On Elm Street.  It wasn't really scary, but it wasn't fun either.  The acting was a little bit better than the first one, but not by much. The whole cast, including the lead actresses, were awful. The director, Michael Apted, was no better. The acting in the last movie was so awful, I can only assume that they wanted to make a joke out of the whole thing.  I would give the film 2 out of 10. I'm giving it 1 out of 20.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The House That Jack Built" was so-so. It was predictable and lacked any sort of momentum. It had an irritating premise and it was too easy to dismiss. But I can't blame the director. He made this flick for a small budget and a tight deadline. But he didn't even try. It just turned out to be a really slow train wreck of a film. And there's a really good reason why: there's not enough time for the story to be developed properly. This is one of those cases where the script needs to be rewritten to bring it up to a decent level. There's no point in putting a director out of a job by not giving him enough time to tell a story, especially if it's a bad one. The plot is so shallow and the acting is so wooden and it just doesn't have the feel of a "House That Jack Builds". It feels like the writer of the script wanted to make a movie and just couldn't do it.  And that's what this movie was, a really bad movie. It has the potential to be entertaining, but it just gets worse and worse the more you watch.   And to make matters worse, this movie is a waste of time.  It's a sad reflection on our society. We don't care if people like a bad flick or not. We just don't give them a chance. And that is really sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this on DVD on a recent trip to the cinema. The film is so poorly made it makes my hair stand on end. It looks like a low budget, amateur, low budget movie that has been made in a week. The acting is pretty awful and the story is predictable and unbelievable. The characters are not believable. I found the scene with the car accident scene so unbelievable it was so far out of place.  The story itself is not interesting and is a huge disappointment. The only reason I gave it a 3 is because of the great "Wacky Races" DVD and the "Wag a Pig" DVD.  I was really hoping the movie would be as funny as the DVD. But it seems it wasn't. I would recommend not buying this DVD, or the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot has no suspense. You just get to see what happens and what isn't. Nothing to get excited about.  The acting is OK, but it is just a low budget production. There are no big names here. There's no one who looks like a true Hollywood star. All the actors look like they have been acting in movies for years. And the director of this film, Chris Duskin, is just an amateur who had never directed a movie before. I was disappointed that this was so bad that the studio wouldn't release the movie on DVD.  It is a waste of time for a film that looks so weak.  I'm just glad I didn't see this movie when I was seven. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that the director of this film is a huge fan of the video game and, even though he is also a fan of movies, this film does not deserve to be a video game movie. It just isn't that good, the characters don't have any real personalities or even believable personalities. The cinematography is terrible, the acting is terrible and the editing is awful.  The script is also horrible. There are so many things that are supposed to happen that are never explained, never explained. You have no idea who the characters are supposed be. The movie never gives us the impression that the movie is made for a video games magazine. It's like a movie made for teenagers, but not by teenagers. This movie would have been better if it had been made for an adult, like the director was a video gaming enthusiast. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not even sure if I wanted to like this movie at all, but it turned out to be a complete disappointment. It's very obvious that the director has very little knowledge of what movies are about, and this is what really bothered me. I would have liked to see the movie as a whole, but at the end it just seemed like there was no way to make it worthwhile. I really did not care for this movie, but the idea behind it was really interesting. Unfortunately, it just became a huge waste of time and money. The acting was also bad, and the writing was so bad that I found myself watching the movie just to get it over with. It was an embarrassing disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just another excuse to spend an hour on a bad film: an excuse to get the viewers to sit there and watch as many horrible things as possible, while the actors talk, drink, and act like they're just having a good time, and while the director tries to make the viewer care about their characters. But the problem isn't the actors, or the direction, or even the camera work (the film looks terrible when it's not edited). The problem is the script. It's too bad.  And I really can't believe they wasted all that time and money on such a pointless project.   I don't care what the director said about the script, because it's so bad. It would have been better to have used it for a good film about a good movie: a "real" story, about real people, that you could actually relate to. This movie is just another piece of garbage. I'm not sure how they got the rights to the script - or if they're actually going to release it - but I'm guessing it's just a waste of money.  I can't recommend this movie because it just isn't good enough. And it probably won't make anyone any money, either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry, I'm going to say it, but I'm not a "tolerant" person. I can watch the most ridiculous movies in the world, and even when I do, I don't have any interest in them.  The problem is, I find myself not liking the films that are so ridiculous that I actually want to hate them. For instance, I hate this movie.  I can't believe that I just watched it. It was so stupid that I laughed it off. The actors in it were all so bad, that I could not believe that they were even in it. This was not a good movie, but it wasn't a bad one.  This movie was so boring and uninteresting, that it is really difficult to give a rating. I mean, the acting was bad, the plot was stupid, and the acting and the plot were so bad that it was almost impossible to give any rating.  If you want to see a bad film, you should buy some of the "Bad Movie Nights" DVD series. It's much better than this movie was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie three times now. I can only assume that this is the first movie that made me hate the actors. If you don't want to read all the way down, I'll tell you the basics: The movie begins with a "romance" between two men. After the "romances" stop, the movie goes into a "twist". I assume that the reason for this twist is that the two men are about to get married, but the twist ends after the two have already married. It is unclear how they got married. The movie ends with two guys in the middle of the desert. They are about half-asleep.  The movie is about half an hour long. There is only one plot point that makes sense. The two guys get a surprise visit from their friends who they met in the "twists". The movie doesn't make much sense. There are two reasons for the plot twist: One is that they are having a "crush" on each other, and the other is that it was intended for the two guys to act out a romance plot.  It is an awful movie. It makes the audience feel bad for the characters because the movie tries to make us feel bad about them. The story is so weak that it makes you wonder if the movie was actually made for teenagers. If they were teenagers, they would have had to be stupid. The characters are so stupid that you want to kill them because they are so dumb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching the film, and I noticed the director had the idea of making a sequel to "Raiders of the Lost Ark" - a film which is probably his best. "Raids of the lost Ark" has been so widely praised, that I thought it would be a great movie. However, the film's story is a bit too simple for an audience to appreciate the movie's content. This is not to say that "Raid" was a bad film. It was a very basic story, which was far too formulaic to be enjoyable. The action scenes were not much fun, and the acting was very uninteresting. I have seen worse. However... the film was just too shallow to have any kind of an impact. The story is not even worth mentioning, except to say it made the film more entertaining.  I found the film to be boring, with a lot of needless references.   This movie was bad. It would be far better if it was released as a DVD, with all the sound removed, and all the special effects replaced with stock footage. This would be the only way this movie could be redeemed, because the movie is completely uninteresting without its original theme. The film is just an embarrassment, with no redeeming value. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just plain awful, it's so low budget, it was awful. I just didn't get into it at all, it felt like I was watching a bad version of the "The Biggest Loser". The contestants had no chemistry and it just didnt feel like a real contest.  I cant say anything positive about the actors though, it just felt like they had little to do with the material they were acting in and there wasn't much of a story to it either. I didn't know why they would have taken this job if they were really going to make a movie. The best thing about it is the music, but it's not really that good either.  Oh and the title is lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like the original Ghostbusters.  The movie is a mess. The plot is completely nonsensical, and the character is the worst.  Also, I have to say that I like Chris Rock and Chris Kattan. The movie does not reflect their talents. I can't say that much about Chris Kratan, though.  I think that they made a bad decision.  My rating is a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie looks so boring and poorly put together it is difficult to understand why anyone ever chose to watch this film. There are so many problems, that they are almost impossible to figure out. The film is so poorly written, that even the actors in it are completely useless in it. Even though the script and direction are so bad, the movie still manages to be entertaining to watch. The plot is so shallow and predictable, that it is impossible to make any sense of it, and it is extremely annoying and predictable. The actors in the film are so badly put together, that there is no way they could have done the script justice. The characters are so unlikable, that you have to wonder if they even have the personalities that they portray. The acting is so awful, that the movie is so boring, that I actually found myself unable to continue watching. The entire movie could be made into an hour and a half of television, but I am not going to waste an hour of your time on something that is so completely devoid of any plot or direction, and so terribly awful, and still managed to make it into the theaters. I am sure that if you really want to see a bad film, you could just buy the DVD and rent this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was interesting and some of the cast was interesting. The script was a bit of a mess and the plot was not very original. The acting was very wooden and the cinematography was terrible. The only thing I liked was the fact that the whole movie was about a woman getting drunk and having sex with a man. I did like the ending, but it was really not all that memorable. The movie is about a drunk woman having sex and then having sex again with the man she slept with the first time. I would not recommend watching this movie. It was just not interesting and not even worth my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible, awful movie that doesn't make any sense and leaves a bitter taste in your mouth.  It should have been a comedy. But it was really a bunch of actors trying to imitate other actors. The whole thing seemed like it was filmed with no care for the story. The acting was awful. The story was lame, and the ending was even worse. The script was awful and the direction was awful (though the directing was good for the movie). The movie was completely devoid of humor and very slow. It made no sense, it was boring, and it made the characters feel so unlikable and unlikably. The actors could have made a better movie with a different script.  Overall, a terrible movie that just makes you want to go back to the dark days of when horror movies were terrible.  I would have thought that the director of this movie was actually the guy that made this movie, because he did have a good script. This movie is an embarrassment and I don't know why anyone would have liked it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many things wrong with this movie. First off, the fact that the character's father died from an overdose is completely unbelievable. The fact that their father's house was being torn apart by the fire that the family suffered is unbelievable. This whole movie is just a pile of crap. I did not care for the movie at all. I could have done without the ending. I felt cheated.  There were some scenes that were funny but the rest of the movie was so boring and pointless. I saw this movie for the first time and I thought I had seen it before. The actors were completely inept and I felt like I was watching a bad sketch on TV. I cannot recommend this movie because it's a waste of time and money. If you like movies where characters get killed and your characters' family is ruined by a fire, go to the movies with a friend who's into those types of movies. If they don't have the money to see this movie, don't buy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good movie would have a bit more energy and charm to it. I was expecting a lot more out of this movie. I had seen the trailer and read some reviews on here and I thought the script was okay, but the direction was terrible. I couldn't get into it and I think the only reason I watched it is because I saw the trailer. I would have been better off waiting to see the movie.  The acting was terrible, and the story didn't really get anywhere. This movie made me want to throw the DVD out of the window. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is about a bunch of high school students (or perhaps a bunch from a high school) getting together to celebrate their graduation. One of them is a "girlie" who is very into being a nerd.  The problem is that she is a girl, not a girlie, and she is also not very attractive to guys (unless they're very handsome or very attractive).  There's also some weird stuff about the movie: the "boy-crazy" guy who is obsessed with the girl; the girl who likes "boy stuff"; the girl's boyfriend; the boyfriend's sister who thinks that the boyfriend is a freak; etc.  I wish this movie would have been better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a horror writer and I read this book once but the last page I read was the last bit of horror I ever read. I was about eight years old when I first read this novel. It's a waste of time and money. It makes absolutely no sense and there's no plot. It was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought I saw this film in my local theater, but when I went on to look for it on the internet, I couldn't find it. It seems that the film was in some way banned, or not permitted to be shown in some theaters in Germany. If you can find this film, I would recommend not watching it.  The story is very lame, it's not even a story. It's just an attempt to make a low budget film. The director tried to make the story seem a bit more interesting by having the hero get to know the other main characters. It seemed to me that the director could have just put the main characters in the same room, and the movie would have been the same.  It was supposed to be a short film, and was probably released at the end of the month, but I don't think it made it to DVD.  This film is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I would advise you to go out and see it if you can, but don't bother if you don't want to see it. Just get a copy of "A Simple Man", which is a much better film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie in the late 90's when it came out. It was supposed to be the next "B" movie for Disney and to me it looked like it had all the same problems as "The Little Mermaid", except it was even worse.  In the original Disney version, Ariel was actually a mermaid, not a princess. Ariel was a person with a love for humans and as such was not allowed to live with humans. However, in this version, she's forced to live as a human and the whole idea that she is a mer, because she was a human, is completely stupid. The whole story is completely ridiculous and the story line between Ariel and the humans is so bad that the whole thing is so weak that you're probably laughing as you watch. The acting is terrible, especially with the role of Ariel. It's all about the plot and it never really goes anywhere and the movie never really gets a chance to develop. The idea that Ariel was raised by humans was pretty silly.  All in all, a bad Disney movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film contains so much bullshit that I would like to say something to make this review less negative, but I can't think of anything. It's really hard to review a movie like this, because the acting is so bad. The story has absolutely no logic and the story is so weak that the script would be a waste of time. There is nothing to suggest the character's actions are anything but stupid. They just act like they are fighting a giant dragon or some such stupid fantasy. I can understand the plot if they are a group of evil cultists, but this film makes no sense at all. There are some scenes that are actually interesting, but they are so poorly done that you just feel like it's going to end in a giant mess. I feel like the writers had absolutely no clue what they were doing and decided to do this movie because it was fun. It isn't.  The actors have a very bad habit of playing their characters so convincingly that they lose any credibility they once had. You are forced to feel sorry for them because of how awful their performance is.  Some of the actors have some good acting in them, but most of the time they don't seem to be trying very hard at all because they are not trying at all to make a good movie. It really makes you wonder if they have any talent at all at all (they have tried to imitate the "good" actors in the movies they have made).  It's just a complete waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is absolutely nothing to see in this movie. There are no memorable characters and there is absolutely no story. What's worse, the movie never even begins.  It has no story and no plot and the plot is only predictable. The movie has a few shots of the cast, but they are very boring. The acting is awful, there are very few laugh-out-loud moments and none of the scenes are very memorable. The ending is predictable and the movie is only marginally better than the first episode of The A-Team.  The movie is so bad that it's hard to recommend it. There is nothing to watch except for a few episodes of the Simpsons and the rest of the cartoons. It's just not worth watching. It might make you feel like you're watching a crappy show, but that's all it's worth. It really is that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a little embarrassing that such a bad film is even considered to be a worthy film for a film festival.  One would think that an event like this would at least have some artistic merit and not be simply the glorification of a poor movie. And yet, despite that, this film is being shown in competition. A shame, really. It's probably the worst film I've ever seen in a competition.  And then it comes to the end, and you realize the film is a bunch of badly done, and utterly unnecessary, sets.  I don't mean to be harsh, but that's what I thought when I first saw it. It really was a shame.  It could have been the director's first feature, if not for the lack of anything else to suggest. It could at least be the director at least had a few decent ideas to go with it.  If anything, this was a case of a director who didn't know how to make a film of his own, and didn't care to try. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of the movie looks like a cross between "Dirty Harry" and "Fool's Day". I didn't like any of the main cast members. I thought they should have just done a straight parody of "The Naked Gun", "The Rifleman", "Killing Spree", and "The Man With the Golden Gun".  But what is the point? It's not a comedy. It's just another one of those mindless B movies that are really boring. The only good thing about it is that it makes a few good laughs, but that's all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film many times, but I have never watched it. This film is so boring and so stupid that you would think it was made by a 12 year old kid who wanted to show off. The story line is stupid. Why does the main character have a baby with his sister? Why does he have to work in the coal mines? Why did the wife stay in the same house? Why didn't the main wife leave the house? The reason why I don't like this film is because it contains nothing but stupid. I can't believe it when people say that this film was a "critically acclaimed" film. This is the only film that has ever been made with a score of 7/10. This movie is just a waste of time. I hate this film and I hate the people who make it. I just want them to make better films that actually do have a plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so terribly, horribly, awful. Every scene was just so horrible. Every line was a cliche of some kind.  The only thing that was redeeming was the ending.  I can't believe it was this terrible. The acting was bad, the story was bad and the music was terrible. It really was a shame to watch it.  If you are a film-maker who is not a fan of horror, please don't waste your time on this film. The only reason I am writing this review is because I love horror films. I have seen them all, from the low-budget to the best. This film left me with nothing but sadness. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Criminal" is an utter waste of time, both time and money. It is basically an elaborate, but boring, one-shot comedy that takes place in a small, sleepy village.  The story revolves around a "bad guy" who has stolen all the money in the village and decides to rob it from its residents. He takes the gold out of the vaults and, as soon as the gold is back in the vault, the villagers realize it has been robbed. They all band together to find the culprit and, ultimately, they get their money back, but they don't have enough to pay their victims.  There is absolutely no suspense in this film. The bad guy, despite being so evil that he will kill everyone in the entire village, will be found, defeated, and will walk away with nothing. The whole time the village is trying to catch him and kill him.  "Crime" is a waste of the viewer's time and doesn't really interest anyone. The characters are not even remotely believable. Even the village's chief is a stereotypical idiot, complete with ridiculous gestures and a ridiculous accent. The only good part of "Crime", apart from the "village people", is the music. The song that plays throughout the entire film is so awful, it is hard to believe that anyone else made it. The lyrics make no sense, but the music does. The music is terrible, but is still tolerable.  I really wanted to like this film, but, as the film progressed, I grew more and more disenchanted. I found the characters to be stupid and dull. Even worse, I found myself getting sick of the "bad guys". The film never manages to make us care about anything. The actors are all too busy talking about themselves and each other.  In the end, "Crime"...is...really...just a complete waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a title and a tagline and some credits but it's just so boring and the plot is boring. It's not funny and there's hardly any humor in it.  You'll watch it for the plot and the ending and that's all. But there are no plot developments, no character development and no real comedy in this movie.  If I was to rate this movie, it would be 1 out of 10.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In all honesty, I did enjoy the first few minutes of this film, but the whole movie gets worse as the movie goes on. The acting was not good, the plot was weak, and the direction was bad.  I did not like the music at all.  My rating is one star out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a very odd and confusing plot that seems to be based on a character that was mentioned in one of the previous episodes of the show. It would be more appropriate to say that it is the original episode from season 1. I would like to point out that there are two episodes that have the same plot and the same characters in them.  I would also like to say, that this movie looks terrible on DVD. It looks very amateurish, as if it was made on a low budget.  The acting is awful, the sound is terrible and the animation looks very crude and unpolished. The whole movie is really disappointing, I have seen far worse movies than this one. It really doesn't deserve a rating of 2/10, but it should have been at least a 1/10. The reason I rated this movie a 2/4 is because of the few good things it does have. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this when I was 14 years old and it made me feel so stupid that I almost started screaming. It was the worst movie I have ever seen. I think I had a brain freeze when it was over. The acting was terrible and the characters were boring. It seemed like a Disney movie, not an "The Simpsons" movie. I wish the writer had put more effort into his script.  I wish that I had never seen it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not for kids. It's about a very bad and predictable story. The plot is predictable and boring. The movie is a total waste of time. It is just a few scenes that I have seen, that is the best way to describe it. It isn't even funny. I think the movie would have been better if it had a storyline that wasn't so predictable.  If you want to see a kid's movie that has some humor, but doesn't have much plot, go to The Adventures of Daffodil Dancer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never had a problem with my father watching this type of thing. I can recall, however, seeing him watch the same kind of thing on the TV. I think he's gotten much better over the years, but he still has some of these types of films, such as "The Godfather" series. He's a great guy and he loves to laugh at people, but this is just plain awful.  The story has little to do with the movie and is very shallow. The cast is completely forgettable and the acting is not good either. It would have been a good idea to have the actors read the script.  If you want to see some of that, watch "The Three Stooges". It has more substance and has a very enjoyable story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a small family (Nate, the father, and his wife, Gail, who is a lawyer) trying to take care of their elderly father, who died of a heart attack when he was only 38. After Nate was convicted of murder, Gedrey becomes a free man. He's soon arrested for a crime that was actually committed by Nate, and the family is thrown into chaos.  In the end, Nate and Gedry are both convicted and sent to prison for a decade. It's just another boring story of a family's life being ruined by a father who just doesn't care about them. And then the credits roll... and the movie never happens again.  I can't believe how a bunch of people made a movie with such a terrible script and still get away with making it. The characters were boring, the story was stupid, the movie had no emotional depth. It was a complete waste of time.  What a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little more than an hour and a half, this film is a complete waste of time. The film is slow, and boring, and the script, which is filled with one-liners and a lot of clichs. Even though the film was made for an international audience, it is so lacking in the content of the film that I would expect a more original script. If I had been expecting something good from this film, I would have expected something like "Borat", or something that was not made to appeal to Americans.  This is one of those films that will only appeal to people that are not interested in a good movie.  The movie seems to have been made by someone that didn't understand what movies are. If you really like the concept, don't watch this film. If it were up to me, I wouldn't have spent an hour of my life watching this film at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm an American who has lived in the US for more than a few years. This is the first time I've seen a "foreign" movie with a bad story line and bad acting.  The only reason this movie could have been good is because of the plot. The story is not interesting and there are no real emotions. It's just a plot to fill time. And that plot is pretty weak. I would never see this movie again. I give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a very weak attempt at a sci-fi thriller. It seems to be just about every plot element of the original movie but the plot doesn't really make sense. The actors, who are supposedly the stars of this movie, are so underdeveloped that you almost get bored of them. The acting is also extremely low, but I can't say for certain. The story itself is rather dull and not all that well-crafted. The CGI looks pretty ugly. If you're a fan of the "Alien" series, you'll probably enjoy this movie more than you would the "Predator".  It seems like the producers of this film had very little money and were very short on ideas. It's like an episode of "Lost", only without the cool alien and cool special effects.  I give it a rating of 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't even remotely entertaining or funny. The acting is terrible and the jokes fall flat every time. I found it so painful that I was actually shaking my head at the end. The only positive part of the movie was the music. However, the songs were pretty weak and had no emotion to them whatsoever.  The director, Kevin Sorbo, was a total jackass who didn't understand how to make a movie work, and didn't care about the acting. The actors were terrible, and I just wished they would've made a movie with a bit more personality and humor. If you're a fan of Sorbo's films, don't waste your time watching this movie. It was just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am one of those who have never seen a good movie and never will.  This movie, though it was well-written, has some of the worst acting in film history. And the script is not very interesting at all. I have seen this script so many times that I don't think I am missing anything. It is simply bad. This is one of the many movies I have watched where the script has been completely and totally rewritten by the director.  The original script, by John Hughes, was a comedy that was about the plight of the average guy. It was actually quite funny, with a little bit of a hint of humor, but the script was so horrible that I think it should have just been made into a movie with no credits. The original movie had some good music, but it wasn't very good.  Now, this movie is a low-budget "horror" movie, which is a very strange thing. If you are going to make a low budget horror movie, make sure that you have at least $10 million to spend on it. Make sure that it is a really bad movie. I mean, make it a lowbudget "porn" with a sex scene and some gore, like the old "Screamers", but a lowbrow horror movie. It's got to be so boring. It has to be this way because it was made so cheaply. And if it were made to be a good horror movie...you'd see it in the next five years. It would have been made for a much better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I think that's one of the worst movies I have ever seen, I mean I think I'm normally pretty good at movies but I don't think I've ever seen this one before.  It looks like it was made on an old computer. The animation is a bit choppy and the actors are pretty bad. But it looks like they did the best they could. There's some funny stuff in there but it's not the funniest thing ever. I just didn't like the story line and the way it was filmed. The acting was pretty bad too. The actors looked like they had really big egos. I dont think they were trying too hard to look like they were in the movie, I just thought they were being too over the top.  The movie is so bad I don' t think I would watch it again. It was just an awful movie.  I really dislike horror movies, they just don't do it for me anymore. I'm really surprised that I ever saw this movie. Maybe it would have worked out better if it was a "horror" movie. There were some pretty creepy scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's not much point in reviewing movies about the British invasion of the American Civil War, since this particular movie is just another tedious and pointless excuse for the producers to put on a silly and repetitive series of "historical" scenes, as if they were making an action film for "American History" rather than a war movie. The movie looks like a cheap, badly edited, and uninspired film about a really boring war.  The only redeeming factor was the really good performance of the movie's lead, Mark Rylance, who played a very stereotypical "British" soldier, and had the good sense to turn the movie into a romantic comedy, rather than something that was all too serious and all too cheesy.  I just can't understand why the movie makers felt the need to waste the film's money on this utterly pointless film. I would have rather they made a serious and fun film that was more about the American war and the American people and the real personalities that came to the battlefield.  In the future, the producers of this film will probably look at the historical movie: "The American Revolution: The Story of a Nation", made by the same company and directed by Michael Haneke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was pretty good, but it was just so disappointing. The movie is about a guy who is trying to save his sister and his sister's sister's brother from getting arrested, and that's pretty much it.  But what really bothered me was the fact that they put all the characters in one room and it was so dark that it looked like a movie from an 80s horror film. I just want to point out that there are plenty of characters in this movie that have very serious problems and are very scary and that would have made the movie much better.  I just feel like they really missed the mark.  The acting was also so bad. You would expect a lot more from someone like Michael Caine or Michael Douglas.  All in all, it was a very, very, VERY, VERY poor movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been to two or three movies in my life, and this is easily the worst one. The plot is absolutely awful. It is a complete waste of time, and the acting is awful. I have seen better action movies that aren't so bad, but this is by far the worst I've ever seen. The story is so bad that the movie actually begins with the heroes and their friends talking about their pasts, and how they want to get back on their feet. The characters are so flat, and all the jokes are so weak that it almost makes the movie better. Even the ending is not good. The whole movie is about how the hero's friends won't let him get out of prison, and they have to go through a horrible prison-escape-like sequence, only to find themselves back on the streets.  The heroes actually die in the final confrontation with the villains. And the heroes' friends are so unlikable, that you can't even cheer them on to make it through. You just feel disgusted that they're so unliked. And this movie has absolutely no point. It's just an awful movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never seen this movie, but I did read an article in the New York Times about it in a Sunday morning newspaper and was looking forward to seeing it. It's got a pretty good plot line but the acting is not good. The actor who plays a doctor and who appears in the movie is supposed to be a famous surgeon. He does not look like a surgeon, or even an average surgeon, but he does look like he's got it all together. The rest of the movie makes no sense. It is completely unwatchable and really boring. I would not recommend this movie to anyone unless they are looking for a low budget horror movie, which is not a bad thing, I just prefer movies with good acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If the film had been a little more entertaining and had some decent directing, I would have loved it. However, the acting was terrible and the plot was just plain lame.  It was one of the worst acting I have ever seen. Some of the actors could not have been that old to begin with.  The film had no dialog, no story and really no idea how to even make a story.  I would not recommend this film for anyone who wants to watch a bad film. It was very poorly acted and it was just a waste of time. I did not enjoy this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this movie as it was supposed to be a movie called "The Naked Cowboy". The director was supposed make the first movie "The Lone Ranger", the story was completely different. The plot was a huge mess. I didn't get the feeling that it was made for children and I found it hard to believe it was a true movie. I found the acting to be terrible. I was also surprised that the characters looked so old.  The first two scenes were supposed to end with a cowboy riding a horse. The whole movie seemed to be made to look like an old western movie, but the director didn't make it look that way.  Overall it was pretty lame and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I can't believe they put out this film without knowing what they were doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My husband and I were in on the joke that "the world will never accept the truth of the movie. So, why not go on a date with the person who believes in the movie? The movie does not tell us the reason, but it does tell us. There is a girl who wants to meet a man who is a believer in the movies. The girl meets the man in a bar and then they are thrown together and the movie starts off a little slow. The movie is full of cheesy jokes and stupid dialog. This movie does nothing to the movies characters. It has no redeeming value. There are better movies to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad, very long, and incredibly boring film, this movie was just a big mess. The actors were the only positive element in this movie, and the movie just dragged on and on. If I ever saw a movie where the actors were so bad that the movie was actually funny, I would do everything in my power to stop it.  If you want to watch a movie with some good actors, try "The Life Aquatic." The only positive in this film was that it had a great plot line, and it wasn't too slow. But it's too late for a remake.  This movie should have been at least an 8. It would have been a 10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a very disappointing movie. I am a big fan of the show, so I really expected something great, but what I saw was something that is pretty much an insult to my intelligence. It was so boring, and even when it seemed to be amusing to watch, it made no sense. The only thing that kept me watching was the music, which was completely forgettable.  I think it would have been better if they had never made a movie. The way it was made, it was just not believable at all.  The only redeeming quality I can say for it is that it has the best villain ever in a Disney movie. That was the only thing I could say to make the movie better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a kid with special powers and can transform into a dragon. He can fly, create fire and destroy the world with no effort. In this movie, it looks like he is a total loser. The guy has no friends, no family, no girlfriend and nothing to live for. And what's worse, it's about a guy who is a complete waste of time. There are no scenes where he shows any kind of talent, even the actor who plays his father has nothing to say about his son's stupid movie. And then it gets worse. I guess if the director was interested in making a great movie, he should have made the movie about a superhero who transforms into a big guy with giant muscles.  If you have a problem with making a movie, don't bother. Just don't make a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that keeps me from giving this movie a negative rating is the fact that it's so terrible. It has some great ideas, but the execution is so awful that I felt I was watching the most boring movie ever made. I mean, there's nothing interesting about a movie where all the characters are always talking to each other, and when the movie actually starts to happen, I feel cheated because the characters never actually do anything. It's just a bunch of characters sitting around talking about each other and having no plot line to speak of.  I'm not sure what the director was thinking, but what I do know is that the movie never manages to hit the level of incompetence that I would have expected. The acting is awful, the directing is awful (despite the fact he was directing a comedy in high school), and the script is so boring that it makes the "good" bits feel like they were made for the sole purpose of making the movie as bad as possible.  This movie is not funny, it's not interesting, it doesn't make me want to see it again, and I would like to recommend it to no one at all. The only redeeming factor in the movie is the final line of dialog. This line is so stupid that it could be a real sentence, and it is so devoid of humor that it doesn' make the movie better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not that I dislike the characters, they were very entertaining but not entertaining enough. It is the fact that they were so awful and I couldn't help but to get bored with them. It was almost impossible to get into the movie without being bored. The only redeeming feature was the fact the movie had a decent cast. That is the only good thing about this movie, that it had the stars, but the acting was so bad that it didn't even make the movie worth watching.  The movie starts out very interesting. You know, it is a romantic comedy so you expect that the story would get better and better, but instead it only gets worse and worse. It's like a bunch of actors are having an argument about whether to make the film more dramatic or not, and then all of a sudden they start yelling and screaming at each other and the movie ends up in a buncha characters yelling and yelling at eachother.  It should have stayed in the 'drama' genre, but because it was a comedy, they couldn't be bothered to make a movie in that genre.  This movie is an absolute waste of time, because if the story were interesting and exciting then it would have been worth watching all the way through. If you want to see a romantic movie that is a waste of your time, then this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After being spoiled by "Shrek 2" I was looking forward to watching this movie. I knew there were no jokes, and I thought the plot would be a lot funnier. Unfortunately, I'm still waiting for the sequel. I thought they were going to make this sequel a little better than the first. I think it should have been released in DVD. I'm disappointed that it has become a "D" rating, and it looks like the movie will be coming out in 4 to 5 months. It's just a waste of money. If you're looking for a laugh, don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a total mess. It has no story line. It's an action flick and there are only two main characters. It could be interesting to see how the story of the main characters goes, but I just can't see the point of this film. The only character who comes to life is the "Boys" character, which he appears in only a few times throughout the entire film.  It's a horrible waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had never seen this movie before I saw it on this site but just found it after looking at the comments. I guess the makers had never done the sequel to this. This movie is a complete disaster. First off, the movie was filmed in a really bad way (looks like it was filmed on a cheap camera), and the acting was pretty bad (I think they used a lot of stock actors). There was no plot. There was a few moments where you thought the characters were trying to do a little bit of humor. The story had no connection to anything we saw in the first movie. It was not a very fun movie to watch. I think the director/writer had a hard time making the movie work because the movie had no story. The actors did not make the characters likable. It did not seem like they cared about the characters, they were just playing out some sort of character. I felt really uncomfortable watching this movie. The ending was pretty lame and I did not understand why it was a joke.  I did enjoy the ending because it seemed like the character who was going to kill the main character had the intention of dying but was killed instead. I was not even able to see what happened to the main characters in the second movie. I am not sure if this movie will get a positive review, but it did not look fun to watch either.  The worst part about the movie is the soundtrack. It sounds like a bunch of people had a bunch to do with the movie. In the original movie there was no music in the movie, only the sound of the camera. In this movie they had music for the movie and there were too many people to have that much fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had seen the movie at the local theater in Pittsburgh when I was in college, but I never got to see it on DVD. This movie was just plain boring. It was almost unwatchable. It looked like a really bad animated series. I know it is a low budget comedy, but it was just too far down the path to make it worth seeing.  I watched it from the beginning, and then I gave it to my friends and said, "You know, I think it was okay. But I can't take my eyes off it. I really don't know what the hell is going on." And that was the only way I could get it out of my system.  This movie isn't really worth watching on its own, but if you're looking for a comedy, I would say not to watch it. If you're a horror movie fan, don't watch this one. It is just too low budget and too unfunny. It's not even funny.  It's just not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is absolutely appalling. It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It starts off really well, but the script gets a bit stale as the film progresses. The story is too contrived and the acting is quite poor. The film is so unbelievable that the whole thing comes across as an excuse to make up for the previous films. I really don't understand why they made this one, as it has very little story line to it.  In the end it just feels like they are trying to get a cheap laugh from people. The entire cast is really irritating and the writing is not very good either.  The only redeeming quality about the film is that it has a pretty good soundtrack, but you really need to have a good soundtrack to appreciate this film. If you want to see a really poor film that has a horrible script and is made up of a bunch of people who are really irritating, this is your movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has the most unbelievable line readings I have ever heard. The story is weak, and the actors are not good enough to pull off an acting challenge. I did not understand the story, I found myself watching the story through a completely different movie from the book. I found the movie a little difficult to understand at times. It's not like they did a great job in adapting the book, and I think the movie should be better than this. The acting was just plain bad. The actors should try to do better. I would give this movie 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this in the theatre when it was showing at a local theatre in a small town. It was just like the other, terrible horror movies that are so-called in the United States - it didn't even make it past the credits.  The acting was so-so and the acting was as usual - the acting, as usual, was terrible. I was so sickened that I was nearly vomiting.  In fact, I don't know how to explain why I watched this. It is as if the producer thought that a film can be made out of such a horrible idea, and so they made it. I dont know why anybody would watch this - it was like watching a bunch of teenagers play together in the movie theater.   I have no idea why the movie was made, and I dont know how it can be put back together.  Please don't waste your time watching this film, it is so terrible that it is just plain boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole idea of this movie is that the movie is supposed to be a real "slasher" movie, but it is just really awful. It is so bad, it's not funny. There are so many cheap scares and cheap kills that I have to wonder if the writers of this film know what they are doing. Some of the most egregious scenes of this flick involve people dying and/or getting their heads blown off by various killers (most notably the killer in the backseat of the car who gets a chance to get revenge on the victim when he is shot). But it also features the same kind of over-the-top violence and gore that you expect in a horror movie, only it's more annoying than scary. It has a very poor story, and even the actors who do try to make a point don't really make a coherent point. They are a little too willing to throw in a little humor, but they just don't seem to be able to pull off the other elements in the film.  In addition, the actors in the movie are all just very flat and boring.  And if that wasn't bad enough, the director of this terrible movie is an ex-cop who seems to hate the genre of horror, and is clearly incapable of directing anything that isn't a straight-to-video film. In other words, this is a movie that was made for people who just like to see people get their heads bashed in. It isn't worth watching, but I will admit that I gave it a couple of points for being a sort of "slashfest". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was alright. But I think that it had something to do with the fact that it was so long. The plot was so far from what I was expecting it to be, and the acting was so awful that I thought it was going to be one of those horror movies where the actors are just talking to the camera.  But it didn't have a great script and the actors were so horrible that I just wanted to leave the theater. The whole thing made me feel like I had to be alone with my thoughts and to watch movies for the sake of entertainment.  I guess I'll just watch "Gonzo" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I had a hard time watching the video, and the fact that we were alone, we could just let it happen. But after some time, I figured out that we must have heard it on the radio. This video is a real waste of time. It's like a real video of a video of what we heard on the internet. It would have been better if it was an audio clip of a real concert. The acting was terrible, and all of the material was unbelievable. The lyrics were predictable and the production was so terrible. The music and the movie looked so bad, it was hard to watch the video and try to be entertained. The whole thing felt like a cheap video with the actors pretending to be in a video, just to make money. I just wanted to say that I hated the video. I would never waste my time watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the absolute WORST movie I have ever seen, it is so awful that I have been watching it non stop since it was released in Japan. Even when the dub is good, the story does not make up for the awful dubbing, the acting is so bad, that the movie doesn't even come close to the original. The film was released to DVD in Japan, and then it was re-released on DVD in the US, so people can still enjoy it, but at this point I don't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so boring, I can't even remember what happened in it! I was expecting something with a bit of action but was disappointed. I don't think anyone even bothered to research this movie, the characters don't even act, just stand around. This movie could have been better, if the camera wasn't so shaky. I also don't understand why there's a giant robot on the ship and why it's so close to the bridge.  I don' t understand why it has to be so long! The script is so unbelievable, the only part that made sense was the opening scene.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had everything wrong. It was boring. I found myself bored after only 3 hours. There were a few moments of humor but overall it was just a mess. I think the whole movie was about 7 minutes of nothing.  The only thing that was funny was the song that was played over the entire movie. I just can't believe that this was made for a movie festival. I'm going to give it a 2 out of 10. It's a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, the movie is very bad. I mean, I really do like the music of this song, but it just comes off as stupid and amateurish. You just do not know what song is being played when you hear it. You really have to listen closely to understand the song's lyrics. You have to do a lot of listening to the movie and find the music to find the song that it is playing. It is pretty hard to do this because the movie cuts back and forth and doesn't even play the song for more than a few seconds. If you don't like the song, don't watch this movie. I think they should have cut the music out of the movie. It would have been a better movie if they just cut the whole movie and used the music on the credits.   I think that the movie could have been made into a comedy. The music is just so ridiculous that you would laugh in disbelief at what is actually happening in the movie, especially when you see the guys playing the song. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the worst thing I've seen in a long time. The whole thing was so slow, it seemed like it was made for a slower movie. There were so many unnecessary cut scenes, pointless flashbacks, and so many stupid characters. There are no explanations for why this was a bad film. There's no plot, no characters, no dialog. No story. There is a very basic plot to a horror movie, and that plot was totally ruined. The only thing that saved it from being a total disaster was that it was shot on 35mm film stock, but it's still awful. The lighting and camera work were awful. I just hope that the director and writer have a really good reason for making this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A "B" movie for the early 90's. I guess they figured they could use a movie that doesn't have a title like "Manhattan" and that has a very small budget. If the movie is that bad, it is worth remembering that it was actually released in 1989. That's more than 10 years ago, and yet the first review about this movie was written by somebody who was actually in the audience. The story is a lot like "Citizen Kane", but there are no surprises. There is no plot, no characters and the movie lasts about 1 hour and 20 minutes. If you like movies that are supposed to be "fun" you will probably like this movie. If not, don't waste your time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can honestly say that I did not care much for this movie, but I was hoping for something with a little more substance. The script, acting, and direction are all really, really awful. The acting is so-so, and the directing is painfully weak. I can't say that the acting was bad in the first two episodes, but by the third episode, the acting really began to sink into mediocrity. The writing was bad. There was not a single scene that was remotely interesting or interesting to read. There were a lot of moments that felt like they were going out of their way to make the movie more depressing. The plot, as a whole, felt completely pointless. I'm not sure how they made this movie so utterly forgettable without actually trying to make it any more interesting. I was expecting some sort of horror movie, so I was very disappointed. I saw this movie on the first day of a two-day holiday weekend, and I didn't want to see the movie again for another two days. I will say that it was better on the second day of my holiday. That said, I can only give it a 3. This movie is a total waste of time. If you're looking for something to do on a holiday weekend that's not supposed to be all that good, this movie probably isn't the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that has nothing to do with the original movie. There is absolutely nothing to the story, not even a hint of suspense, there is nothing to be learned about the characters and none of them feel like real people. The story line is so unbelievable that the characters in the movie actually feel like people who are acting rather than living. They act in a way that makes no sense and their characterizations are so flat that you would think that they were just made up characters.  I'm going to admit that this movie is pretty lame, but I didn't expect to like it so much. It's a total disappointment. I didnt think that the original "Citizen Kane" was as good as the film that was made for it, but this film, even with its awful writing, made me wonder why they decided to remake the movie. It wasn't the same story. It was just too much like the original.  The movie should have stayed out of the theaters. It is just too boring. I guess that's the reason they didn't do this, they didnte have the balls to release the original in theaters.  It's the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wish I could find this film in a DVD. I can't believe this rubbish film was released in the US. The story is a complete mess and the acting is awful. It's like someone put together a bunch of bad jokes and put a few scenes together that are really hard to follow and even harder to watch. The actors are so awful that I have to wonder if the director has any idea how to make an actor look good. I was extremely frustrated by the fact that I had to sit through this film over and over again and could not stop myself from giving it a bad review. I am so disgusted with the way the film treats every female character as if they are stupid. In a world where a male actor is the lead and the main character has to wear a t-shirt to portray a woman, this is just ridiculous. I guess this film was made to capitalize on the fact the movie has been released in US theaters. If you are going to see this movie and you have the opportunity to see a poorly acted film, just don't watch it and just move on to something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had no idea what I was watching or what to expect. I was about 5 minutes into the movie when I realized that I was in an Indian movie.  I watched this movie from beginning to end. I'm sorry, I couldn't stop watching. I laughed, I screamed and I laughed some more.  There was one redeeming point to this movie, I can only assume that it is because of the actors. I found it hard to believe that a group of people could be so stupid as to be so self-absorbed. I just assumed that everyone was in it for the money, not because they are Indians.   I hope you enjoyed this video, but you shouldn't have to watch it. If you're not a moron, you can skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of years ago I had a friend who was a director who worked on several horror films. One day he came across a DVD of this film and he said it was really bad. So I told him I wanted to see it. Well it turns out it was bad, it was so bad I thought I was going to have to do something with the video tape to it. After I watched the film, I realized it was one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  One of the problems is the acting. The whole film is filled with a bunch of clichd jokes, scenes that are just boring, and one of them I've seen before in one of these horror films where the guy is having his car towed away from a place where the police have been called in. That is the best way I can describe it.  I give it a rating of 1/10, because it's only an hour and twenty minutes long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a bad film by any means, but just in case it gets you off your stool, let me give you some hope. This movie is so far removed from the original comic that it is barely recognizable. It has very little in common with the comic and it has no idea how to make the comic entertaining.  I cannot believe anyone is expecting anything from this film. The plot is incredibly weak and the actors in it are very unconvincing.  If you can find a copy of the comic, do so and watch it with me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A great cast was wasted on a very poor film. The movie's sole redeeming feature is that it shows that John Gielgud (Grunion) can act well. However, when he can act, his performance is pretty weak. He's not much of a fighter, but the movie doesn't even have him fight. And while the story has a few redeeming features, the story is a mess and the acting is terrible. The story is not very good, but John Giunger is a pretty bad actor and he should never have been in the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big fan of horror films and this movie is no exception. I really wanted to see a different take on it but I just couldn't. The acting was laughable, the cinematography was bad and it was a complete waste of time. It was just a complete disaster.  This was an absolute waste of your time. I'm disappointed in myself for wasting my time watching this film. If you're going to waste your time on this film, I would suggest you take a couple of hours and watch this documentary instead. This movie is really just a waste of money. I can't believe the director was in such a rush to get the film made. I would just suggest you save your money and watch the documentary instead of wasting your time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie follows a couple, one a lawyer, one an FBI agent. The FBI agent is investigating a case involving a person who claims that they've killed someone while under the influence of a drug called DMT. This drug is supposed to help people who are "in touch with the afterlife". However, the person in question was never in contact with the "other side" of reality, and has been in contact only with people who have been on a high enough level of DMT to experience a death-like state.  The characters in this movie are really annoying, to the point where I felt it was necessary to yell at the screen just to get their attention. In addition to their annoyingness, the acting is just plain awful.  It's not worth watching unless you are a drug enthusiast, or if you are bored to death by movies. If you're a fan of horror movies, then this movie probably won't do anything for you. If your only interest in the film is for the nudity, then don't waste your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just a terrible waste of time. You can tell by the amount of time and money spent on it. The cast did not get the time to act with each other. The storyline was lame and uninteresting. It was not a bad film, but there was not much more that could be done to make it any better. The music was very unappealing. It is worth mentioning that the soundtrack was done by the same company that did the score for "Escape from New York". The only reason I am giving this movie 4 out of 10 is because the actors were able to make the movie interesting by having fun with each of the supporting characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. Not because the actors did not make a bad script, but because the movie just didn't have any point. No story, no direction, and absolutely no point. I'm going to watch the original Star Wars, because it's the best movie ever made.  But I won't be watching this. I was hoping for something better, and I didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was terrible. I didn't know the movie was made by a studio (like the previous ones) and was expecting some kind of parody, but instead I was left to believe that the actors were doing their best. It just made no sense at all.  I would recommend NOT watching this movie at all, unless you really love cheesy jokes. It's basically just a bunch of people telling their friends to act like idiots. I'm not kidding, this movie is really terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this movie was a little boring, but the second half was a real train wreck. The acting was atrocious, the storyline had no depth, and the acting was so bad, that I found myself wondering why anyone would be in a movie where a female character would have sex with a male character. It's almost like a porno, except that the sex scenes are supposed to be "cute".  The director was so eager to show that she didn't believe that there was a problem with her movie, that she actually asked if I thought the sex was bad.  The movie didn't make me think of a single thing after I watched it. I would have left the theater if I were given the choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, despite being released on DVD in Japan, was not released on video in the United States. I know that I shouldn't have even bothered looking for it. The story is nothing more than a set up for a poorly acted, poorly written, poorly directed, and horribly staged, action/thriller movie. It's not even really the story, but the script is so poorly written that the actors can't possibly act the same way that they do in real life, and the acting is so terrible that the audience is left wondering how much they could have been paid to be in this movie.  The only redeeming factor is the cast, and that is a very small factor. The movie's story is not worth the time and the money to watch it, and I'm sorry if I'm giving this movie 4/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "A Very Bad Movie: A Very, Very Bad movie: In the first half hour, it appears that they will be telling the story of a family who lived in an old house, and were the victims of a horrible tragedy. However, the second half hour turns into a nightmare and they end up in the house where they are supposed to be. However... the story is very, very slow. In the end, the whole family (or a part of it) are murdered, and the survivors get lost in a house where a ghost is haunting them, or are killed by a ghost.  The plot is completely and utterly boring.  And if you are a horror movie fanatic, this is a good example. It's one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It contains a lot of stupid ideas, and not enough horror.  Don't bother looking for it. It sucks, it's horrible, and if you have already seen this movie, you will see the same mistakes again.  I'm giving this a 0/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a desperate attempt to appeal to a younger audience, the producers of "Ghostbusters" decided to have a fun time with a bunch of old fashioned high school pranks. They had a bunch fun at their own expense, causing havoc, stealing property, and generally causing havoc.  As is often the case in these situations, the cast were either not up to the task or simply couldn't handle the material at all. Most of the cast members were either over age or simply not good enough. There were no believable jokes or any semblance of the original film's humor. In the end, I found myself laughing my ass off during the "Ghostbuster" portion of the movie. In fact, I was just laughing at the way the cast made fun of themselves, as opposed to the humor they were putting out on the screen.  The final product was actually just a lot worse than what I had expected. The humor was not particularly funny and the acting was just awful. It was so painfully predictable that I could not even laugh during the final scene, which is the movie's finale. I'm sure that the original cast members would have loved this movie, but I didn't. I can't say I blame the original crew for trying to make a funny little movie with some of the actors we had available, but they clearly had no clue how to put a cohesive script together and have it in a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is very silly but the script is worse than that of an amateurish amateur movie. The whole movie has nothing to do with the book. The book is a work of fiction, and the movie is a rip-off of the novel. There's a part of the book that has to do something with the movie, but this part is completely pointless.  The script was so poorly written, in fact, that I don't know if the movie was made to be released in the theaters. The actors all looked like they were not even interested in acting. In the beginning of the movie the only thing that got the movie's name out of the script was the "The Book of Mormon."  The movie is not funny, and it has nothing worth mentioning about the book except for its title. The plot is extremely predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the worst movie I've seen in my life. I'm not kidding. I can't even count how many times I've watched this movie and thought "that could have been a good movie". It's like a movie with no plot, characters, direction, or story. It's just an excuse to make the characters talk and act stupid.  I really wanted to like this movie, and I'm just sick of all the other movies I've been watching. I just want to watch the original movies instead of this horrible movie. I really like those movies, and it would be better to watch them than this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when it was first released in Japan and I had to see it again. The first time I saw it I was in shock. This movie is so badly written and so poorly directed. I think it's because they were under pressure to do something and just couldn't resist. I saw the movie as a fan of the original and I don't know how this movie could have possibly been made without it. I just can't believe this movie exists. The movie's only redeeming factor is that it has a lot of laughs, but they aren't very funny. I don was just too embarrassed to watch it to find out what was going on. I really didn't like the characters or the story line. The plot is so stupid and the movie is full of boring, predictable dialog. The actors are not very good and the writing is really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was absolutely terrible, the script and direction were so poorly written and acted. I have seen a couple of other movies in the genre but this was the worst. I thought the director and actors were the least likely to get it right, so I was surprised when the movie did not even come close to the level of mediocrity I have witnessed in many other films. There are some really good films in the category, but this is way below average. The acting was not much better either. The special effects were OK, but not good enough to justify the movie. The story was so boring that I was wondering if I would get bored. There were also too many characters, which could easily have been solved by having one or two really good characters, but they weren't in the movie at all. In a way it was a bad sequel to "Sick", which I thought was OK, because the premise was not so outrageous.  The film had a very weak and obvious plot twist. I didn't even know that the villain was the same as the one in "Sicker". I was shocked when I found out. The ending was stupid and I couldn't understand how it was all resolved. I gave this movie a 1/10 rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was no way that I could get through this movie without seeing the "Door's to Door" poster for the movie.  The only positive was the acting and the direction.  This movie has nothing to do with the show or the actors who appeared in it. I would have to guess that the writers and directors wanted to see a negative view of the series.  But that was only the beginning of the problem. The whole story line was so ridiculous that I couldn't believe what I was reading. I'm not sure if I would even be able to write this review without seeing that poster for myself.  I don't think that this movie would be worth watching if the only purpose was to shock people with what was being portrayed. But I don' t think that that is the main reason why people saw this movie. It probably wasn't intended to be a film for children.  If you are looking to watch this movie, I would suggest not watching the DVD because the DVD is way better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what to say other than I just want to say I'm not a film buff and I didn't like this movie. It was just an absolute disappointment to me. It is a movie about a couple that decide to adopt a baby from China. Unfortunately, they aren't really that good, because they have no idea how to raise the baby, and the story is way too predictable. The movie also doesn't even have a plot. It's just a bunch of scenes that are just stupid.  The movie was really just about the parents adopting a baby. It wasn't really a story, it was just about them adopting a Chinese baby.  I just can't believe that this is even made into a movie. I dont understand how anyone could make such a horrible movie. Maybe it would be okay if it were in Chinese, but it's just so awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, the movie doesn't have anything in it worth watching. The characters were a little too bland and a little not interesting enough to keep me interested.  I know that some people thought that the actors should have been better, but they didn't. They were a couple of people who probably have little talent and are not as good as the ones in the movies that are shown in their respective movies. The only good thing that I can say about the movie is that it was a nice, old-fashioned kind of horror film that I wouldn't want to watch.  The whole story was pretty bad, especially the end.  There is not much that you can do to prevent a movie from being terrible. The movie has very few effects and a very limited budget. You would think that a budget that low could produce something better, so if you want to see a bad horror movie, go for it. I think it would be better if the movie was titled "Scary Movie: The Last Time I Saw It." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with a great line, "It's an action movie without a plot." The movie is basically a bunch of people fighting one another and one of them wins, then the movie cuts away. You have no idea who the loser is, the loser does not have a job, the movie ends after the credits.  If you like action, this movie is pretty bad. If you don't like action movies, it's pretty good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was completely awful. It's one of those movies that was just awful, except for the one redeeming factor. It has one of the worst soundtracks ever made, that being the score for the movie. The sound effects were bad, and the animation was awful. This movie is so boring, that it's even fun to watch it, as long as you're not paying attention to the plot. I give it one star out of five. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. There was no character development, no story line, no reason for me to watch it, not even a decent dialog. There were just too many scenes of the characters saying nothing and having nothing to say. The whole movie just seemed like an afterthought and nothing more. This movie was just so boring, so stupid and so completely pointless. The only redeeming part was the music. The movie was so uninspired and uninspired that I just had to watch this thing. But there is no redeeming the fact that the movie was such a disaster. It was just the worst, the worst film I have seen in years. This is just an absolute disappointment for me. I don't understand how anyone could even consider this movie to be worth it. I'm sorry but I just couldn't stand watching it.   The movie had so many plot holes, so much confusion and so little plot that I was almost sick of it after the first ten minutes. This could have been so much better but I could not find any redeeming qualities. The script, the direction and the direction, the script, directing, direction, script, direction.  I don`t know what was going on in this movie. All I know is that I lost interest. It sucked. The story was so stupid, so flat and so boring that I could see the end in ten minutes but I didn't.  This movie should have never been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just plain stupid. The idea that there are aliens that come from other planets and want to invade our planet is just so stupid that it is laughable. It seems that this film makers are really clueless about how the real aliens would look like. There is no aliens that look like the creatures in this movie. The aliens are totally alien looking, and they do not look like anything we have ever seen in movies before. I really hope that the director of this movie was joking, because this movie makes no sense at all. The special effects look really poor, and the special effects in general seem to have no purpose at all, and just just look like there are some extra special effects.  I give this movie a rating of 1/10, because I really want to give it an 8. It is really, really, ridiculously bad. I just want to say, the movie is absolutely worthless, and I don't think there is anything remotely worth watching. If you are looking for a good movie that you can spend time on, you can find a better movie in the 2 hour and 15 minute long Sci-Fi/horror movie called "The Thing". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like the "Mad Max" of horror movies, but I'm not sure if that's even true. There's too much blood and violence. You know when you watch it, you want to turn it off. But if you are one of those people who thinks that the movies are supposed to be scary and scary movies, this is a bad time to watch them.  There's a lot of bad actors in this movie, and a lot that could have been done better. I was not impressed with any of the characters or their voices. It's really hard to believe that a guy could be so horrible that he would get a career in horror. The writing is bad, and the movie's direction is poor. The only thing that kept me watching was the "WTF?" ending, which is an insult to anyone who loves a good "Wacky Video Game" ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad. I really wanted to love this movie, but I just can't. There is no humor or fun to be found. The cast is awful, the story is unbelievable, and the ending was just plain sad.  This is a bad comedy about a woman (I assume) that dies and is reincarnated. I guess that makes sense because it is a comedy about the death of a woman. The movie doesn't even try to cover the basic story of a person who is reincarnating as a woman in this world. It really doesn't make any sense.  I don't know if I can even be allowed to review this, because it's so ridiculous and the acting is so atrocious that I really don't care. But I'm sorry that I was so stupid that I watched it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a movie about a young man (T.V. legend Michael J. Fox) who goes to his brother's funeral and accidentally shoots his brother. After he finds the body, he finds out he has a daughter (Jodie Sweet), but she has no idea what she's been through.  The movie is supposed to be based on a book by the late author Arthur Miller. The story itself is really weak and the acting is terrible. The movie doesn't go anywhere and is a total waste of time.  My recommendation would be to just don't watch it, and just wait for the next time when it comes out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never been a fan of movies from the 70's (or most 80's films) which had no real story line, plot, or even any semblance of a plot, unless they were made by Hollywood.  I had no idea why I was going to see this, and I was not. I did not care for the story, or the acting, or anything else about it. I have seen worse movies in the 70s, but never this bad. I am not sure why it made it through the whole 90 minutes. I was just hoping to see an update on the movie "The King's Tale" and they didn't. I thought that the movie was just a bunch of clips from the King's tale, and that the King was being murdered. I didn't know that the clips were actually clips from "The Chronicles of Nukeem", which is a movie about the King. I don't care what he looks like, or how old he looks, or what's in his pants, or his beard, or where he's hiding.  In fact, I just want him to get away from us. I want to kill him. I would like to see the King come back. And he doesn't care if he gets killed. I just don't like the King that much.  What's up with all of the "A" in this movie? What did they even do in it? It's just like the movie: "A", "B", "C", "D", and then A,B,C,D.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a fan of a good thriller. But this is too far. It's not even funny. The story is stupid. The acting is horrible.  It's the only reason I'm giving it 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only redeeming quality of this movie is that it has its moments. It's a very disappointing movie. The story is pretty unbelievable. It feels like a low budget, low budget TV movie. It isn't even funny. It doesn't seem to have any sense of humour. It just feels like an awful, unfunny film that people were forced to watch because it was a low-budget film. I think it would have worked better as a low key TV movie, but as it was an extended commercial for a very poorly made video game, the movie really lost its charm. I give it a very low rating. I really wanted to like this movie, and I really didn't like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie, just a bad one. Not only did they try to use a bit of the old James Bond movies in the story, but it was also very predictable. It's not like Bond is always a straight forward kind of character. In fact I think he is very much in control of his own destiny and can be rather unpredictable. It just felt a bit out of place and very predictable in the end. It was also really boring, although it was the kind of boring that a lot of movies are. It has a bit more action than most other movies, but nothing that makes it worth seeing, and that's what counts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am just going to say what is not to be missed in this film, it's just plain bad. You can get the whole story of the movie, and you can understand that it was not made for children, but for adults. And for adults that is a joke.  The plot is so flat, and the plot so stupid, and that's just the tip of the iceberg. And that's a good movie for kids.  It is not just a bad film, but an extremely boring film to be watched.  I just want to point out what is so terrible about it, it is not funny, and it is just plain stupid. The movie has no story at all, it has no plot, it doesn't have any story, it just has a story that has no point.   And if you think I am exaggerating, well, I'm sorry, but I am. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has got to be the worst film I've seen since the first time I saw it. It was actually pretty funny but I was so sick of it that I was unable to finish it. If you want a laugh you will find it in the end credits.  There's no need to see it because it's basically just one giant boring movie where the main character tries to kill a bad guy. The only reason why I watched it is because I want to see what kind of a "bad movie" is that I would want to watch. But if you really want to find a bad horror film I would recommend this: I will never go back and watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film once. The only thing I remember was that the title was "The Last House on the Left." That's all I got. I watched it once, and I watched again. And again, I watched. And I watched some more. I just don't know what the hell this movie was supposed to be about, because it is so utterly incoherent and incoherent that I can't even make out the words that are being used. It has a story that sounds like the kind of thing that would have been on a Saturday night, in some small town in the Midwest, in 1985. A boy (Josh Hart) goes to the school nurse (Helen Clarke) to ask for help, and she doesn't help him at all. He says that he saw a girl in the bathroom and he had to go out into the street to get help from a man who was helping the girl. It sounds like a typical story about the girl who was raped. It even has some of the same kind of music that is used in "The Silence of the Lambs" (The Silence). The plot is so terrible that it sounds like it was written by someone who has never read the book. I'm not even sure what book this was supposed too. It is a complete mess of a movie. It should have been shot in slow motion so that the characters would move faster. I've never seen a movie in which the actors' heads were moving in slow-motion. The slow motion was more reminiscent of the "The Room" (2000), and the movie made me want to throw up in disgust. The actors all look like they are on a low budget, because they were.  I give the movie 2 out of 10. It's not a bad film, just terrible. It was awful, and the only good thing about it was that I saw it once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a little more from the original 'The Last Unicorn'. This movie is about a girl who is raised by wolves in the forest. When she meets a young boy she thinks he is her brother, and the two of them make their way into the town, only to be captured by the evil witch.  The movie never manages to achieve anything other than a dull, boring, and overlong, and it is clear that the director doesn't have any ideas. He just tried to imitate the book by adapting it for his own purposes, and unfortunately, it didn't work. The film is a sad waste of time. The only reason I gave it a 2 is because it's an interesting story and the ending was nice, but it was just so boring.  It would have been much better if it had ended the movie at the end of the movie, since then the story would have gone more in the direction of a 'tales' type movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has the same story lines as the previous "Star Trek" movies, but the script is so bad that it can hardly be believed. It's not that the actors were bad, they are just bad in general. They just did a bad job, and the result is that this film just isn't that much fun.  "Star Wars" fans are more than happy to have this piece of crap made, but they should know that it's just as bad.  In "Star War", they created a lot of space battles, and they had a great actor playing a great role. This movie, however, lacks the imagination that was seen in "Star Tours", and the lack of the plot makes the story a complete joke.  The only thing "StarWars" fans should remember about this movie is that it should have been a "StarTours" instead of a "B-Movie".  This movie is just plain stupid, and it's a shame that so many people like it. It should be a waste of your time and your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was one thing that bothered me. When a doctor is about to give the patient an injection of the virus, he looks at the syringe.  The syringe is missing! Who knows where it is! And how does he know where it went? How is it possible that the syringes aren't missing? The doctor is so stupid, that he couldn't tell where it was! How did he know it was missing? Why was he in such a hurry to find it? The only thing I found interesting was the scene where the doctor puts the syneces in the wrong syringe!  This movie is so boring! If you like cheesy B movies like the ones I've just mentioned, then this is the movie for you. If you don't like cheesy movies, then avoid this movie!  I really hope someone would make a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big fan of the first movie in the "Alien" series, but this one was awful. The only good thing I can say is that it was actually OK. I've seen some people give it a very high rating, which I assume means they don't want to see it anymore. I wouldn't watch it again. This one had so much wasted time and plot. It was only okay if you're a fan of Ripley's character, and that's a pretty small percentage of the general audience. But I can't imagine that anyone who hasn't seen the original movie is going to be able to appreciate the new one.  If you want to watch Alien: Covenant, go to Netflix, and just get yourself some awful films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A big disappointment to me. The movie was so predictable, so over-the-top, so predictable and uninteresting. I would have given it a 7 if it was a decent movie, but I didn't even care. I was completely disgusted by it. The only reason I didn' want to see it, I guess, was because it was supposed to be a "first look" at the new Disney "Pete & Pete" film, and I wanted to see what they did. This movie was nothing more than a waste of my time. The "story" is so poorly explained, the characters are so unbelievable, and the humor so much worse than anything I've ever seen. If you want to watch "Petrified" at all, save it for the first ten minutes of the first two scenes. You will find the movie amusing only in the second ten minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't worth watching unless you have absolutely no idea what it is supposed to be. The acting is terrible. The plot is so bad that it's not funny or interesting, just incoherent. It's not even funny when you consider that the entire thing was filmed on a video camera. There is no real plot at all, just a bunch of people acting stupidly.  And it's really bad that the only way to see the film is to rent it from a video rental shop, as I did.   I've rented it more than once. It is the worst film I've ever seen.  I can't recommend it unless you can figure out what the hell it's supposed to mean. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A remake of the old "Swingers," the original film is really good and contains great dancing and good acting but this is not it. There is a new film out in 2003 called "Stingers" and it is very similar but with a horrible soundtrack. The original movie is much better than this one.  I can't believe the producers of "Slingers" let this crap be made. There are so many actors who are better than in "Swan's," why wouldn't they? The characters are very flat and the music is awful. This movie is a waste of time and a waste on the director and the writer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is absolutely, completely, totally and utterly terrible. I can't even explain how I felt when I first saw it. It was just so completely, completely terrible. In my eyes, this film is the worst film I've ever seen. The script is awful. The acting is horrible. The plot is totally, completely awful. And it makes absolutely no sense. This film has so many obvious flaws, yet it is rated as one of the best horror films of all time.  I can only assume the producers thought that this film would make people cry. Unfortunately, it doesn't make people feel anything. It makes you feel like you're watching something that's a thousand times worse than a bad film.  This movie is a complete waste of your time. The story is terrible. The actors, the writing, the direction, everything about this film screams "crap". It just doesn't deserve to be in a film hall of fame.  And I hate the idea that people who like this film are getting it. This movie should be considered as one big, horrible waste of time. This is a movie that doesn't need to exist. I'm guessing that the producers of this film thought it would make the audience feel as if they're watching a bad piece of trash. And I'm totally fine with that. If you're a fan of horror films and want to see a bad one, then I suggest you avoid this film. It's just not worth the time. But if you're not a fan, then don't waste your time on this film and just enjoy the bad movie that was made for the sake of entertainment.   I gave it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to find a good horror movie: this one's got no plot, and a couple of scenes look as if they were filmed at the local film school with a bunch of friends who were making a documentary. The movie's a mess of a mess, and that's the worst thing about it. The cast looks like they've had to audition for a TV show that doesn't even exist. The characters are flat, there's no real tension to be found anywhere, and the movie never manages to find an audience.  It is not for the faint-hearted, and I'm sorry to say that it was the worst horror movie I've ever seen. The actors and crew should've stayed out of it, and we wouldn't be writing this review about it today if we didn't find the film worthy of the label. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of the film is a bit of a slog, and the last third of the movie is basically a slog with some very predictable moments. The whole thing should have been avoided, but the director was so desperate to make a movie, and was so out of his depth that he actually went into a studio and filmed it. I guess the studio was concerned that the film wouldn't sell as well as their previous movies, and wanted to make sure the film was as complete as possible. In the end, it didn't sell. I was not expecting it to do so well. It is, at best, a pretty bad horror movie. The story is, to put it mildly, a bad joke. I'm not even sure what it was trying to say, but I don't know if I can explain it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe the director, Brian Grazer, who has worked with many talented filmmakers and had a good relationship with the writer, is trying to make this film again. The film is a complete waste of time. It's a film of one-act play, where the actor(s) seem to be getting more and more bored, and the plot is a poor excuse for one character's behavior. The characters' relationships with each other and the story are completely pointless. The only good thing about this film is the soundtrack, which features the most bizarre and annoying of all music tracks ever made. I would rate this film a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most pointless, poorly made movie I have ever seen. I cannot believe that this film was made. This is so bad that it is actually entertaining, but the plot is so unbelievable that I can't believe anyone would actually sit through it.  The director is too busy taking shots at the viewer and making other people suffer to actually make a movie that will entertain anyone who will watch it. There is nothing in this movie that is original or entertaining. The acting is awful, and the script is so horrible that it's unbelievable. I would like to suggest that you buy a copy of the "Star Trek" movies and see how they made a good movie out of "The Next Generation". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few weeks ago I saw the "Nancy Drew", which was probably one of the worst movies ever made. After watching the original movie I am more inclined to say this is the "worst Nancy Drew movie ever made". There was a lot of acting, but most of it seemed to come from the actresses' personalities. If they had gone to see a good movie, they would have seen "The Nutty Professor".  I'm not sure if I am the only person who doesn't like the Nancy Drew character. In fact, I'm pretty sure I'm the only one who actually liked it. This movie seemed to have lost any sort of spark or imagination. It's so bland and predictable, it's almost painful to watch. I just can't believe that this movie was made in 1988. I wonder if there are some sort of copyright issues here. It makes me wonder if the filmmakers were actually on to something or just making a movie to get a positive review. The only positive thing I can say is that this was a very low budget movie. I wish they had kept the budget the same, but at least they weren't going to get away with it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a total farce. There is no explanation of how this could happen. The characters are completely stereotypical, the story is about as exciting as a TV soap opera, and the acting is poor. The dialogue is incomprehensible. The story never goes anywhere. And the plot twists constantly change the whole story line at the last minute.  The story line involving the doctor is not believable. You never really know who he is, who he really is, and why he wants to kill the girl he loves. The girl has a boyfriend, and they are just friends. The doctor is married to his wife, and he is in love with his son. But he really wants to hurt the girl and kills her. Then he kills the son, because he is his father's only son.  Don't expect much from this movie. Don't. I don't. It just was awful. The movie was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no point, no plot, and nothing to hold the viewer's attention. The story is predictable, the acting is awful, and the acting was terrible. I found myself more invested in the baddies than the bad-as-fuck protagonist.  The acting was so bad, in fact, that I felt like I was watching a really crappy B-movie with no plot. The dialogue was so unbelievable that I actually laughed.  I could have done without the ending, but I didn't.  There's only one really good scene, which is a really bad movie.   I would have given this movie an F for being so utterly boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst of all "Tarantino" films. It was so slow and boring that you felt it was just a series of people talking in a bar. I watched the first few minutes and I was already sick from laughing. The rest of the movie was just boring.  The story was so bad that the director had to add the lines for the actors. I can't believe they added the lines. I know Tarantino likes to add these lines because it is the most interesting thing he can say in the movie, but in this case, he didn't add the line because he didnt have any lines. The actors were so bad, that even though the movie looked great on the screen, you felt like you had seen the movie a thousand times. The movie had some interesting scenes, but it was too slow to understand them and it made the movie unbearable.   I hate to admit it, but I think that there is something wrong with this movie. If it was made by Tarantino, it would be really good.  I don't think that this movie was made to be like "The Godfather". It was a very predictable movie, and it is also boring. It's probably because it was so much better on the old video. It is still interesting, but you wont enjoy it because you have seen it so many times. This movie was terrible and I cant recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really like the premise, but it is totally disappointing that the entire movie consists of a plot which has absolutely no connection to the events of the actual movie. For example, when a plane is about to crash and everyone tries to save the passengers, the pilot is shown in the middle of the crash looking at the camera and making no eye contact with the passengers. It is also completely unbelievable that a man can die and be saved by a little girl (the little girl was in the original movie). I could just go on about the plot, but I don't want to spoil the movie for anyone who hasn't seen it. I wish the writer had not made the movie in the first place, and had the opportunity to make it as a TV series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only movie I have ever seen that I would recommend to a person with an appetite for the worst movies ever made. If you're looking for a really, really low budget horror film with some sort of plot, then I would give this a pass. However, if you want to see a really low-budget, really, REALLY low budget film that you can get away with it for 10 minutes or less, I would caution you to stay away from this. This is a movie made for $1,000 and no more. The actors do not seem to care about anything but the money and they are so stupid that it's ridiculous. This movie would have made a fine addition to any trashy horror flick you might find on cable, but unfortunately, it was released by a small independent studio that probably had no intention of even bothering to release it in theaters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful and it has absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever.  There is nothing whatsoever good about it. The acting is horrendous, the story is weak and the plot has absolutely nothing to do with the characters' lives. There are two really dumb characters, a bad story and a terrible ending.  All in all, a really mediocre film.  I wish I could give this movie a 1.0 rating but that is a bit harsh considering the fact that it is so badly made. It is just a waste of time, a total waste of your time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the movie twice. Both times I didn't like it at all. But I was in the theater for two weeks. And I didn a few minutes after seeing the first time, I remembered that I was bored and decided to see it again. I didn''t. It's as bad as you can get. The actors are so terrible that they could have been replaced by a cardboard cutout. The plot is so weak that I had to sit through at least 10 minutes of the film to really understand what was going on. The ending is also so weak, it makes even the movie version of "The Sixth Sense" look like a masterpiece.   If you're going to watch this film, don't bother. If you want to see the movie, don''t waste your time. I would suggest you go back and see "The Exorcist", but avoid the movie ''Dead Again". It's even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a boy who gets a bad luck. He is a genius at maths and is the only one in the village to see the cat that lives in the cat cave. The boy is also the only person who is able to see and talk to the cat in the cave. One night, the boy is in his bedroom when he hears a strange noise and comes downstairs to look at the cat. The cat then jumps out of the window and is about to jump to another window when the boy comes back. The movie makes no sense at all. The entire movie is nothing but a bad excuse to show a girl cat sitting in a cage on a cage that looks exactly the same as the cat's cage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been watching this show since the beginning and have never come across a good show. The last few episodes were the worst in my opinion, and I'm not sure what is going on. The acting is bad, and the show is a complete waste of time. The only thing I found interesting was the song that was played in every episode. I'm sure that the music didn't make the show any better. The other two songs that were played during the show were really boring. I really wanted to find out what the characters are doing. In this show you get nothing interesting to look at or something that you want to know more about. The reason why I'm writing this review is because I have been watching it every week for 3 years. Every week I get bored and I get angry at the same time. I want this show to go away. I don't know what this show is and what it is doing to my mind. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read a review on a good movie: "A classic B movie is lost to time.  The film was not bad, but it was way too slow and the acting was not great." I am sure it's been forgotten by all those who saw it, but I just had to warn those who liked it to watch it. It is not as bad as the B movies they make nowadays, but what's the point of making a bad B movie if you want to make a good B movie?  I would like to know how this is possible. I think that a director should be able to make movies that are not as good as a B movie, but at least be able with those movies to make them interesting.  I don't care what the actors are doing. The actors did not know what they were doing. There was no direction, no story, and no ideas.  If they are going to make these movies and give them a positive review, they should make it better. It should be fun to watch.  But it's still too slow to be considered a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing about this movie is that it is the director's debut. The story is so bad it is impossible to know what is happening to the characters and why they are in a movie about a cult that has no reason to exist. The acting is very bad and the plot is very predictable. The only reason this movie gets an 8 out of 10 is because it is not as bad as it could be.  This movie was awful. It made no sense. It seemed to be made up of the plot points of a cult in the 1970s. The movie seemed to have no story line and was nothing but a bunch of scenes that had no relation to each other and the characters in the movie. The director tried to sell the movie by making the cult seem like a real thing. This movie is a disgrace to cinema. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years back I saw a trailer for this film, and it sounded like a good idea at the time. I was very excited when I saw it, and I thought it was a great idea. I thought the film was going to be good, and then, after I watched it, I discovered that the story was terrible.  I thought there was a lot of humor in the film, but the story is just about pointless. I didn't feel anything when I watched the film. There is just no reason to watch it.  This film was made by a studio that has no idea how to make a good film. The script was terrible, the acting was awful, and the plot was really, really, stupid.  The movie is just a collection of shots and the story that comes out of them. It was not interesting, it was not funny, and there is no real sense of the characters' reactions to what is happening in the movie. I don't even think there are any jokes. The jokes are not funny because the movie is stupid. I have never seen such a pointless film in my life. The only thing I can think is that the director and the studio had a lot to drink when making the film and got very drunk on the way to the studio. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has absolutely nothing to do with anything that happened in the real world. It's like an old "Mad TV" where the characters don't talk and just go around killing people for fun. There's some decent action in it but the plot is extremely weak. There are no real motivations for the characters except that it's a cop show.  The film does not end well.  It's just not a good movie. The actors should have known better than to play this one and maybe they were just so desperate for attention. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to this film because it is the very first film in the history of the "WWE" movies. I watched the first 2 movies, and I was so pleased to find out that they were actually filmed and the actors were actually wrestling, and so I expected this film to be something like the others. However, I was disappointed when I watched this film. The film was a total failure. Not only was the acting so awful, the movie was also very slow and boring. All in all, I would say to anyone who would like to see a "WWHF" movie, please go for the first movie. However this film, was just not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie at a midnight screening at a local theater. After a few moments I found myself sitting there wondering why I was still sitting there. A lot of the acting was amateurish, and the movie didn't really have anything worth watching. In fact, I'm sure there's nothing in this movie worth seeing. I found it hard to believe that it could be so bad. But I wasn't too happy with this film when it came out. It's not a good movie, but I don't know how much worse it could have been. The movie was awful, and so it made it hard for me to see the credits. And I was disappointed to find out that it had nothing to do with any sort of "real life" events that happened in the film.  It's a waste of time, and I'm not really a fan of movies that try to be so over the top. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A great big old lady (Mrs. Fermi) is on her way to the doctor's office to deliver her baby, and she's carrying it in her belly. Her husband (William Foster) asks her to get off the train and go to the bathroom to take a leak. She does and is accidentally caught in the act. When she's done, she sees a strange, weird creature on the train that looks like a man. The doctor's assistant (Aileen Quinn) comes to find her, and Foster starts a conversation with her. Aileen Quinn is one of the most stupid and useless actresses in the history of cinema. Her acting is so terrible that she just gives the role of the creature to someone else. The movie has a very bad ending. This film should never have been made, it's so awful, so dumb, so boring, so unnecessary, that you couldn't just say "No, I don't want to see it again!" and not see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a bit of a slow build, but then goes off the deep end and just loses its grip on reality. This is the second attempt at a remake, and it is so much more boring and predictable than the first. The actors do not know how to act and are playing the characters so much like their first films. This leads to some really embarrassing moments. Some of the scenes are actually very long.  Some of this movie was a lot better in the first remake.  The actors were OK, but the script was very poor.  I did not even like the ending, and that is what really makes this movie so terrible. The only saving grace is that there is some decent fan made animation that is more than just a bunch of scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I don't think there's any good to be said about it other than "It's a waste of time". It just feels so pointless and stupid. It's about as far away from a movie as you can get. I mean, this was actually a very entertaining movie in my opinion. The acting was bad and the script was a bit odd.  The director and writer are obviously terrible. There's no real reason to believe they're not talented at what they do. This is an extremely bad movie that I wish I had never seen.  It's worth seeing if you're looking for a movie that has no plot. But if you are looking for something more like a comedy/horror movie that's only a half-hour of horror and a half hour of laughs, I don;t recommend it. It would have been better if the movie was more about the characters, the humor, or the violence, but I just don't know if the story was all that good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Bury Me Not" is a bad film with absolutely no redeeming quality whatsoever. The plot is a big fat pile of crap. No reason for a man to kill anyone in the middle of the night or even in the park. Just not interesting enough for a "B" movie to have a plot. In fact the film is so awful that even after watching it a dozen times I'm still not convinced that it's actually a bad flick. I have to believe that the director was drunk, because there are several scenes that are so poorly edited that it actually appears that the film was shot on video and then edited together with the original video footage. The only redeeming element of the film for me is the ending. But even there the film's flaws are so apparent that I can't even watch it because I don't know what the hell it's trying to say, and even the ending is so weak that I don' have any idea what the ending means. In the end you have a boring, incoherent mess of a film that you can only watch to see what an idiot the person who made it is. I'd say the only redeemable aspect of the movie is that it gives you a chance to see the film as it was meant to be seen. That would make it better than "Bless the Lord". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not funny, and not funny at all. It has a terrible script, a terrible special effects, and a terrible soundtrack. All of the actors seem like they're just doing their jobs and they don't care at all about their characters. It makes no sense to me. The whole thing is really confusing, especially the ending. I thought I was watching a horror movie, and I was only watching a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the plot of this movie was a bit weak. The main character was a really annoying girl who kept showing up in my life.  The acting was terrible, and the whole movie just made me want to turn off the TV and go home.  If you are looking for a good story, look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating: 4/10 This movie was a total failure. I would rate it lower if the actors had anything positive to say. I can't believe anyone who saw it thought this was a good movie. The plot was ridiculous and the acting was terrible. The characters were not believable and the action was extremely predictable. I really wanted to like this movie, but the fact that I didn't even care that the characters were supposed to be believable is a tragedy. I could care less that the actors were supposed portray this movie's characters and that the plot was predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really hoping that this movie would be good because it is the first ever feature film that was made from a screenplay. I really wanted to be entertained and to see a new and different style of horror that was more exciting. But I think that most people just got sick of the same old horror. I mean it's been done, done, and done over and over.  The only good thing about this film was that it had the director, James Wan, in it. I think Wan's presence was just annoying.  I wish that he didn't come in and ruin his film. It was a real shame because the movie was just plain awful. The acting was very un-exciting, and the directing was very, very sloppy. The story was just an average horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this at the AMC movie theater. I'm not sure if it was a "B+" or not. It was a complete waste of my time. The film was filled with so many wasted opportunities. I would have liked to see a little more character development, especially when the main character and his wife go through a breakup. I can't imagine that the director would have done a better job if he had just put a little bit more time and effort into the film.  I'm guessing the director was not a fan of the movie, and the movie did not make any money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found myself once watching a movie on TV, and thinking "I wish I could watch this movie on DVD!". I was so disappointed.  I can only imagine what it would have been like if it had been in the movie theater. It is so poor that I could hardly understand the words it was trying to say, and when I was finally able to watch it, it just made me sick. I could only imagine how awful it must have been to watch that on TV. The only positive I can think of is that it was one of the only movies I saw that featured the character of a woman. I don't think she's worth the time of anyone watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a major disappointment. The characters were wooden and the plot didn't make sense at all. The whole movie seemed to be more of a marketing gimmick than anything else. It's not even worth talking about in terms of a positive review. The movie is just a boring mess of the type that can't even be categorized by genre. There are scenes that are very predictable, others that just didn't seem to have much plot. I wouldn't recommend it unless you're willing to watch something that is very much a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total failure. The film starts off well enough, but soon goes downhill from there. It's not a bad film, but there is a lot of wasted potential. The plot is somewhat predictable, and the script is just as predictable as the movie itself. I had to read the movie twice to realize that it was actually about two people (two of them are really good actors, so I'm surprised that they bothered to make this movie). There are three characters in the movie and each one of them has only a few lines in the entire movie. The story is pretty much pointless, and I wish that they had cut the entire thing down to just the sex scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a great deal of hype surrounding the first "Batman" film, but the story didn't deliver on the hype until the final half of the movie. It wasn't a surprise that most critics gave this film a solid 7/10, and even better was the fact that the movie was about the character of Bruce Wayne, a.k.a. Batman.  This film was terrible, and its failure is not surprising. It was a weak attempt at adapting the comic book series, but it failed because of the script. The story was so poorly done that the only thing that kept the movie from being a complete waste of time was its soundtrack. The movie had all the potential of a decent movie, but there is no way that you will be able to enjoy the story, or the score, or even the acting, without a heavy dose of heavy doses of cheese.  The acting was a bit better than average, and there were a few decent performances, but by and large, this film failed because it didn't have the guts to be a Batman movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the sequel to the previous movie, "The Death of Dory", which was pretty good. This movie is about the same thing, except it's only about a few days after the last movie. I saw a preview for this and I was so mad. This film is so dull and boring. I mean, the whole thing was so boring I actually missed out on the entire plot. I know, it sounds like a clich, but I'm not going to watch another one of these. The only thing that saved this movie was the fact that it starred Eddie Murphy. This was a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this one on cable television and thought it was just a little bit funny. It was a very, very bad movie.  A couple of years later, I was shocked to read an interview with Michael Bay about the film: "I don't know what happened to the movie... It was one of the best movies ever made, but it turned out to be one of my least favorite movies because I couldn't relate to it.   I don't like Michael Bay... He's just an old, white guy who likes to make movies... and make movies that are about him...and that is the only reason I think this movie is still good.  I just think people who make movies about themselves should do their job properly...make a good movie, not try to make a bad one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so excited to see this movie, because it is my first ever movie to be rated "D", and I am so used to the standards and standards of the other movies that I had to watch the first one, and I was hoping it would be better than the one I saw the week before. Well, unfortunately, I did not enjoy it. I could barely watch the movie, and even when I managed to, I could not understand anything the characters were saying. There were many awkward scenes, and the director should have done more to help the characters feel more like people, rather than just making them feel as a way to make money.  I found the whole movie very unenthusiastic. The story was boring, and there was very little to make it enjoyable for me. I found it very hard to believe that the characters could be so inept. The acting was extremely bad, and if they had not been so stupid, the movie could have been worth watching. I also found it quite a pity to see the actors who I believe are really talented and really deserve to be on screen.  As a result, I would probably skip this movie altogether, unless the director had a great idea of what he wanted to do. Otherwise, I am going to keep my rating as a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know if this movie has any redeeming qualities. It's just a really bad excuse for a "movie" about a really horrible movie: The story is boring and not particularly interesting. The acting is bad and there is really not much to be seen. I don' t think that there was much effort put into the making of this movie. The script was awful and there were several scenes that made me wish that they had just thrown out the script and made the movie in 2D instead of 3D. This is an embarrassment of a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the lowest of the low. It's a pathetic excuse for a horror movie. The only thing I found amusing was how the movie tries to have a bit of gore with a few jump scares. It didn't work for me. I don't know what made the director choose to do this, but I wish that I had. I can't believe that this was ever made. It is the worst movie I've ever seen. I just can't understand why this film was made. The editing was awful, the acting was so bad that I almost threw it away.  The only redeeming feature was the soundtrack. It was pretty good, but it was so low quality that I doubt it would be used on a DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies ever made. The acting is weak and the plot is just plain dumb. I've seen worse, but this one is by far the worst. The plot is so boring and unbelievable that it makes me wonder how much effort went into writing it. It's the worst movie I've ever seen, which I guess means that it's not too bad, but the script is so terrible that it doesn't deserve to be made into a movie. The movie is about a girl who meets a man on a train. She thinks he is a friend and falls in love. The girl's mother dies and she becomes pregnant. Her husband decides not to go to the doctor because the baby won't stop growing.  The movie's story has a ton of holes and doesn't make any sense. The woman and her husband are portrayed as being abusive and they're just not believable. There are many inconsistencies. It doesn't help that the movie was released in Japan in 1995. This movie was a total failure and I hope that the studio will get it together and make a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so poorly acted that I just laughed out loud at the dialog. It is a complete waste of time.  It is so poorly written and directed that I can't even understand the plot. I mean, there is nothing to the plot that I could have figured out. The story is so predictable and devoid of interest that I found myself sitting on the couch with the movie on repeat at least a dozen times. It was so unfunny and so unfathomable that I was ready to quit. I just wish I could go back and watch this film again with a better script and more character development.  The story was so badly written that it made it difficult to figure out who was playing who and why. I would have expected a lot more from this film.  I just don't understand how the actors and crew made it so much worse than it was. I think they were all so drunk that it is difficult to believe they actually thought this was a good movie. It's sad to think that they all wasted their time on this piece of trash. I hate movies that take so long to make and that can take so much time to make. It takes a really long time to shoot a film, but when you look at the time it takes to make this movie, it was only about 2 hours and 30 minutes. The only good thing about this film is that it will never be shown again in a movie theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is impossible to review a bad film: what you see is what you get. There is absolutely nothing to recommend this film other than the fact that it is so terrible it's worth seeing as a joke. But I can't be the only person to point out that the film is so utterly, unbelievably, mind-numbingly, totally, utterly, utterly awful that it's really hard to take it seriously.  There is no logic to the plot; there are no emotional connections to the characters; and there are none whatsoever. The acting is bad; the acting is worse; the dialogue is terrible; the dialog is worse.  I am a big fan of Michael Caine, and so was I surprised to learn that he did so little in this movie. I was hoping for something along the lines of the "Porter" film; I was also hoping that Caine would do more than an OK job. But it's so, so, SO bad that I just can't take it.    I've never seen a film so bad, so unbelievably, so utterly devoid of all meaningful meaning, so devoid of meaning that I can just sit back and laugh at it. But the fact remains that this film exists and that I am allowed to watch it in my little corner of the internet. And I will be watching it over and over and OVER again because I can.  The only good thing about this film is that it shows that you can make a low budget film look good. But that's only a good thing if the movie looks good. If it looks good, you can ignore it. The worst thing about the film, though, is that I have to put it down. I have no idea what the film means; I just know it's horrible. And the fact is, that I know this film, too, is awful.  It's probably my fault for watching this film and then not realizing how terrible it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I must admit that I am very surprised that people actually watch this movie. It looks like a cheap movie, and I have to say that I'm surprised at the lack of budget. This is the movie that most people see when they say that they have watched a lot of horror movies in their lifetime. I am surprised that they can find something else to watch. This movie is a disgrace to horror movies and horror fans everywhere. There are scenes that could have been done better. There is no atmosphere, there are too many unnecessary deaths, and it is so predictable that the movie just reads like a bad horror movie. The acting is not that good either. The actors don't seem to know how to act. I think that people who are familiar with the "Witch" movies would understand what I am talking about.  The movie was so slow and boring that I was unable to enjoy it.  It is just one of those movies where I can't understand how people can sit in the theater and enjoy it for 3 hours and not enjoy it, and why they keep watching it again and again.  I would recommend that people save your money and just avoid this movie because it is just a complete waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is filled with so much unnecessary gore, it makes you wonder how much money was wasted on this film.  The story of a group of children who abducts and kills a young boy is a boring, predictable and shallow premise. The movie seems to have been written with a heavy dose of sarcasm and condescension to the viewer. The film also lacks a central villain (not to mention any real sense of tension or tension), and does not really feel like a horror movie. I think the film could have been so much better if it had been more original.  I give this movie a 0/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had no expectations for this film and was hoping for something good. This was disappointing. There were a couple of decent scenes in the first half of the movie and then they got to the "bad ending". I couldn't understand how anyone could watch this and not hate it. This film has one character who doesn't seem to be involved in the story at all, yet it is so obvious he has something to do with the events that follow. The other characters are not given much to do except for one woman who becomes obsessed with a man who seems to have some type of relationship with the other main characters.  The acting was terrible, the plot was just a mess and the story was just plain lame. I'm guessing the director was just having a bad time and didn't even care.  This film would be a good idea to watch if you are looking for something to watch but nothing special. Just not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast is awful. The acting is so uninspiring that you just can't take it seriously. I'm really disappointed that this movie was made and released.   I was really looking forward to seeing this movie as an adult, because I was in college and it seemed like it would be an entertaining piece of entertainment for me. It's just a complete disappointment. It is not funny. It does not have any plot. It seems like a bad horror movie. The only thing I can say is that the director didn't really know how to do horror movies. He seemed more interested in making a horror film about the occult, but didn't do a good job of it. He should have just gone for it and made it more like a horror movie, and then made it worse. This was so far off from the original film that you would never have seen it at all. It was a complete waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the first half of this movie, I thought I was watching an adventure, and then I realized that it was all set up for an ultimate showdown.  There was no suspense at all. No action, no excitement, and certainly no suspense.  And that's why this movie made me so mad.  I thought there was plenty of suspense to be had in this film. It wasn't suspenseful at all, it was just boring.  If you're expecting something like a Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark, then you're in luck. This movie has nothing that will make you excited about it. And if you're looking for something to watch for a thrill, I suggest you try to get to the movie on Netflix, like I did.  Oh well, I guess I'll have to make another movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A documentary about the American Civil War is supposed to be interesting. But the film is so incoherent, the facts and the interpretation of them are so far off the mark, and the movie is so stupid that it could have been a comedy.  What makes this film so bad is that there are no real stars in it, and no real characters to identify with. The only thing that's missing is a great supporting cast and no one to relate to other than a few of the soldiers.  The only reason I can give it a 3 out of 10 is because of the great soundtrack. However, that was really the only redeeming factor for the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't normally do negative reviews, but this movie was a complete disappointment. The acting was not good, the plot was not original and there was no plot twist at all. It's obvious that the director was not able to follow his own script, and I think the only way he could come up with a decent plot was to make the movie in a hurry and get it done in as little time as possible. I don' think this movie had any point. If you want a movie that will make you watch in vain for another ten minutes and can't wait for the movie to end, this movie is for you. I give this movie an 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film on the TV when it first aired. It is the worst film I have ever seen.  The film is about as close as I've ever come to making fun of a bad film. I was shocked when I found out that the film had grossed just $5,000 at the box office. It was such a waste of time and money. The movie's actors, who I believe had no talent to begin with, had no idea what they were doing. The dialogue is the most banal and trite imaginable. The acting is wooden and cheesy. The cinematography is utterly awful. This film had nothing to do with anything.  I did not know this film was made by a man who made a movie about a man he met on the streets. I didn't know that he had a movie in the works about a murder. I saw a film about the murder. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film that does not even deserve a rating is worth mentioning in this review, but a film that cannot even be rated is worthy of mention in its own right. This film should be a low level comedy, or at least a joke, but it isn't. It is an attempt to write a negative film review without even bothering to actually watch it. The film tries to shock the audience by using the most clichd, banal and boring parts of movies to try and shock us.   There is no plot, and it's not clear if this is supposed to be a comedy or a horror film. A lot of the footage of the movie looks like it has been filmed with a slow cam, so that the viewer is constantly looking at the camera to see if the actor is moving too fast, so we get the film that we would normally see in a real horror film, except that it looks amateur. The camera movements are awkward and awkward, and we can't seem to follow the action because we are constantly moving our eyes around to look for the action in the background. And what action there is is made to look scary by the actors. This is a film made for a low-budget, small budget horror movie, not for the DVD.  There are no laughs, and the movie is not even remotely scary. The actors are too wooden and not scary enough to be scary.  It's a complete waste of time. It should be made into a DVD or a video tape, but should not have even been made into an 8mm print. It's about the worst movie I have ever seen, and I would recommend that no one ever watches it again.  I would not recommend this film for any horror fans, and if you have the money to waste on it, go ahead and do so, but don't waste your money on this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure if it was a good movie or a bad one. The movie was completely lacking in any kind of plot or plot points. The story and direction were all over the place, and the acting was poor at best. I have seen better movies, but I can't say that this one is a bad film. However, I can say that it isn't a very good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has some decent action sequences but has very little plot. The story is very predictable and the script is poorly executed. It is really hard to get into the movie, even after it has been watching for several hours. The movie does not have any of the visual effects that were seen in the original movies and that really hurt the original films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie looks awful, but the soundtrack, especially the ending, is really awful.  The film has some nice moments in it, but it's just not worth seeing. I can only give it a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw the video and watched it again, and I must say, I am astonished at what I've just read. I saw this movie and I have to say, it's a bad joke. And not only that, I think it's even worse than "Beware the Snakes", which I really like. This movie is the worst of all time. It's just one of those "bad movies" that you see on TV. The acting is awful, the story is stupid, the jokes are even worse. It was really hard to watch, and the ending was just awful. It doesn't even deserve an award, it just makes me want to throw it away and never watch another movie again. The fact that I saw the movie and enjoyed it for 10 minutes only makes me sick.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so awful I don't even know what to say about it. The acting was terrible and the plot was so poorly constructed. The two main characters were really obnoxious and the only time they got to be funny was when the plot demanded it. I give this movie an 8. If you want to see a good movie about a horrible movie: go to the theater where you can watch a movie with a few laughs and enjoy yourself. I just saw it and I'm still pissed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film with no stars and some not even close friends at the time of its release. It's just a movie. If you want to see a movie with a bunch of characters and no real plot, watch the "Loves a Little Monster" (or "The Black Cat").  The actors don't look their best, the music is really bad and the plot is really weak. The ending, however, is worth mentioning.  The cast has no idea how to act and the story is really just a bunch in the woods, and you can see the film on YouTube.  I didn't care about the actors, they didn't deserve to be in the movie and there is no reason to care.  It's not a film with any merit, and I wouldn't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First thing's first - I am not a very good movie reviewer, I'm sorry to say. I've watched the original series in full and only got through the first episode. It's not a bad show, but it's not that good. This series is just plain awful. There are no redeeming qualities to it. There's no reason to make it a DVD special edition. I would've been happy to pay extra money for it on DVD if it were a regular DVD release. I can't even watch it without thinking "this series sucked!" I'll be looking forward to the next DVD release, but I just can't recommend this series to anyone, ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The acting was bad, the directing was awful, and the story was nothing but a big mess. If you are expecting an action movie with plenty of action and a few jokes, then this movie isn't for you. It's just one big waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so badly edited it's ridiculous. The main character is so annoying and the supporting cast so uninspiring that the audience just wants to ignore it. Even though the movie was made in 1994, it's still very dated.   There are two reasons to see this movie: (1) it's an 80s horror movie. (2) there is no reason to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea is okay, but the execution was awful. It was a shame because I was looking forward to seeing a little bit of the old Indiana Jones movies, but this is not one of them. The only good thing was the music, and even that was a little off-key.  There was no dialog whatsoever in this movie, and the only reason I know what they were saying was because I read their subtitles. The script was a mess, and it was hard to understand what the characters were talking about, as there were so many plot holes in the story. It also had some pretty lame music, especially the song "The Big Adventure" by the Who. I could not understand the lyrics, and I would have liked to have been able to hear them. This movie was a complete waste of time, and a waste of money. It is just a bad mess.  I would say this movie was probably the worst of the "Lost in Space" movies. I wouldn't recommend it, but you may consider renting it to see how it stacks up to the movies that have come out since then. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is horrible, the music is awful and the storyline is completely nonsensical. The only thing that kept the movie interesting was the occasional glimpses of a couple of good action scenes.  This is a complete waste of time, I'm sure.  And then there is the question of why it was made. If there was anything remotely interesting about the idea of a female version of the Superman character, it didn't come through in this flick. If anything, it looks like a cheap remake of the "Supergirl" TV show. The show, however, has its own merits. It was a fun, light-hearted show that didn't exactly hit the mark in the ratings.  But I wouldn't waste your time watching this. Just be happy that there isn't a sequel, because I would have liked to see the "Daredevil" movie with Jessica Jones. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of time.  It has no story, no action, nothing to make it worth watching. It's just a bunch of scenes that don't even make sense and the plot is just about as stupid as a bad film can get. And even worse, it has some truly awful music. One song in particular, "The Ballad of a Vacant Little Star" by Paul Williams, has a very uninteresting tune. I'd like to have the full version, but the DVD is so far out of my budget, it would cost me $25 to rent it for that.  I'm going to miss this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a shame that the director of this movie did not at least make a movie that is better than the movie I saw. He has made this movie about the wrong person (in this case, I am talking about the American comedian Richard Pryor) and the wrong movie.  In the movie, Pryor plays the role of a man who has just received the news that his daughter has been abducted. His daughter is kidnapped by the leader of a cult that worships him. His life is then turned upside down when he comes into possession of the girl and decides to go on a journey that will lead him to his daughter. It's an interesting premise, but it's not a good movie. If you want to see a movie where the director does not have a good idea of the plot, you can see it on TV (like this one). But this movie is a waste of time. There is nothing in this movie that was not already done in other movies. This movie is very dull, and it's only good for a laugh. I did not recommend this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like films from this genre, but I don't think this is one of them.  The acting was bad, the story was so bad that it was really hard to care about anything, and the music was not even all that good. I don''t think they even tried to make a story, but just made a cheap and horrible idea.  I am just surprised that they were able to pull this off.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is the best, but the film fails to deliver on that promise. It doesn't have a great cast, the direction is weak, and the plot is incoherent. In fact, the entire movie is nothing but a mess. There's no real story. It's just a bunch of random shots and one very lame special effects sequence. The entire film is a mess and the only reason I'm giving it a 1 is because the ending, I'll admit, was pretty cool. However, I'm not sure if it actually was.  If I can get past the first few minutes, it's a bad film. But if you can get through it, I guess it's OK. I give it a 3 because it's really just an hour of utter confusion. The only thing I can recommend is not to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is completely devoid of charm. There are no real story lines or characters to care about. There is only a man in his underwear (who doesn't seem to be the main actor) who talks about his underwear, and then a few minutes of a woman getting raped. This is one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen.  The acting was OK, I thought. The script was pretty thin, but was entertaining to watch. The special effects were a little lackluster, but were pretty decent. The sound was OK. I could not even imagine how a movie made in the '80s could possibly be as bad as this.  This movie is just a big waste of money. I wouldn't recommend it, but I did see it once, and I wish I could have kept my money, but that would have been a wasted opportunity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that kept me watching was the movie itself and the fact that I was watching a film with a girl from the future. However, the movie was too boring and too predictable to keep me interested. I'm not saying that it was a bad film, but I don't see why people keep going to see this movie. There are plenty of better movies out there that I've seen.  It just didn't make sense to me, and I think that it's just because it was released on video format and not DVD format.  The acting was just plain bad.  I know that it would have been better if it was edited out and made into a DVD, but this movie is just so boring that it could be the only thing on DVD format that would have even a little bit of interest for people who don't want to sit through a boring movie.   It really is just a waste of time for people like me who really want to see something that they enjoy and get a few laughs out of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that just doesn't even have enough imagination to be a real movie.  It's a movie about a bunch of guys getting drunk on the beach. It has nothing to do with the plot and only two of them get involved in a murder or something.  The actors don't act, the direction is bad, and the script is so shallow and unbelievable that it's almost impossible to believe that anyone could have made it. The movie just doesn;t make sense and has absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever.  I've seen better movies, and they all deserve to be called out for their badness. But this one isn't even in the top ten.  This movie should be made into a TV movie with the same plot and same cast. It's one of those "it could have been a hit" movies that are so stupid that you can't believe that they're real. I don't know if the movie even had a script. It just made up stuff for the sake of being an adventure.  If you're in the mood to see this movie, go ahead and see it, but be warned: it's a waste of your time and you'll just have to laugh and leave to go enjoy your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is pretty boring. I mean, not really boring. There are some funny moments, but this movie is just plain awful. It has no story, no humor, nothing to even entertain the audience. It's just a bunch of random characters talking about random stuff, nothing else to say. You know what I mean. The plot is really weak, it is just a big pile of stuff that has nothing to do with the movie.  And then there is the sound, the music, the acting, the direction, the camera work...everything in the movie is so, so bad.  In conclusion, this movie just really sucks. This is an average, very uninteresting movie that has very little plot. But it is also very unimpressive to see people laughing so hard during this movie. And it's really not funny at all.  Oh yeah, it's also a very long movie. The movie only runs for 1 hour and 20 minutes. I think it is way too long for this movie to have that much of an effect on you. Just go to the movies with a bunch other people and have a good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie more times than I can count. I have not gotten the feeling of horror or suspense that I would have expected. I was expecting to feel like I was on a roller coaster ride and then find myself in an insane horror movie. Instead I feel more like I'm in a low-budget video store where they made a movie and I'm sitting at the counter with the cashier and the other customers.  A few weeks ago I rented a horror flick. I enjoyed it immensely but I was not impressed by the cinematography or the sound track. I didn't find the movie creepy. I watched it on TV and felt more like watching a low budget horror movie than I did from watching it on the big screen. I felt like I had seen something before.  This movie isn't a horror movie, it's a cheap, low-grade thriller.  I gave it 2 stars, 2 because I'm a horror guy, and 2 because the movie is a bit too long and has some bad acting and writing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, much like its subject matter, was supposed to be a fun and hilarious little spoof of reality television shows. Unfortunately, it's pretty dull and not very funny, and the actors are all so painfully bad that you can only laugh at them in retrospect. But, hey, there's always room for humor here. This movie has a very slow pace and the acting is not that good either. The whole thing is a mess, and there's absolutely no humor to be had.  This is the type of movie you watch and feel bad for after it's over.  But if you're willing to overlook the fact that this movie was made in the late 90's and was supposed be a hilarious satire on reality TV shows, then this is a good movie. It's not worth seeing unless you're really looking for a funny movie to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not just a film that makes you feel like you're watching a bad dream. It's really just a movie where we're supposed to like our main characters and feel a little bit sad about the events that led them to be in this mess. It really is a sad film, but the sadness of the story isn't worth it when you're stuck watching it and wishing that it didn't happen.  It does start out great and ends up not worth your time, and I was wondering why it didn''t start out so great and then I realized that I never liked the character of the girl in the movie, and therefore I don't feel any real attachment to her character.  I think the writer should have taken it to another medium and made it into a video or DVD, where people could watch it on their own and feel the same way as me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this is one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen. It's a really boring movie. I really like the first movie more because it was really original, but this movie is just so lame, it makes me feel sick. I was really hoping the sequel would have a little more depth, because I felt that in the first one, we got some depth to the story, but not much. And now, the first is just a boring, cliche story about a haunted house and then some more haunted house. It should have been called "The Haunted House" instead of "The Ghost House"  The only reason I give this movie a 3 is because the ending is pretty cool, but it doesn't make up for the story. The only thing that was redeeming was the trailer for this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was OK, I guess, but the acting was awful and the plot was so weak. The only saving grace was the soundtrack, but even that could not save the movie.  The film was basically a parody of the series it's based on, which is a bit weird to see. The idea was that if we gave away the story, then it would be a little more fun to watch, and it would help to make the show a bit more like the show itself. Well, I think the show was more like The Simpsons, and the film was like The Lion King. The whole thing made no sense and made the show look really silly. The plot was just too weak to make it watchable. If I had seen the show, I would not have watched the film, and I'm not sure how to explain why.  I think it would have been better if it was the show and the movie were just one, and they were both horrible. I'm sorry to say that, but it is what it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen many terrible movies over the years, but this one stands out to me. It's boring and pointless. It is a shame that this piece of crap is even in a theater, because the only reason I saw it was to see the final cut. I'm sorry to say it's a good deal worse than the original script, but it was a lot better when the original was released.  There are several things that make this movie a failure. For example, it has a stupid and pointless ending. The characters are bland, and the acting is terrible. The plot is not much better than the first script, although the ending is far worse.  I would have preferred to see an extended version of the original, because I know there are many fans who wish they could see it again. This movie, however, will not be watched by anyone who has the patience to endure an abomination like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few weeks ago I read the review on a good movie: "The original film is a gem of a story. However, the new "Escape From New York" is so far below that original's quality that it is a complete waste of time. This film simply is not up to the standard of its predecessors and I would give it an average rating of 1.5/10.  "Etched" and "Echate" were fun to watch. "Etchate" was more fun, but still did not reach the level of quality of "Everest".  In the original film, there is not much to the plot; the movie focuses on the people of New York and the characters who get caught up in the whole thing.  The new version has a more obvious plot (the characters are going to escape from New York), but the movie still fails to deliver a good story or really anything else. There are some decent special effects (especially the scenes where the main characters are trapped in a house, for example), but they are very minimal and are not enough to make the movie any good. The only saving grace of this film is that there is a lot of humor. However this is not enough. The movie is far too boring, with a lot less action and better story.  I really don't know what was the director's intention with this film. The fact that there are no guns, explosions or even a lot more people in the story is very disappointing. If the movie was really a movie, it would have been better if the whole movie was made up of really long dialogue between the characters, and that is what I think the director should have done. I can only imagine that the movie is being made as an attempt to sell a series of the same kind as "The X-Files".  "The Escape From NewYork" is a really weak film with the same story, but a lot worse. It is just a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was the worst film I've ever seen in my life.  First off, this was supposed to be a film with a good script. The script was awful, the acting was horrible, the direction was completely unnecessary, and the camera moves were just plain awful.  The plot was so completely random and poorly-developed, it made me want to jump off the screen.  Why did the main character (who is a woman) have to have her husband as her best friend? What does she do to stay motivated? What was her role in all this? Why did they bother to put a scene with her husband in the middle of this? It was all very unnecessary and boring. I would never watch this again unless I was in the room with the director. I've already seen the best scenes from this movie, they were better.  Also, what was the point of the chase scenes? They were boring and unnecessary. What's even worse was the ending. I just wanted to punch the director in the face.  This movie isn't a bad film, it's just terrible. It should be a comedy, not a horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pity that this was made for a few people, because it's not that bad. It has some nice animation and animation was good, but the characters are so stupid it's funny. The script is just okay, but they should have done something better with it. The voice-acting is pretty bad. The plot is just so, so, SO... ridiculous. I'm sure they thought it would be fun to put in the most ridiculous script ever, but it's just not.  So, if you want a film that you are going to watch and will just laugh about, watch the "The King's Fool" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was so bad. I can't believe it has gone viral on the Internet, and people think it is some kind of comedy film. This film is just a bunch of characters talking and yelling in a very short period of time. I've seen better movies than this, and I am ashamed to admit it. I wish I could give it zero stars.  It looks like a horror film.  Please stop making this. The only reason it is here is because it was the only way I could find to watch this film. I would like to know why this film is even being made. This could be a waste of your time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poor excuse for a film. The acting was so bad it was unbelievable.  The script was too obvious to be a joke. I thought this would be an entertaining, but completely unwatchable, B-movie. Instead, it was like being stuck in a room with an overactive fart and a hot chick on your lap. The story was totally unnecessary, and the acting just was plain awful.  There were no moments where I laughed. It was all very predictable. This film really could have been made into an interesting story, if it wasn't so stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a waste of time. The story is not believable and there is no emotional depth to the characters, although the acting is OK. The only thing I can say for it is that it is one of the only times I have ever seen a really bad movie (other than the really awful version of "The Amityville Horror"). This movie is about a really sadistic murderer who kills a girl because she is a girl. I have seen that movie in a movie theater and it was horrible.  The acting is weak and the plot is not that interesting. If you want to see a really horrible movie and see a very sadistic killer, this is not the movie for you. I give it a 0 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, if you can call it that, is just not worth watching at all. It just isn't entertaining, and I can't say that it's not worth seeing for anyone who can tolerate bad movies. But if you do see it, you'll find that the movie isn't all that bad.  It's just a boring waste of time. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone who is looking for a movie to watch. I can just say that if you are looking for something to waste your time on, I would suggest not watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie: I don't have anything negative to say about this movie. I watched it. I did not enjoy it. It was a waste of my time. The movie was made in a short time and there was not much to it. There was no story line to it at all. The plot line was just the same thing that I was bored of. I don''t care if you like horror or comedy, you do not have to like this movie to like the movie itself. I found it to be boring, pointless and stupid. It should have been made before.  The only reason that I can give it 4/10 is because I like the character of Richard. The rest of the cast was bad. If you like comedy, don''ve got to stick to other movies like 'I''m Gonna Go Crazy' or 'Buffy The Vampire Slayer'. I would say that the cast would have been better if they were all black or Hispanic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie. A real disappointment to the point that it's not even funny, much less scary. I know it was made in the late 80's but it was so ridiculous and stupid it makes me wonder if they even watched a horror movie in their lives. I can't believe that people can watch this movie and still believe it's scary. A few seconds into the movie, the camera zooms in on a car and you have no idea what is going on. I could see people in the audience saying "That's not real" but I can guarantee you that's not what they were talking about. The whole thing is just plain stupid. The actors look really dumb, the directing is terrible, the sound is horrible, and the ending was just plain pointless.  I don't know what was so scary or how they made it but it didn't even make me want to see this movie again. It's a pity the studio allowed this to be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is very bad, very stupid and very predictable. I don't understand why this was made. There is no story, characters are too stupid to have any meaning, the plot is so weak that it could have been written by an 8 year old. The whole movie is about a girl who is being stalked by an old man who wants her to be his sex slave. It is so stupid that even if you watch it, you won't care to watch the movie any more. It could have had a point to it if it had a story line and characters, but no it's all about sex and revenge and nothing else.  I give it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to give this movie a positive review, but it's pretty much impossible to give it a positive rating. It was just a total mess of a movie. The whole time I was watching this, I kept thinking "I wonder what the hell was that movie supposed to be about??" I mean, there's a great movie about a killer robot, but there was no way I was expecting to see a "killer robot" movie with a killer female lead, or a killer killer robot that kills people. I can only assume the writer was so tired of the script that he had to just keep going. Maybe he didn't want to do it that way, or maybe he didn' t understand the script at all. Either way, I can't say I'm impressed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen several terrible movies in my time, but this is the worst. Not only is it boring, it has no plot and only one character (The villain).  It would be a lot better if the villain was not a boring, predictable character, but I was hoping for some kind of horror movie where the villain would have some kind or redeeming qualities. I would have liked the villain to be more dynamic, because he's not supposed to be a killer like his sister and brother.  The movie has no horror elements, and the only time we get to see him kill people is when he throws a bomb into a house and the hero gets caught in it. That was a really lame movie. The only thing I liked was the ending. It wasn't good, but at least it gave us a reason to hate the villain and why he's the villain. The ending is so weak that I'm amazed that people still watch it. It's not like the original "The Uninvited". I really wanted to like the villain more, but it was just so weak.  This movie has a few more plot twists than "A Christmas Carol", but they are not worth the price of admission. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was just watching this video clip and I found it to be the worst movie ever made. In the video I heard one of the actors talking about a character called "The King". I thought that was very odd. I guess I'm just a very naive person and don't know how to read movies. I can't believe that such a huge budget could have gone through no one noticing anything wrong with this movie. I mean seriously, a guy is going to talk about "the king" in a movie and no one will think anything bad about it.  I guess that makes me feel like I'm in the dark about Hollywood. If you want to watch a bad flick, I guess it's okay. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really boring movie, I found it so boring I actually laughed when I thought it was a joke. The acting was bad, the music was terrible, and the ending left me baffled.  I don't understand how anyone could watch this movie and enjoy it, I can only say it is the worst movie I have ever seen. I found myself really frustrated and angry that people who actually liked the movie couldn't enjoy it.  A few hours after watching this movie I decided I needed to buy the movie and I will be honest and say it was the most expensive movie I ever bought.   It was so sad, I felt sorry for the actors, and I felt I had wasted my money. I don`t recommend anyone to buy this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I don't understand how people are able to say this film is good because it has all these great actors," my friend said, "why don't you try it yourself?" I was at home at 3 a.m. and I couldn't find any way to escape the urge to see this film. I watched it in the dark, without any sound, and I didn't like it at all.  It is a shame that people would even waste their time on this.  I was only able to see it because my parents let me. I would like to see the movie again but it's really bad. I am not kidding, it was really bad and I would not recommend this movie to anyone. It's not worth seeing if you want to get off your ass and watch a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie was so cheesy that it was almost funny. I thought it was a waste of time. I am just a little surprised that I was able to find it on DVD. If you have a DVD player you can rent it for only $7.99.  The first scene in the movie had the biggest mistake ever. I can't remember what it was. There were people on the set and the movie started when the person who was shooting it said "Cut!". It looked like a real train crash. The whole movie was about people running to the train.  I can only say that it is very, very slow and the acting is really awful.  If you want to see a boring movie without much story, a cheap movie to watch and not much action then watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was really disappointing. A lot of the scenes were rushed and the only thing that was good was the final fight scene with the shark, which I found very lame. The movie was a waste of my time.  The shark should have been released in the late 80's, instead it was released in 2002. The shark was released as a killer and in this movie it's a killer. Why release a movie where a killer shark is never released.  There are two other movies out of this movie which were pretty decent. I recommend those movies to anyone who wants to see a bad movies, but not a good movie, which is a waste for everyone.  This one is a really poor movie and is an embarrassment to the original movie. The director must have had the wrong idea of what a killer movie was and it was not a real killer movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that you would normally watch in the early days of the 70s and the 80s. This is the sort of thing that people would find interesting and entertaining, but the whole thing feels like a cheap knock-off.  The story is basically two guys (Wyatt and C.J. MacNaughton) in a hotel room, talking on the phone. One of them, named "Wade" (I think the name comes from a movie, "Wake Up, It's Happening") is in the middle of talking to his girlfriend and she's playing piano in the next room. The other, "C.J." (I don't know his name) is in another room and he's talking to some guy who is on the other line. I guess it's just a bunch of nonsense and people just made it up.  There is a bit of a twist in the story, but that's it. I found the whole movie boring and uninteresting, even though I was intrigued by the idea of two guys in the same room playing phone games.  I'm going to have to give it a 0/10, unless they are able to put together some sort of plot or some sort a twist. I mean, you can come up with a reason for the guys to be playing phone game with the other guy (who's the only one in the room with them, so I guess you're not going to get that), but the entire premise falls flat on its face. The guy on the line that's supposed to be the caller gets the impression that he's just playing a stupid game and it gets to be a bit silly. If the movie had been edited out, the whole premise would have been made more interesting and more believable, but it wasn't.  All in all, I don't recommend watching this movie. I wish they had just made a short movie instead, because it might have been worth something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have no idea how to explain how a movie so bad can be good, but it is. I think it's a bad remake of "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Universe", which is not even the best of the series. The characters were so poorly written and acted, it was hard to believe that anyone would like them. They were all so ridiculous, that I was actually rooting for them to lose. I don't understand how a person could enjoy the characters or the story line without giving up. The story was so incoherent, I was totally lost. The only good thing was the music, but I don' know how to make it even remotely tolerable.  The only saving grace was the cast. I thought that the actors in the series would be better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know it is the first film that was ever made about a film: the first "Citizen Kane", "Rodeo", "The Passion of Joan of Arc", "Cameron Street", "Lepelletier" are all part of the same story. "A Million Dollar Baby" is a total mess. This movie is a mess. I mean, I can understand why the director made it. But there is something very, very wrong with it.  First of all, the acting. The movie has very poor acting, the main characters are stupid and even though the plot is very obvious, you can never tell what is going on and it seems that the director has no idea how to tell the story. Some of the scenes are so stupid that I cannot believe anyone could make it up. There is nothing in the movie that makes me feel even remotely sad. Some people may not like it because they are too young to see movies like this, but for me it is just a waste of money and a waste if the director did not understand what the movie is about.  The acting in this movie is so bad, that it is not even funny. I'm not sure what is the point of the movie. I don't even care about the movie and I want to give it to my kid to watch. I just want to see the actors in their stupid characters, not in their "pursuit" acting.  There is a whole lot of crap in this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very bad movie with no plot, character development, direction or anything at all. This is a movie for people who like to see a lot of nudity. I am sorry, but that was not what I was expecting. This movie does not deserve a 1/10 from me. This isn't a movie that you should waste your time on. I would say that it's about 30 minutes and it's not even that good. It's like a really long movie that only has 15 minutes. And I really don't care if you like porn or not.  The movie was just so long that it felt like the whole movie was going on for hours. I found myself wondering what the hell was going in between scenes, even though I was totally immersed in the story and was able to see the action without getting bored. This was the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. This should not be a movie, it should be a bad video. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a fan of films from the 70's and 80's, but this movie was terrible. The acting was bad, the plot was terrible, and the story itself was so unbelievable I felt it was meant to be funny. It's like you have to take a drug to numb yourself.  It was so poorly put together, the story seemed to be written on the spur of the moment, and it felt like the whole movie was about the wrong person.  Even the music was terrible! This movie was not meant to look like a 70's movie, it should have looked like a cheap 80's comedy! If you are looking for a laugh, don't watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very long, boring, very uneven and unoriginal movie. I don't even like the name "The Man in the Red Dress" and I'm guessing that it's not even worth a single point for the "critics".  The whole thing is a giant, awful mess of a movie. There's no point to it except for the fact that the whole story is a little bit more believable than other horror movies. If you want a boring and pointless movie to watch and enjoy then I say go ahead, but don't expect anything better.  I can only assume that "The Red Dress", or "The Dark", or the title of this movie, or the director's name, is simply a placeholder name used by the movie to describe the events leading up to the murder of his girlfriend, Laura, in an insane asylum. The director, Brian O'Hara, is obviously not interested in writing a realistic horror movie because he has little interest in being one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen anything like this before. It was just so bland and so slow. It wasn't funny and I couldn't understand the jokes. I don't know how anyone could think this is funny. The writing was atrocious, the acting was awful, the cinematography was terrible and the soundtrack was awful.  I guess the film was shot in the late '70s so I guess it was just too early for anyone to have figured out how to make a decent comedy.  If you're going to see this film, don't watch it. I'll admit I laughed at the first few jokes. But after that, I was just plain annoyed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little too long and boring to really get into it, but what really bothered me was the fact that it was a full-length documentary on the "last of the dinosaurs". Why make a documentary about dinosaurs when there are so many other movies about dinosaurs?  This movie was so bad I couldn't watch it at all. I really don't understand why they decided to do this when there were so many good movies out there.  The story was a total joke. Why was there a dinosaur attack when there wasn't one in the first movie? And why would the characters have to be in their own dinosaur-shaped habitat? This was a waste of time and I would have preferred not to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen it once and that was a few years ago and it was awful. I don't think the whole story is the same as the original but the story itself was OK, nothing to write home about but it was boring and there was little to recommend it at all. There was no real sense of the movie being made up of two different stories.  In this case the movie is a complete waste of time, the story is just too long and pointless to try to make it interesting. This movie is so bad it makes the original seem a bit better.  There is no story at all in the film so I couldn't tell what happened to the people who are the protagonists. I've also noticed that the camera is too slow and jerky and I think it would have been better to have it move faster and slower as you need to concentrate more on what is going on. If this movie was made into a horror movie it would be a bad one.  If you want a horror film don't look for this one, go for the original one instead.    I give this movie 2 out of 10 for the story and 1 out of 20 for the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was surprised that this movie was even made. I've seen the original and was disappointed when I watched the DVD version. I'm not sure what it was about this movie, but the only thing I liked was the idea that there was a "secret" place, but it was a room inside a house, that people could only enter by using a special code that would be used by the director.  I really don't know how a director could come up with this idea when there are hundreds of other secret rooms throughout the entire movie. I was just as disappointed in the movie as the others who gave it a low rating. I don't think anyone can find a secret room in the film that the director could have used to hide his own secret room.   In the original version, the movie ended with a scene where the director was in his secret room when he was approached by a character, who had been waiting for him all the way to the end of the movie.  This movie isn't even worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Story of Us" is a terribly made, poorly conceived movie that is a waste of the actors' talent and that fails to be a good movie at all. The acting is terrible, the plot is nonsensical and the dialogue is incomprehensible. The story is so poor that it's almost impossible to believe the movie's existence. A few of the movie-making choices are worth considering. For instance, the movie starts with a dog in a cage that is being taken out of the cage by an adult dog and then goes back to the beginning with the dog in the cage and tells us that the dog was inside the cage before the movie begins. The movie tries to convince us that there are two dogs in the room, but it's just a movie for children.   It also contains the most baffling and bizarre "plot" of any movie ever made. I can't believe that anyone in their right mind would actually believe that the movie is about a dog that is able to speak. There is absolutely no way the dog is able and willing to communicate. The only way it could communicate would be to say, "I am a good dog."  The movie's idea that the dogs communicate in a way that is human-like is ludicrous. It's like if they can communicate in sign language, or sign language that is also human-speak. I guess it's a dog-like language. It makes no sense. I think the scriptwriters of this movie are either completely clueless, or completely incompetent. I really don't know how anyone could have made a movie like this. It doesn't make any sense at all, and I think it just proves how little some people understand about how movies are made. The producers of this film were so desperate to make a movie that they would even try to make it look like it's about dogs that are able to communicate in human-talk. The fact that the film was not made for children is just an insult to anyone who has ever made a good film, which is why I can only give it a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing this movie, I can't say that I'm much of a fan of horror films. But I was surprised that this film wasn't a total waste of my time. It was just a complete disappointment. I had to keep going back and forth from scene to scene because it kept cutting back and I kept getting bored and bored. The director should have gone into the editing bay with his movie and said "no way" when he saw that his movie didn't turn out right. There's nothing to be gained from this movie except for the fact that it's not an "I hate horror" film.  I'll say that this movie was just the second worst film that I have ever seen, the first being "The Silence of the Lambs". The director must have been so proud of his first film, and therefore didn't bother with the second. The acting was a little worse in this film, but nothing too serious. The only good thing about this movie is that it looks like the director's brother had the idea for the movie before he actually made it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I must admit I have never seen a movie that I really liked. This one sure isn't one of them. Its not even that bad. But it is absolutely awful.  The only good thing about this film is that it makes fun of a good movie. It has a couple of jokes about the movie that are really dumb, but the movie is just awful. The acting is terrible and the movie was just awful overall. The ending was pretty good but I can't recommend it because it's just awful and so poorly made.  This movie could have been a fun, but it was just really, really bad. This movie is probably the worst movie I have ever seen, bar none. It was just a complete waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie, if you can even call it that, does not really seem to be a part of the overall plot or anything that's supposed to happen. In fact, it's not even clear why the filmmakers even bothered to film the events of the story. This is one of the worst examples of a film with an awful story in recent memory. It is just another episode of the same sort of horror-movie in which the camera zooms in on a very close-up of the victim's face and then cuts away. A few scenes are OK, and some of the gore is not particularly shocking. However, the film is full of awkward and unconvincing scenes, and it's just plain awful. It's not a movie, it just looks like one. It isn't even worth bothering to make a joke out of it. Just make a decent movie: "Babysitter 2" (as a quick synopsis of the plot might be), the same way that "The Exorcist" was "Babel" (the way the first film was "A Nightmare on Elm Street"), with a few more twists thrown in. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a huge fan of the original show, and the movie is pretty good, but it is really hard to believe that the same production company can do it again. I'm not sure why they made this movie, but what I did know was that it was going to be a remake of the show. I was very disappointed with the movie, and I'm wondering if it was made because the writers did not like the original and wanted to do something completely different. It looks like they made a movie for the kids that doesn't hold their interest. It's a very disappointing movie, since it was never meant to be more than a comedy show, but I don't know what they did to make it such a disappointment. It was awful and I hate the fact that they made it. It is a disgrace to their own company, and it was a complete waste of their time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes for this film, I mean I really did. But this film is just awful. The script is poorly written and the direction is terrible, especially for a first time director. There are too many plot twists and not enough story development. The acting is not that good and the special effects are terrible.  I would really recommend this movie for people who want to see an original story. Unfortunately, they don't give it to you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what happens when you try to do something original, and then you try something original that isn't original. I had some fun with this one. I just wish that the ending wasn't so abrupt and so obvious. I don't think I can ever watch this movie without laughing hysterically. I know this is supposed to be a comedy, but it just isn't funny to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the whole thing to be absolutely laughable. I would've thrown my copy of the book in the toilet had it been around in the bookshop I was working in when I first read it. It's not even funny in the least. The characters are so wooden that I don't think I'd ever read the book at all if I hadn't already.  The acting is really bad, and the writing is so unreadable that it would have made my grade a 10 if I'd have bothered to read it, because there's no point in reading this.  I don'T recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got to see this movie when it first came out and I was amazed that it was so bad. It was so poorly written and acted that it made me feel like it was made for TV and not to be seen by the big screen. This movie was so weak that it could have been made for television. In fact, it was almost made for the tiny screen. The plot is not a good fit for a feature, especially with the time period and the cast. The acting was also a little too much for the character, especially the older woman. I give this movie 2 out of 10. I would have been more disappointed if I didn't see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an unoriginal, poorly made film that should not have been made in the first place. The story has nothing to do with the characters or the plot, and it really makes no sense in the slightest. The actors are mostly unknowns who had no part in the movie or in the "The Office" TV show. The characters are just as weak as the characters in the TV show, but there is no reason why this movie should be in theaters. The only saving grace is the sound, which is very flat and unimpressive. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was disappointed when I heard that "The American Pie" was a cult hit. I really thought it was an adult comedy. It is very low budget and has nothing to recommend it. There are very few funny moments.  I have never been a fan of John Hughes movies. However, I liked "The Breakfast Club", which he made in 1984. "The Omen", he made a couple of years later, is one of his funniest movies. So, why is it so bad? The story is about a couple who are in love, but their relationship is just too slow and awkward. This movie is a comedy at best, but at worst it is just an adult drama. The only thing that saved the film was the music. The lyrics are atrocious. I don't know how they could have possibly thought that they were going to be funny.  This movie was supposed to be released as a DVD, but it is so bad, it is released as DVD only. I would have given it 4/10, but because it was released as an R rated, I gave it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, the one where the hero is a drunk man who kills his lover in the movie's title, was supposed to be a comedy. And yet, somehow it turns into a horror movie. This is the only way I can describe this movie, since it's an unmitigated disaster.  A couple of moments from the beginning of the movie were OK, but later on the director tries to give it some charm by giving the audience a glimpse of the hero's home and his lover. This movie was just a cheap way to earn money. You see, this movie is an "American Horror Story" and so the plot can be adapted into a scary movie. But this movie should not have been made in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins with a very lame scene in a hospital waiting room. Then the main character, a young man, goes on a mission to save a dog from being euthanized. When he encounters the girl, he finds that she has some strange powers that make her a danger to other people.  The rest of the movie consists of the main guy and girl getting in trouble. The movie never gets to a climax. The only good part of this movie was the scene with the boy in the hospital who got his hair cut short.  I have seen worse. The best part was when the girl was running around the house, wearing some kind of crazy disguise, but that was all it was.  A movie that has no plot or a plot at all. The main guy is not interesting enough to get your interest up. There are no scenes that I was actually able to relate to. The girl, while being a bit ridiculous and over-the-top, is OK. If you are expecting a cute, sweet and lovable character then you will be disappointed. If your expecting some kind an evil, psycho, or evil chick then you may like this movie.  If you want to see a good, but not very original, movie then see a different movie. A good movie is like a good movie should be. The rest is like the rest of movies. They're all about the same thing. The actors and the actors' lives, but there's no plot. If the plot is important then you can get a plot. In this case the movie is so lacking that you'll probably get bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The acting was horrible, the plot was lame and the cinematography was terrible. There was not one memorable line in the whole movie. I gave it 2 out of 10.  There was nothing interesting about the story, no characters or plot developments, and it seemed to have no connection to any of the other movies in the trilogy.  The only redeeming point was that there was a lot of action scenes. This movie made the best attempt to have some originality in a very predictable and predictable movie. But that is about the only redeemable quality.  This movie was not a waste of your time. I give it a 1 out of 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know this movie is not about a particular historical figure, but I would like to point out the obvious similarity of the title of this film to "I Am Spartacus", which is the main character in that film. Also, "I am Spartacus" is actually based on the life of Spartacus, the main hero in "Spartacus".  So this film just seems to be an homage to "Sithis", who is a villain in "I think". In the film, "Sisus", who actually did become a champion in the gladiator games and had a good character in the Spartacus TV series, is played by a guy in a suit and cape, who is played as if he was in some kind of "Sigurd", who fought with the character in "Warrior".  The movie also seems to have been filmed in Italy and filmed a few months before "War of the Gladiators" was made.  The plot seems to revolve around the death of a child, which is played out in a very contrived way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at a theater and had to leave the theater because I got tired of it. There was no plot, no plot development and the script was not interesting at all. There were some interesting and unique scenes that I watched that I would have been able to relate to if they had been a part of the movie.  This movie made me believe that people who like to watch movies are boring. I thought it was a waste of time and I'm not sure I'll watch the rest of this movie, if I'm ever allowed to watch any of it at a movie theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In its first half hour, this film is a complete disappointment. It contains some nice moments, but its action sequences are so uninspired that I can't figure out what they're supposed to be doing. I found it difficult to follow the plot at all, as the acting is weak and the script has no plot to speak of. There's only one really funny moment in the entire movie.  The movie has been shown a few times, and it's clear that this movie was not made to be shown on the big screen. In fact, it's probably not even possible to watch this movie without getting sick. I can only imagine the agony of a family that watches this movie over and over again, only to feel sick at the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are three major problems with this movie. First, it's just not very well written. You don't care that the main characters are a total idiot. There is not even a hint of humor in the movie. The other problem is that it's all about how the movie's main character, a guy who is an actual, not-quite-hero-of-the-book, finds himself.  The problem is the movie just didn't care to create a believable story. The story isn't as interesting as it should have been. It's just a bunch of characters saying the same thing over and over and doing so in a repetitive, predictable fashion. It also has a lot of plot holes. For example, the guy that saves the town's townspeople, the one who is in the film's opening credits, never really saved the town. He saved one guy, and then it's never mentioned again, even though we see the townspeoples, who are saved by him, in the next few hours. Also, the town where the guy saved is never mentioned or shown again. That's a pretty big problem, especially since that town is the town that the hero saves. So, if you've ever seen a movie that had some of the plot holes, you can probably tell how it's going to be. The characters don't really do anything. They just keep saying the exact same thing for the whole movie.  And, finally, the movie is way too long. A couple of movies that were a bit longer would have worked just fine. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really disappointed when I saw the video for this film, as I was expecting something better. I thought the idea behind this film was cool, but the acting was so poor that I couldn't even finish the first act of the film. I was so annoyed by the characters that I just didn't care. The acting was really bad, and the story seemed to have some very predictable twists and turns that really didn't make sense. I don't understand why this movie is in this rating. I gave it an 8, and I am embarrassed to say that I gave this film a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is very disappointing, as the story is not very good and the action is very predictable. The special effects look like they are filmed on a cheap video camera and look awful. There are no other special effects and the effects are so bad that I found it hard to believe they were even filmed. I found the character of Paul Dever as a stereotypical drunk who constantly talks about how much money he has lost and that his girlfriend is cheating on him.  The script is poor and the director does not make much effort to make it interesting. The only reason I found this film interesting was because I was so annoyed by the lack of action. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. I don't know if it was even made by someone else or if it had a writer and was poorly made. If it was made by a person who knows what's good and what's bad, I think they would have been a lot better at making the original "Lumberjack" or even "Lucky Dog".  In "Lazy Dog", the dog, played by Sam Neill, is constantly being chased by a pack of wild dogs. The movie seems to try to imitate "Lover's Delight", with a dog and an elephant as the main characters, but the actors never do anything remotely believable. The "Loner" is a far more entertaining movie and has better acting, because the actors are much better.  "Losing the Fight" is not a very interesting movie either. There are some interesting ideas here, but they were never implemented properly. The ending was predictable, but it could have been better if they had left it to the imagination. The plot seemed to be much more like the original film.  It's just not worth the effort. You could watch the original movie instead, but that's the only way I can think of to see the movie without having to endure watching it over and over again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film that features a plot of the main character having a heart attack in the middle of the film is so stupid that you can't help but to laugh at it. A few scenes were good enough but the rest were a complete failure. A lot of the acting was amateurish and the script seemed to be the main culprit. The best parts of the movie were the title sequence and the final scene which was the most ridiculous part of the whole film.  The only reason I give this movie a 2 is because the DVD release of the DVD is so poor and has such a low quality picture quality that it is really hard to distinguish the actors from one another. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a poor imitation of the original. The plot is not even remotely interesting. The acting is bad, the script is terrible, the direction is awful, the animation is terrible...but oh-so-brief and not particularly interesting. There are several scenes that could have been a really good comedy scene if the actors were able to be funnier. The movie was very poorly edited, with some scenes that were cut out for the sake of not ruining the scene, and the music and sound effects are also weak. I think this movie should be a "B+", but not in the middle of the pack. I don't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was absolutely terrible. It's just not worth seeing, not even by the director's own standards. The actors had no chemistry with the plot, and there was absolutely no reason to care what happened. The whole movie was basically a pile of garbage. There was absolutely nothing interesting to say about the main characters, and they didn't even really seem to care if you hated them or not. There were no redeeming qualities about this movie whatsoever. It was so boring that it's just a waste of time.  A huge amount of the blame falls on director, Chris Henchy. He's one of the most talented and exciting directors in this country, but he's terrible at directing.  I'll give him credit for writing this thing, but it's awful. If I had to give him any advice, I'd just tell him to take an axe to a pile and get it done quickly. It would save him so much time and money.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film to be the first of two that I was absolutely disgusted by. The only thing that I liked was that it seemed to be a "comedy" of sorts. But, as an acting exercise, I found it to be very boring. I've never been able to see anyone in a film do more than two or three lines of dialogue without feeling it was a waste of time. And I don't understand why this film was even made. There are so many better movies out there to be made. The other thing is that it's just awful to see people who make movies like this. It's like they are trying to make the movie they like the most, but don't realize it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a way this movie was kind of like the "Tron" movies in that it was just a glorified way of showing off the original movie. But I can't say the same about "Vampires". The plot and the acting are the worst of the bunch and the music is the worst thing ever. I think that this is a poor excuse for the original movies.  And I don't know how this director got around directing the original. The original movie had a decent script and acting. The director should have been in the original series.  I'm surprised that the movie has the rating of "D" instead of "R" because it was so awful.  The only reason why I can say "Vampire" is that it has the original theme song and some new songs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen other movies in the genre of "The Walking Dead" and "Fear", and thought it was a pretty good idea. But this one was just awful. I think I'm going to see a movie theater to see it again just to see what I think about it.   The actors were terrible, the direction was poor, the story was not a story at all, and the acting was so-so. It made me want to rip the DVD out of my own TV and throw it at the TV.  I just felt like there was no point in this movie. I mean, it was not bad, but it was so bad I didn't even know where to start with the DVD player.  And I would have liked to see the rest of the movie as well, but I'm still not sure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title says it all. I give it a 1/10 because it's really not that bad, but it's definitely not the best movie in the history of movies. It's actually rather tame compared to other recent fare like "Worst Episode Ever" or "The Hunger Games". It's just not that interesting or funny. The story and acting are OK but the story line is so weak and it really just makes no sense. The only thing that's good about this film is that it makes you wonder if the director actually cared for the story or not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original idea was quite brilliant and I thought it was going to be a pretty good movie. Unfortunately the script was too bad to understand how this movie would turn out. I would have really liked to see more of the characters and the story. I was expecting something like "Manhattan". But I am disappointed that the story is so poor.  A really bad movie.  The only good thing about it is that there is some music and there is one good joke in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so predictable and so shallow, that the only redeeming element in it was the great acting. I had to look up this guy's name for a while. I think it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen. There are several things that could have been better, but the acting was so bad, that I couldn't find anything better to do with my time.  I think that the director didn't care about the story, he just didn't want to make the movie as much as possible. He didn't have the time to make a good movie, he had to make his money, so he went with the worst of the three. It wasn't that the acting wasn't good, the acting is just so bad that it just makes the whole movie that much worse.  The film is just like all the other "B-movie" movies that I've seen. If I saw this movie, I would be so embarrassed that I would throw it out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, they do not give us any information about what's going on. In the beginning, there is an elevator that is supposed to bring the main characters to the top of the building. But it is never working, and the elevator falls to the ground and the characters are falling down, but the elevator has to work. And it always goes up in the middle of the night! I don't understand what they are doing here. There is no logic to it. It's just a bunch of stuff that's not happening.  Also, there are some really stupid jokes. Like the fact that the main character (who is not even named in the movie) is in his underwear and the female character is in a swimsuit. The only reason that this movie exists is because the writer is obsessed with making the movie look like a romantic comedy. The whole movie is a bunch that's really not supposed to be there, like the elevator that's never working and the stuff that happens in it.  And that's why I think this movie sucks. It sucks because they didn't even care about the movie. And I don 't understand why they even made it. I guess they didn 't want to make a movie, but they did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is simply bad. It's basically a video of a girl walking through the woods on a dark night. No suspense, no tension, no anything.  The acting is bad, the special effects are horrible, and the camera moves too slow and too often.  There's not much suspense and the girl dies too quickly.  I saw it at the "Dark Sky" festival in Berlin, and I was not impressed by the quality. I was disappointed because the film seemed to have some real potential to be a good film. If I had to choose, I would have to say that the quality was just plain bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie.  The acting was horrible, the story was bad, and the plot was so lame.  This was made by the same crew who made "Swingers", "Honeymooners", and "Night Stalker". This is one of those movies that just goes in one direction and never stops moving. This is not a comedy, but a thriller.  I could not understand why the scriptwriter and the director thought this would be a good idea. It was the most boring movie I have ever seen.  It has a great script, but it should have been made into a horror film. It's a very long movie that you have to sit through to get the full experience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the kind of thing that makes you question whether or not the makers of this movie really understand what they are making. It is not even a decent comedy, much less a comedy of the stupid variety. I can only assume the makers do not understand the difference between a comedy and a slapstick. This movie just isn't funny at all. The acting is pretty bad and it's the weakest thing about this movie, but there are some things that make it worthwhile. Some scenes are funny, and I thought it was kind of funny how they treated the dog.  I would like to know how the makers feel about their own movie, and why they chose to make this one. It seems like the only reason the movie is as bad as it is is, is because it was made in a rush to get a movie out. Maybe if they had a better idea for the movie, they would have made a movie that was funnier than this one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film's main problem is that it's so predictable. This is the biggest problem in "Goblin" as it is a predictable story about a goblin who is a murderer and a thief. There are so many moments where the goblin is seen looking for something in a specific place and then comes up empty handed, and there are many other moments where he or she is seen walking down the street and then suddenly runs into something and then gets shot or stabbed. The movie does not make sense and this has a negative effect on the viewers. This film is so predictable that you are not sure whether to laugh or cry. It's the worst kind of film I've seen.  The acting is awful. They do a lot of unnecessary acting and I really think it's just a few people who couldn't get the movie they wanted. I don't really know who the main goblin is or why he has the same name as the protagonist. All in all, this film was just plain awful. I did enjoy the goblin in the book though, and that was mostly because he was actually a character in the original book.  I give this movie 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In spite of all the positive reviews, I think that the film was at least a little bit entertaining. But, this was no 'A Fistful of Dollars' and I am not sure if I will be able to forgive the producers for this one. The characters were all clichd and the plot was extremely predictable. There was one scene where a man was killed off camera by a woman, only to come back and attack the other guy, only for the woman to be killed. It is really disappointing that a movie so clearly designed for entertainment has such a poor ending. If there was a hint of a hint that the whole film was not meant to be taken seriously, I would have thought it would have been cut out. The plot is predictable and predictable and the characters were not believable.  In the end, the movie left me with the feeling that I had wasted the time watching. I don't know if this film will do anything for the box office, but it's certainly not a good idea to waste your money on a movie like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was about a couple of old friends, who are friends of a person who is a very old man who wants to find out what they are doing. When the old man's friend dies, the old friend becomes extremely jealous and goes out of his way to find the couple. The couple is in the house of a couple, who is married, and has a young boy in the kitchen, who looks like a little girl. The old man and the boy are getting into a quarrel, and the old woman tries to help them out, but she cannot understand what is happening in the other house.  The old couple's friend has a younger brother and is a doctor, who takes care of him. The doctor is so old that he is only able to make sense of the world by reading his wife's mind. When this happens, the older woman is killed and the doctor is blamed for it. The young man is about to become the murderer, but he tries to get the police to come and find him, because he is being accused of murder. The police can't come, because the old couple are being blamed for everything. The girl is killed by the old murderer, and then the old girl dies. The movie is about a girl who is murdered by the doctor, but only the girl knows that it's not true.  I was extremely disappointed.  As I said, the movie is only about the murderer and his girlfriend. The whole movie was like that. You could not understand the people and their motives. You did not get a feeling of the story, because it was just that it was a girl murdered and the murderer has revenge.  If you are looking for something with a plot and drama, watch a horror movie instead. You will never understand why the old person is always so jealous. The story was not even believable.  All in all, I would not recommend this movie to anyone. If you want to watch a movie about a murder, watch the TV series "True Blood", but don't watch this movie, because there is nothing to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful, terrible, and utterly un-original movie, and by the time you get to the end it's just one big, over-the-top, incoherent mess. I can't believe I gave this movie two stars. I cannot understand how anyone could have allowed this film to get that much acclaim, and then have the audacity to rate it so low. What the hell was that movie made of? And why did it take so long to come out? This is a horror movie that just about anyone could make better than this...and no one was willing to. I don't think I can put my finger on what this movie was made of. It's as if someone took the plot and tried to put it in one word.  I give the movie a 1/10, because I feel like I'm being graded on a curve. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to start off by saying that I'm a moviegoer and have been to this movie twice. This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. There were so many mistakes it's unbelievable. I think the writer/director was a really good actor in the 80's but he can't write scripts today. The story wasn't interesting, the acting was awful and the directing was awful. The script was so poorly written and so poorly directed that I was afraid of going to see the movie. I would never want to see this movie again, if you are even remotely interested in watching a movie with poor acting and awful direction... don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a film I would recommend to anyone. The acting was poor and the storyline was just about as predictable as it could get. There were a couple of really cool moments, such as the two guys from the "Rockbusters" video that were so great in the original movie. This movie is nothing like the original Rockbusters, but then again, I didn't see the original.  If you're a fan of the "rockbusters" then you're probably gonna like this one, but if you're not a fan and just want a cheap, lame, crap-fest to watch, then this is NOT a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "A Night in the Life of a Bad Film: The Worst Movie I've Seen" is an insult to film-making. What a disgraceful waste of time, money, and a talented cast.  "Bitch", "The Boiler Room", "Shake It Up", "It's a Wonderful Life", and "The King's Speech" were better films. This movie is a waste of the people's time and money.  This movie should have been the first in a series of films on the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of weeks ago, I posted this review about "Rampage", the first feature-length documentary I've ever made. I thought it was a decent piece of work, and the fact that it had a very strong opening was somewhat disappointing. Then, I watched the trailer for "Sick Puppies". I was a bit shocked to find out that it wasn't a documentary, but a "horror movie".  The story is, at best, weak and boring. There are two characters that really don't make sense and, worst of all, the plot doesn't seem to make any sense either.  However, this is not what "Sickle Puppy" is really about.  "SICK Puppy", if you look at the trailer, and see the trailers of "Hollywood Undead", "Saw", "House of Wax", "The Ring", and "The Hunger", you can really see the movie was a poorly made, badly edited, poorly written, poorly directed, poorly acted piece of junk. "Sicken Puppy"...was an absolute waste of time and money. The entire thing was about as funny as the "Suck" episode of "The Simpsons". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought I was going to enjoy this movie, until I saw that there was no sound. What kind of movie is this? A film with no sound, only silence? That is a waste of time. Why didn't anyone else see this? I would like to know what went wrong. Maybe the director was a drunk? I mean, he was drunker than all of us. I would not recommend this movie to anyone.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed to find this. I was expecting the best. Instead I found this. A very boring and tedious film with a very poor plot. The only redeeming point was the beautiful, but poorly acted, performances of the two main leads. The rest of the cast was weak, uninteresting and annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good movie can make a bad film good. But this movie has been so bad I can't even recall it's existence. It starts out good, and then after about 20 minutes it goes into the most unbelievable twists and turns you've ever seen. The only thing I can compare it to is the original Ghostbusters.  A few things really bothered me. The acting was horrible. I mean really awful. Even for a TV movie you would think that an actor would be better than this.  I can imagine a good movie, but this was just so bad. And even though it was rated PG, it was too violent for my liking. I could see people running away from the scene. I was even afraid for my life.  Oh well, at least I had a laugh at the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made by a man who was not a filmmaker at all, but a writer. The movie is so bad, I am shocked that anyone who was interested in making a movie about a movie would make such a thing. There is no suspense, no tension, no suspense. The story is so unbelievable that the audience doesn't care about the characters, they just want to see how the characters get killed and if there is any chance to escape. The acting is terrible. One character is so irritating that I have to laugh in the theater. The director should have a director's hat, instead of an associate director's. I don't know what kind of person he was, but he should have been a film school dropout. The only reason he got to make a movie was because he was a producer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to this film when I found out the writer of the original book was going to do a sequel, so I was excited to see if he would be able to recapture the magic of the book. Unfortunately, this film was a disappointment. It is so devoid of charm, it is not even funny. It does have a great theme song though, so maybe it can get people to care. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is just an awful excuse for a TV show.  The cast was good but they should have kept the show alive. I really thought that they would be better off focusing on real life celebrities instead of making these pointless TV shows. I wish that they had just made a video instead of a series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this on HBO and had to see if the name is connected to the show. The name was in the title and the movie was very cheesy and not worth a second thought. It was a bad attempt to make a horror movie and did not really make an impression on me. The acting was bad and the story was really not worth the time to watch. I don't understand how a guy can write a movie and put the name of a show on it and then say it was made by HBO.  I would have thought that it was a series of short movies with the name "HBO" and then the name 'Nightcrawler' on the end.  This movie was made for about $25 to $50 to make and I would expect more from a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had me in tears when I watched it. It seemed to be an excuse for the producers to get out of doing anything. There was no real story, only the idea of the story. The story was about a "girl" who goes to a carnival where all the people there are girls. It just seems to make no sense. There is no explanation for anything. The girl meets all the men in the carnival, including one guy who seems to know everything about her. The movie is about 10 minutes long and it just seemed to drag on for too long. The actors did not even have enough talent to make the movie. They were all just walking around the set and acting like they had no idea what was going on.  The actors were terrible and the director should be fired. This is the worst film I have ever seen. I was really disgusted when I realized the director had never directed a movie before and had only directed a TV show. I can't believe that this movie was even considered for an award. The worst movie I have seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this movie was made in 1988. In 1993 this movie would have been released as "Catch-Em-All". But it wasn't. In 1998 this movie became "Clueless". It's so obvious now. The director has never been able to find a "new" idea. In the last ten years this movie has been completely re-edited and has lost a lot of its "dramatization" and "plot". It seems that this movie tries to tell us that the movie is supposed to be a comedy. It's not. This movie is just a very boring, poorly made, very cheap movie that tries to be funny.  The only reason I gave this movie a 2 is because the actors were good. The rest of the movie was just bad. I'd give it a 1.5 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is just a bit too much. The plot is predictable, the characters are flat and the plot is very predictable. It's just plain boring, and it's hard to figure out what is going on. I know I can count on one hand the number of films that I've seen in the last 20 years that were better than this. It just goes to show that it's very difficult to tell an interesting story in a film. And yet, the fact that it did so poorly makes me feel even more cynical about the industry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that I've seen a lot of bad movies in my time. Some of them were so awful that I was afraid to watch them, some were so great that I just had to sit through them. Some were so horrible that you couldn't even think about watching them anymore. Some I actually thought were good! I can only say that the worst movie I've ever seen was this one. I can't even remember how it started, I just remember the horrible ending and then I was forced to watch it over and over again. It was so bad that it made me want to throw up. I don't care if it's a low budget movie or not, if it isn't an attempt at comedy, it's really stupid. I think if you want to watch a low-budget movie that makes fun of a bad movies, go ahead and do it. It'll probably still be entertaining to you. This one isn't even worth watching, just go watch some low-end movies and leave me out of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know if you've seen this film, but I would like to say that the actors didn't have a clue what they were supposed to do or how to act. You could tell that they had no idea what they wanted to do.  The script is so vague and confusing that you're left to wonder how the characters get their clothes on or get the money they need to do their jobs. The plot is not believable and it feels like it was written for a 10 year old who was watching a bad TV show. The only reason this movie was worth watching was because I had to see it. I'm sorry but it was a waste of time and I wish I could go back and watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot, the story and the acting were so unbelievable. The acting was so bad, I had to watch the video to see if it was real. The story didn't make any sense and the action was so awkward and not even believable. It was so ridiculous that I actually laughed at it.  The director did a bad job in directing the actors. In one scene, the lead actor had to hold a gun up to his head and point it at the camera to make it appear that he was shooting the gun to make the camera follow his movement. This was such a waste of time. The camera would zoom out, and then zoom back in and it would not do anything.  I'm a huge fan of all the Disney movies I've seen, but this was one of the worst. If Disney wants to make a good movie about a good character, they can't make it so unbelievable that the movie has to be watched to see how ridiculous it is. If the movie was about a great man, it would have been better.  This is not a Disney movie. It is an action flick with absolutely no story or character development. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a guy who meets his childhood idol who he's been living with for 30 years. However, when the idol starts talking about what he wants, and the movie starts, the movie turns into an awful mess. The movie starts off as a decent romantic comedy, but as the story goes on, it gets to be extremely boring. And the fact that the movie was made in 1995 makes it even worse.  And I hate movies like this that just go and show a few scenes of the idol kissing a girl and then never mentioned it again. I don't care if the movie made people feel sad, or they were offended, I just don't want to see movies like that anymore. And if you see this movie, don't waste your time. Just go to the nearest theater and enjoy a bad film that would make you feel even worse about yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the most pathetic piece of trash I have ever seen. From the beginning, it is obvious that this film was designed to be released on video and to sell DVD's. There are no jokes, no characters, no story, no direction, nothing. The story is about a man (David Bowie) who is trying to sell a bunch of fake LSD (from the old movie) to a guy (the guy's name is "Pretense") who is obsessed with the movie's storyline. The only thing that makes this film interesting is that the pretense gets a little bit more intense as it progresses, but it's pretty hard to care about the pretence while watching the film.  This is probably the worst movie I have seen in a long time. I mean, you can't be this stupid. How the hell are you even supposed to tell jokes with a plot like this?  If you can get your hands on this film, DON'T BUY IT, YOU ARE BEING LIED TO!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an absolutely awful movie. It was so bad, I wanted to throw it in the trashcan. It seemed to be a desperate attempt by a producer to get a low-budget film to play in theaters. But it just wasn't possible. And there are no redeeming qualities to be found here. There was no story, no characters, no sense of story. I felt like the characters were mere vehicles to drive the plot. And the script is just as bad as the picture itself. The acting is atrocious and the direction is just so terrible. It is just a shame the makers didn't make the effort to make a decent movie with a decent script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I love this movie. I was watching it in 3D with headphones and I kept thinking that it was going to be one of the best movies ever made. Then I saw it in 2D. The 2D is awful, but the 3D is just plain horrible. The special effects are so bad that they're almost laughable.  In the movie, there are several scenes where the camera just moves so fast that you could be in the middle of the action and the movie would go by in a flash. I've seen it happen before, and I've done it on several occasions in real life, but never on this movie! The acting is so wooden and there are no real laughs in the movie. Even the music in the opening credits was horrible. It's just plain awful. And when you get to the end of the movie and you're finally allowed to enjoy it, you have to endure all the horrible acting, awful special effects and the tedious musical score that makes the movie feel like an industrial accident.  I think the reason for the terrible special effects is that they didn't want to make the movie look like it was a disaster. If you want a movie to be a hit, go to the big Hollywood movies like Titanic or Die Hard. If a movie has a good special effect, there is nothing better. If that's what the movie was going for, then why is there so much garbage in the special effects? This movie has nothing in common with Titanic or the other Hollywood movies that it is supposed to look like.  The special effect for the movie is very poor. You know why? Because they didn' t get any special effects when they made the special effect. They had to make it up with their bare hands. It looks like it would be cool if they had used some CGI, but that's not what they did.  All in all, it's just another failed attempt to make a big Hollywood movie. The only reason that I can think of for this one is that people who made it saw that they weren't getting much money to make these kinds of movies. I wish they had done something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film in a theater at the Bijou Theatre in New York. The movie was completely disappointing. The story was completely one-sided, the acting was terrible, the editing was horrendous, and it was so boring to watch. I felt the movie was an attempt to make a big splash, but failed. I don't think that the movie has anything to do with the story or the characters or the way it was written. I would not recommend watching this movie, because it just didn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a time when I was so excited to see a film that I wanted to see it in theaters on its release day. Then I saw this and I just felt like I was watching a trailer for a bad B-movie. I'm a very picky person and I feel like this film sucks and I want to rip it apart. But then I realize that I'm still in love with the original. It's just that I want the original to stay that way. I know I'm the type of person that likes to watch movies that are just plain bad.  The acting is not good and the script is absolutely horrible. The plot is nothing to write home about. It just does not have anything to offer. It is so awful that I can only see it from the point of view of someone who really wants to see this film for the first time.  And it gets even worse when the original movie was released as an anthology movie. I feel that this film could only have been made for an anthology and this movie only has the misfortune of being released as a part of that anthology. The movie is not only boring but also just plain terrible. The only good thing about this movie is that it is just too damn ugly to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no excuse for a movie like this. No, there is no reason to believe that anyone would enjoy it. No one. I think they just got together and decided to make a fun film. Well, what can I say? They had a good idea, but they had no idea how to execute it properly. There is nothing in the movie that I liked, and not even the two actors who played these characters made me want to hate them. They were so over the top, it was just plain unbearable. It was a really stupid movie. No reason to waste my time.  The only thing I can say about it is that it has been released and will be available on DVD soon. I guess that is better than the movie being "worthless" because people will still see it and that is what counts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed when I saw the movie. The film was just a waste of time. I had expected some better. But to be honest, I expected something better. The acting was not good, the story was not interesting and the movie was just boring. There are two reasons I gave it a 2 rating, the first is the story. The movie had very little interest and I just could not understand what happened in the movie or why the director had to make it like that.  The second reason is the acting. It was horrible. I think the actor was extremely uncomfortable, even in a situation where you don't expect a bad performance. I thought the director did not understand the character and didn't do his best to make the movie believable.  I just did not like it and was so disappointed that I had to see the whole thing again. I don't think it could have been made better.  But I would like to see a good movie with better acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had been expecting a really good movie but was sorely disappointed. There are just too many mistakes for a first timer like me to understand how it could have been so good. The story and acting is all over the place. I'm not sure if it was filmed on location or not. And the music is horrible.  I didn't know what to expect when I first saw the trailers and the poster. The only thing I could come up with was that they must have been very drunk. I didn' t see any signs of drunkenness on their faces, so that must be true. The whole movie is just so boring, I was bored after 2 minutes. I have no idea what they were trying to accomplish, if they were even trying to make a movie at all. It's just not a good movie.  The only positive thing I can say about it is that the original soundtrack is still available and can be used in a good film. But that is only because the director didn't understand the original score. I don't know if that means they made a crappy movie or it means that they were very drunk and didn't think the movie was any good, so they put the score in there. But it doesn't make the movie any better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I have seen a lot of terrible movies and this was by far the worst. I did enjoy some parts of the movie but the whole thing was a waste of time. I thought that the movie was supposed to be "realistic" and was about a killer who has been caught after killing a cop, but the script had so many holes, I'm sorry if I even made it to the movie. The movie was poorly done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're going to see a movie like this (I'm pretty sure it's this one) watch the trailer first (and not the title) - there's no way to know what's going to happen! The trailer tells you that this is going to be "real" and that it is, but the movie never stops. It's about as entertaining as an episode of The Twilight Zone - the movie is so slow and tedious you might as well not even bother to see it. It has nothing to offer and so much of what's promised never happens. There are some pretty good bits in it, however, and I can understand why some people are looking for a laugh here - it's a little too serious to be enjoyable - and it's pretty pointless.  The actors are either very forgettable or just too boring. The only one I found entertaining was David Ogden Stiers, but he seemed to have forgotten how he started off. He's probably not the only one who does that. The whole movie seems to be about the actors, rather than the story itself. The story was so predictable that I was wondering if they'd made a really bad movie or if they had just been so desperate for money they'd used their best effort for a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a lot to like about this movie, but I cannot say it is a bad one. It's just a bad, horrible movie. The plot is very simple, but it's so boring that it becomes boring.  There are a few amusing moments, but most of the film's time is spent simply boring us to death. I don't think anyone in the cast has a very good movie playing to them, but there are a couple of nice supporting players.  I don' like the ending. It just doesn't make sense. If you can' find a copy of this movie at the local video store, just skip it. If not, buy it from the video store of a local video shop or buy it off Amazon, because that's the only way I'll ever see this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry, I can't give this movie a negative rating, but I don't feel like I'm giving it a rating at all. It's so incredibly bad, the only thing that saved it was that it was on video.  If you don't want to sit through the rest of the movie (which is at least half of the entire thing), just turn it off after about 15 minutes.  I wish that I could say more, but it really doesn't have anything to say.  It's like a terrible episode of a bad television show. It has nothing to do with the original movie and everything to do that makes it worse. It isn't funny, it isn't scary, it doesn't even have a plot, and it isn' t even coherent. The acting is so awful and the direction is so stupid, it makes it seem like you're watching something that was shot with an automatic camera. I can say all of that without sounding like an idiot. This movie is just bad, plain and simple.  And that is what the average movie fan looks for. This is why I am going to stop reviewing bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I'm no fan of John Waters, nor is he a fan of "The Pink Panther."  I was just looking forward to seeing John Waters in the role of an angry young man who is in love with his father and his sister. But, alas, John Waters has completely missed the mark here.  The movie has a slow, cheesy, and awkward pace throughout the whole movie. In fact, it was the worst movie I've ever seen, period.  It also has a ridiculous ending, as the characters are not only killed, but their dead bodies are also buried, and the movie doesn't end. What a shame. I'd say "Fool's Errand," by William Shakespeare, might be the best movie John Waters ever made.  If you're not a fan, don't waste your time watching this movie. If you are, watch it on DVD and make a point of never watching this one again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a surprise that this movie is so bad. A sequel to the movie where the main character has to live with the monsters he killed is a bad idea. A few things I don't like about this movie. 1. The movie seems to have no idea how to shoot a movie. It looks like they shot the first movie in a dark studio where everything is in shadow. 2. The monster is totally unnecessary. The only reason I give it 2 out of 10 is because the movie is about a monster that kills people, not a monster you'd want to see in the middle of a street. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a bunch of guys who try to find out what happened to their wives and kids. It is a very weak attempt at an R rated horror movie. The only thing that was funny was the fact that the guys' wives and daughters didn't want to go home with them.  The movie is just so bad. The story is so slow and there are so many plot holes. The main character (Jason Statham) doesn't know who the other guy is.  They are trying to find a girl who disappeared years ago. But it's not a mystery. The movie has to have a mysterious twist to keep it from being boring. This is the reason why I'm giving it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie is very interesting because it seems to focus on the most boring, boring and dull subject of the human race. If there is a story in the movie then it probably gets lost in the middle. The story is so dull that you can easily lose your interest in it.  I don't know what made the director decide to go down this path. It is so predictable and boring that I don a headache just thinking about it. This movie is nothing more than a collection of characters trying to escape from one situation after another. I can't understand why the director made it like this. Maybe he is trying to show that life is boring. If so he made a very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the third movie in a row that I've seen that I found to be a waste of time. This is really disappointing for a film where there is potential to be good. It has too many problems to even get into the bottom 10. The acting is weak, and the story is just about as shallow as it can get. It's basically a lot of the same recycled clips and plot that we've seen in so many other films in the last decade. This film is so poorly acted that it makes me sick. The story has nothing to do with the characters or the events of the movie. The director is just making a point that there's a lot more to the story than what we've been told so far. This movie could've been good if it was directed by a good director, but it's just too shallow to be enjoyable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie, the worst I've ever seen. The story was completely irrelevant to the plot. There was absolutely no reason to believe anything other than the fact that it was a man who looked like this and was supposedly this. No emotion, no feeling at all.  I'm not a big fan of horror, but I found myself constantly watching the trailer and hoping for something better. I was disappointed in the lack of character development, in the script, and the lack in action. This movie was a complete waste of time. I'm disappointed with the movie, I just want to see something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only positive thing about this movie is that I found it entertaining. It's a waste of time.  It's so bad that I would even suggest that it is better than the first four "The X Files" movies.  The acting was so bad and so predictable that it makes me sick to watch this piece of crap. The characters weren't even interesting enough to be interesting. This movie is like a horror flick without the killer.  I would recommend not watching this movie unless you are interested in being a horror movie fanatic. I would suggest watching it instead of "The Exorcist" or "Scream" because those movies were at least interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie twice, once in the late 80's and once in late 1990. Both times I saw this film, I was underwhelmed. This movie has absolutely nothing to offer except for a few minor references to the original Ghostbusters movie and a few shots of Egon, Ray and Winston (I don't know if Winston is still around, but I thought he had died by then). The only reason I saw the film again was because I thought it might be interesting to see the film from another perspective. After seeing this movie I was disappointed to find it so boring.  The special effects look like they were done by someone with no idea what they were doing. The music is annoying and not in keeping with the story. The film is simply a complete waste of time.  It does have a few things going for it, however. One is that it was made for children, which is pretty good. The other is that I think it is an excellent concept to make a movie about ghosts, which this movie certainly does.  If you're going to see this movie, don't bother. It is boring and not worth seeing. I will never see a movie made like this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason why this film gets a rating of 3 out of 10 is because it has an interesting premise (a bunch of friends decide to get drunk together, get wasted and have a good time), and the acting is OK, but it's just not very entertaining to watch for hours on end. I mean, come on. A bunch of drunk friends decide that they're going to go on a party, but they'll only do it if they all get drunk on the same night. The result is a very predictable, slow, boring movie. The plot is really bad. There's a lot of wasted time in the beginning. Most of the story is boring and stupid. The acting is terrible. I would give it a 1 out of 100. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is completely predictable, and there's little that can be taken seriously. The acting is below par, the script is not a good fit for the material, and the acting is not particularly impressive by the standards of today's TV. The plot was predictable, but it wasn't very exciting or exciting at all. The only redeeming quality of this movie was that the plot was more believable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure how to feel about this movie, because it was such a waste of time. I have a hard time explaining how this could have been a good movie. The acting was poor, the story was so convoluted, and the movie was so flat. It's just a mess of a movie. I just wish there was a way to get back to that part of the movie that made it so interesting. But, I can't say anything bad about the movie. It was very low budget, and I think that is to be expected with the budget of this film. It also didn't have the most talented cast.   Overall, I rate this movie a 6 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't care if the director was trying to get out of a contract or something. I donot care if it was a remake of a popular, well-received movie. I just don't like the direction of this movie.  It makes no sense, it is incoherent, and it is just a waste of time.  If you are interested in the story and want to see if you can make a good horror movie, watch The Possession.  The Possessed is not a horror movie. It is a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really terrible. It takes no risks and is not original at all. It does not even make any sense. It's really stupid and awful.  And even worse, it was actually directed by one of the worst directors ever, Mike Nichols.  The movie tries to appeal to the teenage boy audience by having a lot of kissing and cuddling scenes. That just makes it all worse. This movie should have been called "Shoeless Jerking Off".  Oh, and I guess the movie's supposed to be "true to life". But that's just another way to avoid showing nudity, sex and violence. Just like that stupid "True Detective" movie. I really don't know why anyone would even want to watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film contains several plot holes and weak jokes. There's no story line, character development, or story. It's a bunch of old lines about being a tough guy, being in a fight, etc. There was no reason for this movie to exist. If you really wanted to see a fun fight scene, this would be a good place to start. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never been in love with the movies, the way they have made me feel, but I'm not surprised to find out that I have been. This is one of those movies that really irritates me because it makes no sense. You can't get the feeling of excitement, of danger, of romance, and of suspense, without all the clunky bits of plot and direction. I don't understand the movie, but it is obvious that there is a script that doesn't go in the direction that the director wants it to. This movie has all the makings of a Hollywood movie, yet it isn't very good. It has no atmosphere, no feeling, and no suspense. This film is the lowest point I have ever made.  The only reason I gave it a positive rating is because it is a "horrible movie", but this rating is about as fair as I can give. I can only say that this movie is the worst thing I have watched since the movie that killed the last two characters from the "Crazy Stupid Love".  The next movie that comes to mind is "Shanghai" or "The Devil and Daniel Webster" but that was so stupid and unbelievable that it's hard to believe that it could have been so badly made. The best thing about "Bad Boys" is that it shows you how to make a movie like this. Don't make movies like this! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only thing I've ever seen that makes me not want to see anything that the director says about it. And that's just because I don't know anything about this particular director. If I were to put this film in the same category as the ones I've seen that actually get funny, I'd say that it was the same as the "Scary Movie" and "The Devil Wears a Mask". I'm not sure what it was that was so bad about "The Big Lebowski", but it was not "The Leboonian", which is one of my favorite movies.  In the "The Last Dance", there's a really annoying song, but that's what you get when you watch too many movies. The music is pretty much as the movie gets. The rest of the movie is just a mess.  And I'm really sorry that I've put up this review. I'm just going to put it here and say that I'm sorry that this movie has made me want to never watch another movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a total waste of time and money. The acting is awful, the story is pointless and the plot is pointless.  The actors were supposed to be in the movie and yet they don't even seem to know what movie they are supposed to have been in. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie as a joke and so it made me laugh at the actors' names, but the jokes are just a few seconds too long to make a real impact on me. I don't know how much of the actors are actually able to speak English, but I dont think the actors can even have a decent English.  The movie is just very short and boring. The story doesn't make any sense and the script is extremely long and uninteresting. The acting is extremely bad, and the movie is about as interesting as a movie from a third world country with a horrible language, a really shitty movie that tries to make you laugh. Im not really impressed with the direction, and all the acting is really weak, except for one of the most annoying and irritating things ever - the opening scene. The whole movie is really bad and unoriginal. I just want to point out that this is a movie that is supposed to be funny, but just has a very low quality and no sense of humor.  I think Ive seen worse movies out there, but this movie is far too shallow and unfunny to be considered even funny.  If you want to see a comedy that has some kind of a plot, youll have to go and see "The Life of Death". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poor excuse for a horror movie. It's very obvious why the film was made. The story of the movie is terrible. It is really strange how they have the two main characters do a scene that only has 1 person in it. If they were to add more people in the movie, the story would be much better.  It's not a very good movie but is worth seeing if you are a fan of the TV series. It has a good title though, so I give it 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be incredibly annoying. It just seems like they didn't care about the movie or the actors or the story line. I didn't like the main characters at all. The movie was not interesting and the acting was a total joke. I can understand that they had to try and make the movie as realistic as possible and try to capture the feel of the characters. However, it didn't happen in this movie. All of the action scenes were boring and uninteresting. I just felt like there was no heart to the movie.  I would rather see a horror movie that actually scares me. I think that this movie just tries to make you scared of the monsters but it fails. The ending was incredibly stupid. I don't know what they were trying to do with that ending. The best thing I can say about this movie is that I'm not really a horror film fan and I was extremely disappointed in this film. I'm going to give it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea is great but the execution is horrible. The story is weak and the script is just a complete mess. There are too many characters and the story never really gets going. The film has no real theme or direction whatsoever. It's just a mess of plot, characters, and a few good shots. And the acting is terrible. I can't imagine anyone else giving a mediocre performance in such a terrible film. This is just so bad. If you want to see a movie that takes place in a very small town with one person (a prostitute) who has the ability to turn people into the opposite sex...this is NOT the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen several movies in which characters have attempted to win the hearts of the opposite sex. One in particular that I enjoyed was "Love & Hip-Hop: The Movie".  "Love And Hip-Hops" is a comedy/drama starring Will Smith and his wife Jada Pinkett Smith, who was a star in "High Fidelity". The movie is about a couple, named Will and Jada, who live together in a motel in Atlanta, Georgia. One day, Will is arrested for a crime that he has committed, and is given the opportunity to spend a few years in prison, or be released and let out on good terms with the rest of his family. Will and his family plan to raise their kids as best they can, but one night Will comes home to find that his daughter has left his house. Will is desperate to get her back, and decides that he will pay the father, who has already paid the father's debt to him, to find the girl. Will begins looking for his daughter, and eventually ends up going to the same motel where his daughter's father works as a cashier. Will then tries to rape his daughter. Will's plan fails, and Will's wife (who was a co-star of the movie) is raped by her husband, who is a cop. It is revealed that Will's daughter's mother is a lesbian, and that she had been having an affair with Will's brother. Will later reveals that he had already made a deal with the murderer of his daughter to get his sister's and brother's love.  The plot, despite the fact that Will has been a cop for 20 years, is nothing more than a rehash of the "Love and Hip-hop" premise.  However, I found that the movie seemed to be based on a true story rather than a script, and the acting was not as good as I would have hoped. It did not help that the cast members seemed to know each other's identities. It also did not improve the movie when it is said that the actors did not understand what they were trying to say. The dialog was too dry, too many jokes were made at the expense of the audience. The only thing that could have helped the movie was if the actors were able to be funny in a more subdued way, but they were not. The story was dull, and did not have a good plot to follow.  In addition to this, the movie is one
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a very unimpressive movie and if I were to rate this as an "average" film I would give it 1/10. It's one of the worst films I've ever seen. The acting, direction, and production are all awful. It just feels so uninspired and uninspired, and I don't think I've seen a movie this unimpressed with such little to work with. There is no suspense or tension in this film. The story is so weak and poorly told. And there's no reason to care about the characters or care about anything in this movie.  The plot is so unbelievable that it's really hard to take it seriously. In fact, I'm starting to think the plot was written by someone who has never read a book and has never seen a good movie, and he just thought it would be funny. I don' think he was even paying attention to the script at all, it's just so unbelievable. The only thing I like about this movie is the idea of "The Unreliable Man" who was supposed to be a really great actor and who could actually act, but who was never good at anything. He's so pathetic and so unbelievable, it is almost worth laughing at. It is the worst film I've had the displeasure of seeing, ever.  This movie makes no sense. No wonder it's so poorly received. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would give this movie a 1/10. It's just so poorly made, it's hard to even believe that this film was made. I had to see it twice. It was so slow and boring.  The plot is so weak and the characters so shallow and boring that it made me want to throw up in disgust. This movie was so boring, so uninspired and so shallow that it is almost impossible to suspend disbelief. It is so awful that it's impossible to make out the difference between the characters' dialogue. And it's so predictable and predictable that it leaves you wondering if the actors really knew how to act or if they really knew the plot. It takes an hour and 40 minutes to get to the point of the movie. There is no point at all in watching this movie. And that is why this movie will leave you feeling so frustrated and so frustrated that it will make you want to kill yourself.  I think that this is the only way to describe this movie that I can think of. I can't believe that it was made by a bunch of people who have not only never made a movie before, but have not made any movies in the two decades they have spent making this. I think they are all just desperate to get a job in Hollywood.  In a movie like this, you don't even care that the movie is so bad that it could not get a 10. It doesn't matter that the film is so slow that it makes you want the actors to stop talking and take the movie off the screen. It just doesn't seem worth the risk.  This movie is awful and you know it. It will probably take you a month to see the last 10 minutes. And the movie will probably go on to be a 1 out of 10 in your eyes.   This is a film for adults. A film for the adult with no redeeming qualities. The only redeeming quality that this movie has is the way it looks. It looks like it could have been a good movie but it wasn't. It looked like a bunch out of desperate people trying to make a movie for the TV. And you know that you don' t need to waste your time watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The plot is terrible and the acting is awful. It has no suspense and there is no actual story. The whole thing is just a bunch of people talking in the back of a van (and, in the worst movie I have seen, there is a guy sitting in the van with a mic in his face). The worst part is that there are about 10 minutes of actual content.  This movie is so far from being worth seeing that I just gave it a one out of 10. I rate it at 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very strange movie about a man who dies after being beaten up by an abusive ex-girlfriend.  The story is not very well written or acted and the dialog is so unfunny that it actually hurts me to watch it. I don't know how anyone could have been in the audience and not have laughed at the dialog. The movie is probably made with a small budget so the budget is likely a bit low.   I think it would have been better if the story was done much better and it was not a comedy. The comedy doesn't help the story much and it's a shame that this movie is being put in the movie club category because it just isn't funny.  I guess it's just one of those movies that is bad, so they give it to you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so horrible that I cannot recommend it to anyone who would like to see it. The acting is bad and the storyline is stupid and stupid. There are so many plot holes that you will have to go out of your way to understand why they exist.  I was very disappointed with the lack of character development.  All the characters are extremely shallow and predictable.  If you want to see a film where people are being portrayed as idiots, go to The Green Mile or any other horror movie.  This is one of the most depressing films I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was extremely stupid, the actors were boring, and the acting was atrocious. This film made a bad impression on my 18 year old. The characters were not believable. The "story" is just a bunch of stupid people acting out of pure boredom.  It was absolutely pointless and very, very annoying.  This movie made me think I was watching the original "The Naked Gun" and not the "Beverly Hills Cop". This is the reason why I do not like "Bewitched" movies. This movie was the only thing that I have seen that had an impact on me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was boring and pointless. The only thing interesting was the fact that the actor was the actor that played in the video games.  This movie should have stayed in the archives and not have been made. The fact that it has been made is a testament to how stupid Hollywood is now. It should be kept a safe distance from people's brains. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have not seen this movie then I would recommend that you stop reading now. The only reason why I was able to finish this movie is because I saw it in the theater.  So the movie looks like a bunch of people getting drunk in the rain. There are two guys sitting at a bar. A guy starts making out with a chick. The guy that was just starting to make out with the chick turns out to be a bad guy.  After that the movie starts to drag. The movie gets so slow and so boring that you will get bored watching it. The girl doesn't even get to see the bad guy, but the guy that's making out makes out with her.  The movie just doesn't make sense. If you watch the movie like I did then you will find that it is actually kind of funny. However if you don't like the movie then it is not for you.  In fact if you are into the "Suck it!" genre then this movie should not be on your watchlist. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure if the writers of this movie knew the meaning of the word "horrible", or if they really wanted to make it as a movie. But they sure got it. There is absolutely no plot to speak of, just an endless stream of bad acting, stupid lines, and a complete lack of character development. The only thing worth mentioning is that it is made in Italy, where it was a big hit. This is the first movie in Italian cinema that I have ever been able to enjoy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film isn't a masterpiece. But, it does have its moments. There are a couple of pretty good moments of drama in this film. The rest are awful.  The story is pretty predictable, but the acting is terrible. The acting in this movie is just awful. It's almost as if it was filmed in slow motion, with no care.  I would have expected this film to have been made as a comedy - and the acting would have been even worse. This film has a very long way to go. It has a lot of problems - but it's pretty hard to fault it. It is a shame that this film was made in the 80s. This is a low point in the film industry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of the movie is completely bogus. It's not a real documentary about an actual murder case or anything. It is more like a bunch of people watching TV and making fun of it. And there is really no way that this could have happened. It seems like it could have been made by a bunch at a party who couldn't tell jokes and couldn't understand what they were talking about. I don't think they could have even bothered to make it look real. I was extremely disappointed with this movie. The story has absolutely no meaning and is so poorly done that I couldn't even watch it without getting bored. The acting is so bad that you have to be a masochist to sit through it. The film was not even interesting, it was simply tedious. I could have watched the whole thing over and over and still not understood what was happening. And it was just a bad idea for the entire movie. If you want to see a bunch watching TV with friends and making jokes about it, watch TV and not the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good movie should be fun and funny. This one, however, is so shallow and ridiculous that I'm almost sorry to even have watched it. There is no redeeming quality to it whatsoever. The acting is not that good, the directing is terrible, and the special effects are bad. I wouldn't give it five stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this film is that the human body is being destroyed by the toxic effects of radiation. They use a "pseudo" movie to convince the viewer that the film is a film, which is actually a series of drawings. The drawings in the film are not drawn with any precision or artistry. They are crude and unrepresentative. They make no sense. They even make some of the scenes look funny. Some of the drawings are so bad that they make me laugh so hard that I cry. The story is incoherent. It starts off by making you think that the person playing it is the director. And it ends with the person being thrown into the ocean. How does this even happen? This film has a really lame ending. It is basically a series or two scenes of people trying to get to the ocean, getting lost and dying, and then being thrown back into the sea.  The film starts off as a pretty good horror film. It gets progressively worse as the film progresses. I give this film a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is not even a story but just a bunch of old friends. They decide to hang out every Sunday at a local bar. There are some weird events in the bar that get the group in trouble. This is followed by a slow ride in a truck.  The acting is awful. Some of the scenes are so lame that you would think that they are made up. It is sad. I would give them a 4.5 out of 10. I don't know how they made it through the movie. This movie has no suspense. It's not funny, and the acting isn't good either. The only reason I gave this movie a 3.5 is because the acting was good enough for the first movie.  I give it a 1 out of 5. I give this movie one out of a thousand. It should be 10. This was the first bad movie I have seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film begins in an ordinary manner and then turns into a mess, but the plot is the problem.  The only way to salvage the story is to have the actor do a bit of acting as an idiot and the film loses its identity. But this doesn't really solve the problem, it just makes it worse. The only thing that kept me from giving it a zero is that the film was very slow and the acting was atrocious. The cinematography was not up to par and the sound was bad, which is disappointing considering the fact that it was made by the same studio as "The Man Who Fell to Earth".  All in all, a terrible waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film with my kids because we had to go to bed and my daughter was watching the film on the screen. My daughter was a huge fan of the show, and I thought it was a fun movie. Then I was sitting in the theater with my son and we were both very bored, and we decided to watch the movie on DVD. I don't know why we decided, but we did. The movie was awful, and it was even worse when I watched it with my daughter and she hated it! The film is so poorly made that you would expect it to be at least 80% worse than it was. I could not bring myself to see this movie. The actors were terrible. The plot is weak. It is not funny. It was so much better when I had my kids watch it, and they hated it. The script was horrible, and the plot was so weak that I felt cheated by having to watch it again! This film is a waste of time, and even though it was on a DVD, I cannot recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I was expecting a fun ride but it was just a drag. There are no jokes in it, nothing is interesting and nothing is even remotely funny. I mean, just look at the first 10 minutes of the movie, the first half is absolutely awful. The characters all get their moments but I was bored by them after about 20 minutes. It was the worst film I have seen in a long time.  And I really don't know why they did this. I think the whole concept was wrong. It seemed to be made for children. But there's a problem with that. You can't make a fun movie for children if you try to make it for adults. It's like the movie was made for kids, not adults.  I don't understand how a movie like this could have been made in 1989. It should have been a comedy but it could have had a few more jokes. But what was it? A TV movie?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that has nothing to do with a movie and nothing to make it entertaining. It's a film for people who don't know how to watch a movie. There is no plot, no story line, no action, and it's not even funny. It makes no sense. It has no reason to exist. It isn't even funny to me.  It is the worst of all movies. I cannot say it is "bad" because the whole movie is over-the-top and stupid. It is an embarrassment of failures.  The movie is the most boring thing I have ever seen.  I saw this movie because I wanted to see an example of a movie where an ordinary person is made into a hero and where the audience cannot tell the difference between reality and fiction. The worst example I have seen is "I'm a bad driver". It is a terrible movie.   I think this is a waste of time and that it is only good for making people laugh at the stupidity of people who do not know how movies work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My boyfriend and I watched this film about a girl who wants to kill herself but is unable to do so. The plot is a bit predictable, although it does have a few interesting twists. Unfortunately, it isn't a good film to watch if you're a fan of romantic comedies. It's a very predictable comedy, in fact, I can't remember a single funny line from the whole film.  It's an interesting idea, and the director did a good job in putting together a pretty good cast, but it wasn't the film I was expecting. It was definitely not funny enough to warrant it's reputation. The actors did not make the character seem funny, they just made it seem that way.   The acting was mediocre and a bit annoying at times. It would have been more entertaining if the actors had done more to make the film more interesting and not just act as if it were a comedy.  The story was a complete waste of time, as it wasn`t funny or at all interesting to me. It wasn't even entertaining enough to be worth the 1 hour and 30 minutes it had to spend on it.  Overall, it was a very poorly made film that you will be more entertained by watching a bad film about someone trying to kill themselves than watching a funny movie about a person trying to make their life a better life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a world that's all about fantasy, why is there any place for such a dull and tedious excuse for one to watch? This is a film about a guy named David (Lance Winstone) who comes from a family of vampires who are being hunted down by the supernatural forces of the British Empire.  But somehow the director has made a movie where the only thing to do is sit through two hours of boring plot-twist after plot-thwomp after plot twist. The story is predictable and dull, and the acting is awful.  There is absolutely nothing that the characters do or say that isn't a part of the script. The only thing worth watching is Winstone's character. He's the most dull character in the whole movie. I'm not sure if he's a vampire or a villain. His motivation is unknown, but he has a bad case of the "damp head" syndrome. The acting is not nearly as bad as it was in "Van Helsing". I know it's the same director, but I'm sorry to say that Winstone and the rest of the cast didn't get a lot of help from this script.  The movie was terrible and the only reason I can give it a 1/10 rating is because I actually found myself wanting to watch the credits. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A sequel to the extremely unpopular "Frog Man" from 1999. Now it's a "Hobo" and not an "Man." If anyone who thinks that this movie could have been better has a negative opinion about this film, I will take it back. But don't worry--I won't watch it again! I didn't like the first one, I really didn't. I didn' like the second one, and I'm still having a hard time getting over it.  I can't say anything positive about this movie--it was so bad that I felt sad for the "Hobo" characters.  Oh well, there's no point in trying to make a sequel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has some good elements, but unfortunately it's pretty much all of the same elements and only the name of the movie keeps the viewer from thinking the movie is actually interesting. I like the concept of "I was born a year after the apocalypse", but it just feels like a cop out. I think this is a film that has lost its meaning, and the only way it could be redeemed is if it was marketed in the same way as other zombie movies. The only redeeming factor in this movie is that it is actually a decent horror movie. If the director were to do a real sequel to this, it would just be the same old plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a better movie. This movie isn't even a movie. It's just a bunch of people talking in circles. They can barely hear each other. The dialogue is awkward and predictable.  I'm not going to waste any more time on this movie. If you want to see a movie where people say all kinds of things without really thinking about it, go see the American Pie movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie with a very low budget and is nothing like the other "horror" movies made in the 80's. There are no monsters, only people and a few objects that you have to guess what they are. All the characters are pretty annoying and not likeable, the story is not even a joke.  If you are a fan of this kind of movies, you might like this one, if you are not you don't have much of a chance. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was so terrible I didn't know how to react when I was watching it.  First of all, there was absolutely no connection between the characters. There was only one character that made sense, and that was the girl in the wheelchair. Her character didn't have anything in common with anyone else in the movie, but somehow she made it work. But the movie is a complete waste of time.  Second of all it had absolutely no plot. Everything was made to look like it had some kind of plot. It's like a kid trying to write a good movie but doesn't know where to put the plot. The movie is just too long and uninteresting. I can't believe how much time was spent on the wheelchair scene alone. I found it very odd that the movie was rated a C+. If you're gonna make a movie about a handicapped girl who is trying to survive in a small town, you should try to make the movie at least 2 or 3 hours long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Dark Knight Returns" is the movie equivalent of "the movie with a big red box that says "The Batman Returns." In both cases, a bunch of people (mostly women) are duped into buying tickets and seeing the movies on the basis that they are worth something like $100 each.  I really don't know what to say to this movie other than I just don't get it. The script was too obvious to have any suspense to it. There was a lot of obvious fan-service to it, like when Bane had his batarang, and when Batman had his Batmobile, and a couple of moments where you could tell they were making fun of Batman, like the scene where the batmobile takes a detour and ends up being in a desert (as the driver tells Batman, "This is a desert, right?"). I'm not sure what's going on there. It's not a movie, just a bunch that looks like it's made up of people's money.  If you like movies that have a big "B" on the bottom, this isn't the movie for you.  The only good part about this movie was the "The Joker" cameo, which was pretty lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of time, and should never have been made. The acting was terrible, and the writing was awful. The ending was completely predictable. This is an awful movie for two reasons. 1) it was a remake of "Rashomon", which was awful, and was the inspiration for this movie. 2) the acting was actually pretty good, which is a complete waste of money.  I really don't understand why anyone would make this movie, especially with a bad script. This movie isn't interesting at all, and if you're looking for a comedy with some decent acting, look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, the movie seemed to be very interesting, and it would have been worth seeing if it wasn't for the fact that it's a very bad movie.  The movie has one of the worst soundtracks I've ever heard. It's the sound of a bunch of people in a room and yelling and screaming and it's absolutely terrible. I'm not sure who made it, but I'm sure it was the director. I think it's just as good if not worse than "The Goon", and worse than some of the other terrible movies I've seen, including "Worm". The fact that he made a movie like this is just unbelievable.  I've already heard that this movie is not a comedy, but it's clearly not a funny movie. If you're going to watch a movie that has the word "cunt" in it, I'm afraid that it probably isn't a comedy. The director should not be allowed to make movies anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so far from being a "movies that aren't movies" that it's not even worth reviewing.  If you want to see a film that isn't pretentious and that doesn't try to outdo itself, then look for another film.  The only real point of this film is that it makes a movie about a really bad movie.  This movie is just so bad, that the only thing that kept me watching was the fact that the script was so contrived and ridiculous. The story was so weak and convoluted that you would think the movie was made up of characters that have the same names and addresses that the actors had. If the script weren't so awful, I would have left the movie. There's a lot of plot points that are so utterly unbelievable that I'm actually surprised I bothered to mention them. The characters are so unbelievable that the viewer is forced to believe that they actually exist. In the end, you're left wondering why anyone would have taken the time to watch this. It's so utterly boring that I wonder if it would have been more effective if it was made by a couple of friends, rather than by a bunch of strangers who all thought the script sucked.  It's no wonder that the movie is being marketed as a "lost classic", because the "lost classics" are so popular, but this film simply doesn't deserve the hype. If you're looking for a movie to entertain your kids, look elsewhere.  I give it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It looks like a film with a very low budget, which probably explains why the actors and actresses were so bad. The actors were so low in their performances that the whole movie felt like a bunch of people on a bad improv show. The script seemed to have no idea of where it was going. Even the director didn't seem to know what direction it was heading to. And the cinematography was so bad that it looked like the actors were standing in front of a camera and shooting at a moving camera. If you are going to try and do a low budget movie like this, please don't try to pull off a lot of effects. Try to save the money for a better movie. This movie was the worst of the bunch of movies I've seen this year. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not funny, has no plot, doesn't make sense and really just stinks. There are some parts that I really liked. The acting is OK, but it's just awful. And the movie really lacks a little something in terms of humour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is actually two movies, but only one of them is good. The movie begins with a scene where the main character (Jason Biggs) has to drive to the crime scene and get the evidence back. However, the movie goes nowhere as the main characters are constantly chased by some cops and other characters. The first part of the movie was actually pretty good, and the ending was pretty predictable, but the rest of the film was a complete failure. There were so many things that went wrong that I felt that I couldn't understand how the script was supposed to make sense.  Some of the actors were great, but others (especially the lead actors) were completely awful. The film never got a positive review from anyone at all. It wasn't funny, it wasn't entertaining, it was just boring and poorly directed.  This film was basically a waste of my time and money. I wish I had not spent so much time and energy watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Saving Private Ryan" is not the worst movie I've ever seen, but it certainly falls below all other films that I've seen. I am not a huge fan of "Saved," and the other "Savior" films I've watched are far better than this. The acting, for the most part, is OK. However, the plot is not very compelling. It is a total mess, and not even a half-hearted effort to tell a story. "Saviour" doesn't even attempt to make the story interesting by having characters fight, and it doesn't have a proper ending. The story about the "Saucy Little Girl" is about 10% of the movie. The rest is just filler. I found myself bored and frustrated throughout the movie and couldn't really understand what the point was. This movie is not even worth seeing if you have a good movie to watch. If you want a movie that has a chance of being good, you'll have to pay $5.99 at the local video store to rent the "Bubblehead" or "S.W.A.R.M." (the "Wacky War Robots" series). If you don't have any money to spare, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is really boring. This is one of the worst films ever made. The story is unbelievable. It's just like all the other B movies. There is no action, no special effects, nothing to add to the story.  The only saving grace is the acting. There are some decent actors in this movie.  I'm sure that this is one film that people who love B movies will hate. I just didn't see anything that made me smile. It was all so predictable and so boring. The only reason I'm giving this movie 2 stars is because the director is so horrible that it's really hard to dislike him. The rest of the actors are OK, but they could be worse. It just sucks that these are all so bad.  If you want to see a movie that has no story, that is boring, and has nothing to make you laugh or feel good about, I would suggest you check out "The Unabomber". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not clear how it was ever made or who the producer was. There are no stars, no special effects, no music, no writing. All we get is a series of footage with actors playing characters in movies and it ends when the camera zooms out. The story is nothing more than a series off the same old theme. There is no connection between the characters and the story line or the plot line in the movie. The ending is not very satisfying and the characters are not interesting. It seems to be made to look like a low budget horror movie and is certainly not one.   If you are a fan of horror, don't waste your time. This is not one of the better ones and should be avoided. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a bit slow, but at least the special effects were very nice.  But I don't care if you want to see a great movie: You are not watching a movie. You are watching a bunch of people trying to make a movie about a big event (like the Apollo 13 lunar landing). So, when they couldn't make a great flick, they tried to make one that would appeal to the casual moviegoers. They didn't even try to make the movie fun, they just wanted to make something that could be shown on the TV. The only reason I gave it a 2/10 was that the movie looked like it was done in 30 minutes. The sound track was okay, but I can't say I like the soundtrack. The special effects looked like they were done in a day, and you could tell that the effects weren't finished until they were finished. It was not worth it to watch this movie, but it's worth seeing the DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second worst movie I have seen.  The story and acting are awful, the characters are bland, and the plot lacks logic. The only thing I really liked was the music. But it was just so boring and repetitive that it ruined everything else. I felt like I was watching a soap opera with a really terrible theme song. I can't believe the director allowed such a thing to be made. I am not sure what he was thinking. He could have used a little more direction and editing.   I would recommend NOT watching this movie. It is so boring that you will never be able to get rid of the taste of bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first of three films I'm about to review, and I'm going to say it right here and now. It's not even a decent B-movie. There are some decent actors, but the rest is terrible. The story is basically a cop/gangster movie. If you're looking for a great gangster film, look elsewhere. If your only interest is in this one film, then don't bother.  A sequel was made, but sadly, the same problems from the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to watch this movie twice just to be able to review it properly. I was only able to see the trailer once. And the trailer had been shown a total of 4 times. But, it was worth watching twice. The first time I watched the trailer, I didn't understand why it was being made into a movie. The trailer made it seem like a film with no budget and that the actors were paid. But the actual film was about 3 times as expensive as the trailer made. And this was the only thing that bothered me. The story seemed like an excuse to cast actors who are really good at acting but don't make the movie. This movie should have been made as a one-day short film, but it would have been a shame to waste it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching this garbage I wanted to vomit. I mean it really hurt me. This is the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. It is really a disgrace to the movie industry. This movie is so stupid and stupid it's just laughable. I think it's more of a comedy than a horror movie, because you can see how people who watch this movie don't realize what a horrible waste of time it is. The only saving grace is that it is pretty funny.  This movie would be better off if it was released on VHS and the only people who would see it are really stupid. It's just a waste of money and time, and a really embarrassing waste of the talent involved in this movie. I would have expected a better director to make a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a good way, this is a fun but flawed story and if you like to see a bad film you will enjoy this one. But it is so much better when you read it yourself.  This movie has so many flaws that you will be amazed at how bad it is. There is no story, no character development, and even the cinematography is so bad that it could be an art film.  The movie was so bad, that the producers didn't bother to include a credit sheet in the DVD. I am amazed that they did. If I were in charge of a movie, I would have demanded a credit for the movie.  I recommend that you buy the DVD and avoid watching this. It was a waste of your time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie at a local video store. The story was very boring and the acting was terrible. The acting was so terrible, that I was thinking that the actors had actually taken the time out of their day to read a copy of a movie script. There was no reason for anyone to act like this, and I'm pretty sure that the movie could have been made better. I would like to point out that this is the worst movie that I have ever seen.  I was expecting a little more from this movie, and it was just way too stupid to be considered a good movie. The actors could have used some more effort to make the story feel more like a movie, instead of acting as if they were reading from the script. I could have sworn that some of the actors did try to act more as if it were a movie when the film was released. I just hope that whoever wrote this script didn't expect that anyone would really like it, because there is no way that anyone could have liked this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a movie about the "bizarre" life of a strange woman living in the woods, you would expect a little bit of romance and humor. Unfortunately, the story is just about as flat and uninteresting as the scenery it's depicting.  There's a lot of bad acting in this one. No idea why, except maybe the director is trying to portray the character as having a somewhat complex relationship with her husband, the husband who is in his 30s. In the story, the wife is portrayed as having "trouble" with a man she met at a cabin in the forest.  The story really starts to fall apart, however, when the husband (who looks like an "everyman" type) reveals his affair with the woman he's been seeing, and the wife reveals that she's pregnant. In order to keep the affair secret, the man keeps his mistress from knowing the child's name and birthdate, so the wife keeps the child a secret until the child is born.  A big plot point in the film is the revelation of the husband's affair, which is hinted at by the husband in the middle of the film. It seems a bit of a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a huge disappointment! The movie looks like it was filmed in a college dorm room and then edited together in a way that resembles a college production. The script is filled with typos and stupid plot twists. The acting is awful and the movie isn't a comedy.  I just couldn't get past the first half of the movie. This movie made me feel like a complete idiot for watching it and I would highly recommend avoiding this film as it doesn't make any sense. I think I got bored with the first 30 minutes of the film.  It is really sad that this movie is made by people who don't have the intelligence to understand how movies should be made. I hope they are watching this movie with a bunch of friends and just laugh at the stupidity of it all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie twice, once on TV and once at home. Both times it was very bad, and I gave it a bad rating. The movie has a few nice shots of the Titanic, but it is very, very hard to suspend your disbelief and believe that the Titanic actually sank. The acting is terrible. The story is unbelievable. The Titanic is portrayed by people who don't seem to know how to act like real people. The soundtrack is awful. The special effects were so obvious, I had to double-check to see if the Titanic even existed.  If you're a fan of Titanic, do NOT watch this movie. It is simply the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I could find good in it was the music.  The rest of the movie was just awful. The story itself was really bad and the acting was really horrible.  One of the things I like about this film is that the characters seem to be having a lot of fun. The acting was so bad that I actually started laughing.  I just want to put this film in the same category as "The Evil Dead" movies, because it's just really awful. I could at least give it 1/10, but that would be a really low score for such a horrible movie. I give it a 1/2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first half of this film there are some good moments and some great moments. There are some bad scenes in the second half of the film. Some people might not even know that this film is a remake of the original series and some people might be surprised by the fact that the characters are not exactly like the original characters. However, the fact is that the remake isn't good, and it's actually a waste of time.  The original series has an excellent and original cast, it's just the director and some of the actors are not very good.  There are also some really bad special effects in the movie. It's almost as if they were made in a hurry. The special effects and the sound are all about 2/10.  This is a horrible film with absolutely nothing to offer. If you like movies with really bad acting and sound, then you will love this film. If not, don't waste your time. Don't waste any time at all. Don the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original movie was really good, but this is a horrible sequel. The movie is so unimpressive and the story is so predictable and pointless. The only good thing about this is the beautiful singing of one of the actresses (the girl who plays the young love interest of the main character) but even that was so predictable that I had to stop watching and rewind the movie several times to make sure I didn't miss anything. If you like the first movie, go watch it again. If not, just save it for when your bored and your brain isn't functioning properly.  The music in the movie is really annoying and I thought the whole thing could have been shortened to make it more appealing to the young people. The acting was also bad, but the movie was only 20 minutes long so that's not really a bad thing. It's just sad to see how these people waste their lives on such movies and it's just plain sad. The problem is that these people don't realize how much money they are making and how much of their own lives they are spending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to wait nearly 8 years to find out why this movie was so bad, so I can only assume that it had to do with a bad script or scriptwriter. It was awful, but not because of the acting. It made me laugh and I laughed the first time I saw the movie, but I had a feeling I had seen it before. I am not a fan of movies that don't really make you laugh.  I can't believe the studio allowed this movie to be made. How could they possibly have made such a bad film? What kind of film is this? The only way I can explain it is because it was made by a film studio, and not by the actual studio that owns the movie.  The whole movie is based on a bad joke, and the joke is so bad that it makes the whole movie worse. The jokes are so bad it is a wonder why the scriptwriter would even consider making a movie about a joke. It is really pathetic that this movie is even in theaters. It would have been so much better if it had never been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of years back, when I read an article in a magazine, about an American movie about the first World War, I had the notion that it was going to be a very entertaining film. And so I got it. But I didn't like it. It wasn't very interesting, it wasn't funny, it didn't seem to make any sense.  But finally I watched it. And I saw it was the same thing. But it was worse.  The plot wasn't anything. It didn't make any plot sense, it just didn't get any better. It seemed to be just another movie with no point. It was like watching someone go to the dentist for the first time, only to get a really bad toothache. It's so bad, you wouldn't want to watch it again.  Oh well. I suppose I'll just watch it on DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just got through this film. It is the worst film I have ever seen. I would give it a 1 if I could. It's so low budget that it barely has any sound. The acting is atrocious. The plot is terrible. It just doesn't make any sense. The movie doesn't even make any real sense. I can't understand what was going on at all. The director had no idea what he was doing. The camera and editing just weren't up to snuff. There were so many mistakes and things that didn't make sense. There was a whole lot of plot holes that I couldn't believe.  I would just recommend not watching this film unless you are very desperate for a quick, low budget horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film of low budget, amateurism, and amateurish acting that doesn't even have the talent to make a "good" movie (the plot was predictable and the acting was weak), this film is not only bad but downright insulting. I can only assume the director was given a low budget for the movie and had no budget to make other movies for the time. The acting is so bad and the plot is so unbelievable it's unbelievable.  I give it a rating of a 1/10, and I think the film would be better as a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating for this one is 1/10, because of all the problems, the acting is awful, and it looks like it was shot on a video camera with a bad camera. The story is unbelievable, the movie doesn't even make sense.  The only positive thing I can say is that the "story" is at least somewhat funny. It's just that it's so boring that it has a tendency to turn the viewer into the "movie's" audience. The only way the movie could be "funny" would be if they had the actors playing the characters do the acting for them.  I don't think anyone who's a real movie buff would have spent an hour of their life watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just went to see this movie, and it was just as bad as the previous movies I've seen on this site. I don't know why they decided to make this one, but I'm guessing it was to make money. I can't believe that they made this one!  The plot was weak, and I couldn't understand why the movie was even called 'A Fistful of Dollars'. This movie was the worst movie I've ever seen. The acting was just OK, the acting wasn't bad, but it was bad. The writing was just bad.  I was expecting a lot more from this movie. I've read other reviews about it, and there are other people out there who really like this movie because it is a fun action flick. If you're going to make a movie with no story, just make a dumb action flick, and leave the story at the door.   A Fistful Of Dollars: A Fist Full Of Dollars is a waste of money and time, and a waste on the producers. I would have been better off with just watching the first two movies on this list. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just plain awful. The acting is so awkward and lame that it is just laughable. The story is so unbelievable that the movie could have been a children's movie. It should have been released in a high definition video format so that it could be enjoyed by anyone who was not a diehard Disney fan. If you are a Disney fan, I would suggest watching the original version of The Emperor's New Groove instead of this abomination. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would give a very low rating if I were to rate this film, but, as it stands, I can't. I have seen this film in its entirety and it is utterly pathetic. I think it is the only film in the history of cinema to have two sequels and then, after two sequels, the film itself is just as awful. I wish that the makers had not made the film, so that I could enjoy this film without the rest of the horrible sequels. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Man in the Blue Suit" is a fairly standard fare for the genre of science fiction movies about a man who can turn into a blue-suit, blue-clad super hero and fight evil with his powers of speed, strength, and telekinesis.  The problem is the director's tendency to make the character seem too powerful for the role. His powers can be used as a kind of superpower, but he can only get in trouble with people who are more powerful than him. And his powers, while pretty cool, are never more than the size of the suit he is wearing. He is so big that he is nearly invisible, which leads to an awful lack of screen time for the rest of the cast members who are playing supporting roles.   The whole thing is filled with a bunch of clichs, such as the one about the "red-blooded American boy" who becomes the "new kind of man" thanks to his powers. There is also a very obvious plot device involving a "super-villain" who turns out to be a blue costume-less version of the hero he killed, which would be fine except that there is no reason why the hero has to be killed. Why would you have to kill him just to defeat him? And why do you need to do it just to kill a villain that isn't really a villain at all?  There are some redeeming moments, but even then the movie is just plain boring. There are few moments worth watching, and there is very little plot. The special effects and special effects-heavy sequences are fine, but they would have been better spent on something else. The cast, by and large, is unmemorable. The acting is a bit uneven, but the story is just too flat to warrant much sympathy.  I give the movie a C+ at best. I rate it so low because I am a fan of "Man in the Iron Mask" and "Man on Fire". If you want a really good movie, I recommend "Man from Mars" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has no plot. It is basically a series of interviews of a series a people who are so afraid that they can't talk to people. It isn't funny. It's boring. It takes over 50 minutes to finish the movie. I can only give it 4 out of 10 because I am not an expert in filmmaking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this movie for the first time in a long time, and I couldn't make sense of what was going on. I kept going back and forth between the beginning and the end, and there were no clues. The ending was especially confusing. The plot seemed to have been made up on the spot. I have no idea how this movie was made, but it was a waste of time. I think the plot was supposed to be that the main character, a former U.S. Marine, had a friend that was a Marine, and they would meet in Vietnam. I didn't get that at all, but this movie had to have a lot of other plot holes, so I guess I'll give it a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film twice, once on cable and once on TV, and then watched it again at the movies, where it looked a lot better, but still not good. The film was boring and the story line seemed to have been taken from one of the bad sitcoms of the 80s, which are quite predictable. The acting was bad, the story was not believable, and the special effects were not very good. I do not recommend watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has all the hallmarks of a classic, but the ending is the worst part.  The first two scenes are pretty cool, but by the time the third is over you've already got your fill of boringness.  If you don't like a bad ending to a bad film, then don't go to the theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. This was the first movie I ever watched that made me not want to see any more of them. The only thing that kept me watching was the music. That is, until it was time for the credits. The music in this movie is awful, and I was surprised it even made it past the trailer.  The only redeeming quality of this movie was the art in the trailer itself. The other stuff just looked like garbage, especially when it came to the costumes. The costumes look like they were made in a warehouse and put in a garbage dumpster. The way they looked is so far from the original movie, that it is unbelievable. I cannot say for sure if it was a mistake or not, because I didn't know the name of the director, and it was all over the internet.  I can say, however, that the film was just awful. It was so bad, I just couldn't stop watching. I would just as soon if it had been a crappy movie about a drunk teen. This is not a movie for kids.  This is an extremely cheap movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked "Trap" or "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre", then you will love this. This movie is just awful. I don't care if you like horror movies, but this one will leave you very annoyed.  The only reason I watched this movie was to see how it was going to end. But the movie never ended.  There was no resolution. Nothing. This is not an action movie. This isn't a horror movie. And that was why I went to the theater in the first place. I was looking for something to see in the theaters. I had nothing to do with this movie. I would not recommend this movie to anyone. It's not a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first line of this review should read "The movie sucks" - if you have some interest in the story at all. There's no story, there's no plot, no direction, no reason for the movie to exist. The movie is an average B-movie with one shot out of place after another - the film is just one long attempt at being something more. There are a few plot elements that might work, but overall the movie is so uninteresting that it could have been better left alone.  The cast is mediocre and the acting is awful, it's one of the worst I've seen in a while.  If you're a horror film lover, don't waste your time on this - just forget it and go to the movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film on the cable channel, and it was awful. It's a shame, because I really enjoyed the previous two films in the series. I thought it was an interesting premise, but it wasn't a very good film. The cast was all very good, but the directing was awful and the plot was weak. The only good thing about it was the performances of the actresses. The story is just plain awful, and the director should have never allowed this film to be shown on TV. I don't understand how they made it this far. If they could have stuck to the premise, they could've made the film much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Tin Man" is the worst film I have ever seen in my life. Not only is it boring and poorly written, it is so ridiculous it makes the "Ghostbusters" films look good. The movie has so much plot, plot twists, and one-liners that you can only make out the words of the actors as they try to say their lines, even if they are very clearly saying something different to what they are saying.  It is also incredibly long, despite its supposed short running time.  The only saving grace of the movie is the fact that it has a few funny bits (like the "Tiny Toy") that will make you laugh. But if you are going to see this film, don't watch it. I would recommend that you avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first of a series of very mediocre (but entertaining) "Star Trek" movies that the fans (and I guess the producers) have put together. The plot, which is a bit thin and predictable, is a prime example of the genre.  However, it is not enough to make a film that is not a total disappointment. If you want to see a fun film, watch the first few episodes of "Starfleet Academy".  The characters are so shallow and not believable. The plots are so predictable that the film seems to be just a few pages away from a script.  The acting is so uninspired and uninteresting that the actors could have had their own show.  There is no "feel" to the film. The whole thing seems to have been put together out of thin air and the result is a complete disappointment.   This film is so badly written, and the actors are so uninterested in the plot, that you could just as easily get lost in the woods without a compass.  A few minutes into the movie you are left wondering why you were even bothered to pay money to see this movie.  "Star Wars" movies are great, and this one falls right in the middle. I can only recommend you give it a bad rating. It is really not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want a quick and cheap laugh then this is the film for you. However, if you want something a little more thoughtful, a bit more serious and some of the ideas here don't make sense you're better off skipping this film altogether.  There are some interesting things about the film, but overall it just feels like a cheap, mindless parody of horror. The plot is completely pointless, and the ending is so obviously stupid that it makes the film completely unwatchable. The acting is abysmal and the cinematography is so poor it makes this film look like it could have been shot on a poor little budget.  The plot itself has a few interesting ideas, but it isn't even worth mentioning them here. The only thing that comes close to being a positive aspect of the film is the presence of an unknown actor, who may have a good career in the future. However this is still the worst horror film I've ever seen, and that's saying something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, like the rest of the garbage I've watched, is a big pile of poorly put together trash, like "I Am The One", "The Sixth Sense", "Ghost of Christmas Past", and "The Adventures of Rocky & Bullwinkle". The director, Stephen A. Smith, had the gall to use a bunch of actors, who were really good in their own roles, but not to put them in this movie. He also didn't know how to direct a movie.  The story is about a bunch o' thugs that get together to rob the place where their old pal, the local police chief, was held captive. The problem is that none of them has any clue what to do with this place. The first few scenes are like something from "Raiders of the Lost City", except the "lost city" is actually the woods outside of town, not the woods inside town. There's no clues about the past of the old man, or what's going on in town.  In the beginning, the gang is supposed to rob a warehouse, but when they get there, it turns out that the warehouse was used as a drug store.  Smith also uses the same stock footage for the first few shots of the gang. The idea was that they'd get a better look at the warehouse, and they'd see all sorts of things. But there wasn't anything interesting about the warehouse. I wish they'd just done it as a stock footage sequence.  When the gang enters the warehouse the plot turns into a typical, boring chase scene. They get in a fight, and then they get caught in a firefight.  It's an awful mess, like one of those movies you've seen before where the characters talk about what they're doing, and how they're going to accomplish it, and where they're getting it. It's like "Barely Lethal", but a bit more violent and stupid.  But at least there's a funny cameo from Michael Keaton, as the gang's manager, and a very bad cameo from Paul Giamatti, who plays the local cop. But even with all of these flaws, the movie still has some decent action scenes. The most memorable scene was when the gang uses a car to steal a car, and there's some terrific car chases.  And, of course, there's the main villain, who is a complete and total jerk. It was a total waste of time.   A
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only film that I've seen where a majority of the cast are actually actors. Not a single one. All they do is recite lines and get paid. The script is extremely poor, and if the script had a decent director and script, it would've been at least a 3 out of 10. If there was a decent script in this film, the entire cast would've gotten better reviews. But even if they did, it wouldn't have been enough.  There was never any doubt that the plot was contrived and ridiculous. That's what I can say about most Hollywood films. The idea that this was a "fun" flick doesn't even deserve a 10.  This film is so poorly made and so poorly directed, that I am truly disgusted. The only reason this film is getting an "A" is because of the "cool" cast members. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting this to be a good film, but it's a really bad movie. The first two quarters of the movie are actually a really good idea, but when they're combined they don't make a good movie. I don't even know what was happening in the movie when it was supposed to be happening.  I didn't understand why people in this movie were doing all of this stupid stuff that I thought they wouldn't have done. Why were they taking the kids to the hospital? Why did they keep making the kids wear masks and putting them on their heads? How was the kid's dad still around? I don was hoping for something different. I was hoping to get some fun out of this, I didn' t want to hate the movie. But it was just not fun at all.  It wasn't funny, and it didn't have a sense of humor. It was a lot of stupid things happening, and I just didn't care. I wish I could go back in time and change the past.  The ending was so unbelievable. I didn`t care at all that the guy was dead or what he had done to get that wound on his head. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. It was the worst movie I have ever seen. I thought the director was drunk. The acting was awful and the storyline was so convoluted and stupid that I felt like I was watching a movie about a horse that was in a coma. The movie was about a girl who died and her family wanted to be buried together with her. The family decided that she was gone and they wanted her ashes to be scattered. They were successful, but the family still wanted the girl to come back. So, the girl's mother went to the cemetery and had her son bring her daughter's ashes. The daughter is dead. The mother tells the daughter's brother that they had to take the ashes with them and bury them together. The brother, who is the daughter, finds out what is going on and decides that he wants to get the ashes back. The brothers fight, and one of the brothers dies. The film ends and there is a really long flashback where the girl is dying in the hospital. The husband of the girl and the brother of the brother who is killed get to know each other and they decide that they want to keep the ashes.  The movie has no resolution, and the ending is just plain stupid. The whole movie was boring and the story was terrible. The characters were unbelievable and they had no motivation to act in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is really a complete disaster, and has the lowest possible rating of a "bad movie" in the history of "bad movies". It's just not even worth bothering to watch, but I thought it might be entertaining if you were really looking for something to do that was not like a lot of other "bad" movies. It's a very slow, pointless, boring, boring and completely pointless film. The movie was made for a very low budget, and the director is obviously not a good actor (although he did get the role, he did it in a way that was very poor, but you wouldn't see it in the other films he's made in the past). It's an utter failure and a complete waste of your time. I would advise anyone who wants to watch a bad film to avoid it at all costs. It really is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping for an action film but was disappointed. I'm a big fan of the "The Terminator" movies but was not impressed. I did like the "Terminator" movies that I've seen, so I had high hopes for "Terminal Velocity". I was very disappointed. It's just not as good as the other films. It was very slow paced and there was no real plot. There was a lot of action scenes that were just not believable. There were no believable characters. The cast was OK but the film lacked a plot. The "Terminatrix" had the best cast of the film. The story was very weak. I can't believe the movie was made without a script.  I think this is the worst movie I've ever seen. It looks like an experiment. I really hoped for an awesome action film, and I was disappointed that this was not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful film, from the editing to the storyline, it's just awful. I don't even remember the last time I actually felt this way, but this film makes me feel very queasy. The script is a complete mess, it would have been better if it had a decent story line to follow. And the actors all sound awful, it makes me want to vomit. And yet I'm still watching this film. I feel like it should have been titled "A film with no plot".  And that's an understatement.  It's like the worst film I've ever seen. I can't even tell you what it's supposed to be about because it just gets boring and worse every time.  I can guarantee that the producers did this because they thought this film was a flop, they had to try something new and cheap.  If you're going to waste your money on this film then don't, don't waste it on this movie. Don't waste your time. Don,t waste it. Don.t. Waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not even a half hour long. I mean it's a little longer than a movie about a kid with a super power and a lot less than half an hour. I was watching the movie in slow motion with headphones on and I was not able to hear the sound of the movie at all. I just felt like the sound was playing at a constant pace and I kept having to switch to something else. I would like to say that this movie is one of the worst I've ever seen. I don't know what they could have done to make the movie better. Maybe they could just change the speed of the sound, that would help a little.  It really is a waste of time and a waste on the film's director. I can't say much more, because it is really a waste and I just don't have anything to say about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a really good laugh at the beginning of the movie, but once the jokes were about to get a little stale I was forced to stay with it. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. There is absolutely no point in watching it if you have not already done so. The actors were too stiff, the scenery was too flat, the dialogue was too thick and the plot didn't make any sense. If I were to recommend this movie to anyone, I would suggest you get some help from a good movie: "Titanic" (1943). This movie was terrible, but it is better than "The Life and Death of Martha Stewart" (1945). If you have already seen this movie, just turn it off and watch something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting something better. I think I got the feeling that there was no way the makers of this film were going to allow the audience to be entertained with the movie.  A total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film about a girl who lived in the woods and was raised by wolves. There was nothing in it that was interesting to me. It's about a woman who is raped by a wolf and it made me wonder if there are other things out there that she didn't know about that she could have told anyone.  There were so many mistakes. For example, the wolf that was supposed to be her friend was actually her enemy and she didn?t even know it. The wolves would have to have been much bigger than wolves that she knew of and that it wasn't their fault.  Also, it seemed like the wolf was meant to be the villain but wasn't, so there was no villain in the movie.  It's just a sad little film. The only redeeming thing was that it had the cute little puppy dog who played the wolf and I hope he was in his element and that she never had to see the wolves again.  I would say that the wolf is a cute puppy dog, but I don't know if that's true. I'd like to see it and then write a negative negative review, but it seems that the director just didn't want to do the movie and was afraid of being criticized. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot revolves around an average girl (Lara) and her brother (James). James decides to move into their sister's house, even though she is living alone and she has no place to live.  Lara gets the hots for James, so she decides to help him move into the house. However, she is afraid of him and decides to keep him at a distance. However the house is really not what Lara thinks it is. It is a trap set by James, and he ends up living in the house and Lara ends up staying there.  This film is really boring and not very interesting at all. The script is very clichd and there are really no good lines to add. I mean, there are a lot of clichs that are so boring that you could watch this and just give up.  If you want to watch a bad horror film then go ahead, but don't expect much. This movie does not hold up. The story is pretty predictable and it just seems like a cheap way to make money off of the horror genre.  It is not worth watching just because it is a cheap horror movie. It's just a waste of time and a waste to waste your time on. It should be rated 1/10, if you have to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I've heard people talk about the movie and say that it was the best thing since sliced bread, but I have to say that I was one of those who said it was. But that is just a very, very small part of what made this movie so utterly disappointing. The worst part was when the actors were having fun with the movie, not at all. It was completely unnecessary. It is not funny, there are no jokes, there is not much to enjoy about it. All in all, it is a very mediocre movie, and it was not worth my time to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only positive thing I can say about this movie is that the actors who made it have been quite good in other films, but this one was not even close to that. The story is just bad and not even remotely interesting. The acting is terrible and the story is not even coherent.  This is a very predictable story line and does not make much sense at all. There is no suspense or drama. There are no moments when the characters have to do anything or make a decision that is important. They just act like nothing is going on in their lives and the film is just very dull. I'm not even sure if the characters even have names or any kind of personality. The movie just feels like a rushed, rushed movie. It's just not worth watching and I don't recommend this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a group of high school kids who decide to take a trip into the woods to kill a bear. The film is full of terrible acting, silly plot twists, and one of the worst dialogues I've ever heard in my life. It's so bad I couldn't even understand the jokes. I was especially shocked that the kids did not know how to make a fire or kill a deer in the woods, they were not hunting or even fishing. They were basically walking into the forest and camping. I know it's not a movie but this movie made me sick to my stomach. I wish they had made the movie in the original DVD, it would have been much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first three minutes of the film is the film's only noteworthy contribution, as it showcases the cast's ineptitude. In the middle of the three minutes we are treated to a bizarre sequence involving a bunch of men in their early twenties and a giant giant machine that looks like it belongs to a giant factory. Then the film abruptly cuts to black. It would have been interesting if this bizarre sequence were actually a real-life factory where a giant machine was built with the giant machine's gears and gears that made the giant factory possible, but instead it's merely a bunch that looks a lot like human beings and the giant robot. And in the end the giant giant factory (which is actually made of giant human beings) is destroyed, and the cast members are all thrown into the ocean and their corpses float away. And, to the best of my knowledge, the only thing that survives from this film is a bunch toothy, stupid, and boring man in a suit who speaks with a deep, gravelly voice and who never stops coughing and sneezing (I guess that's how you say 'fart' in Japanese) and who always has a cigarette and never stops smoking.  I could not recommend this movie for anyone but a person who is looking for a way to make their life suck more than it already does. And the last line of this film sums up what the movie is about best, "I'm not kidding, I'm telling the truth." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad I would give it 2 out of 10. It was so predictable, so contrived and so poorly directed. I mean come on guys, you have to know when to take a break and when to let it go. The movie just seemed to go on forever and the characters kept getting more and more stupid.  But then the movie kept giving us clues and clues, and after awhile we finally found the answer. The mystery was not solved, it was just a way to keep the audience hooked on the show and keep them from losing interest. The ending was not much better than the beginning, the story was predictable and the ending was just not good. The only saving grace was that the movie was only 80 minutes, but I really doubt if anyone would have stayed with it that long if the ending wasn't so predictable and predictable.  There is no way the producers could have possibly made a decent movie out of this one, there was just so much wasted time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a sad film, and I am a bit ashamed to admit that I watched it. I saw the trailer and thought it looked like a film about a man who goes back in time to help an old woman who is dying. I thought it sounded like it was going to be a really funny film, but it ended up being an extremely dull film with some really terrible acting. The acting is quite poor, there are no jokes to be had and nothing at all happens. It also has a terrible soundtrack that I have to admit was not the best.  I think it's safe to say that this film does not deserve to be shown on the big screen. The movie has no direction, no direction at all, and the only thing it did achieve was to make a lot of people sick.  In the end, I would just like to say I think we need to stop making movies that are this lame. It's not funny, it's not entertaining, it doesn't even entertain people.  If anyone has any ideas how I can get this film to be made into a DVD I would like to hear them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was made in 1970, and this is its first review. I saw the trailer for it in a local video store, and I thought it was a fun little film, but it was pretty lame by today's standards. The movie was poorly edited, with scenes that didn't make sense, and it's definitely not a thriller, but just a very boring and uninspired film. The acting was pretty bad, and the only thing that kept me interested was the plot.  The characters were totally uninteresting, the story didn't add any interest to the story, and most of the characters were very stupid. There were many times I thought I was watching a soap opera. The only redeeming quality was the opening credits, but they are really boring.  If you are a fan of a very lame film that you can watch without giving it a second thought, then go ahead and rent this piece of garbage. It isn't very good, but if you are looking for a good film, don't bother. It's definitely a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a total waste of time and money. The script was okay. I have to give it credit where credit is due. I mean, they even used the "Shakespeare" quote, which was really strange considering that they had no idea what Shakespeare was. I know it sounds stupid, but they had to be serious about this movie, because it was supposed to be a "BEST" movie for kids.  Oh well, if you're looking for a great movie for your little girl, watch the "Bubble Bobble" movie instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was very bad. Nothing interesting happens in it. The actors don't do anything and even the actors who are supposed to be a part of the story are completely useless. All the best scenes are when the characters are on their own. The plot is boring and all the acting is very bad, especially for the two main roles.  One of them (the villain) is so unlikable that I'm sure he would be better off as a soap actor in a small town. I don't know what kind of person these actors were. It just seemed like they couldn't take care of themselves and needed someone to take care off them. I guess they didn't realize that their acting was so bad that people would think they were so much better than the rest of the cast. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has nothing to do with the movie of the book. I found it to be a very bland, shallow, shallow and predictable film. The acting was not good at all and the story was flat, pointless and completely unbelievable. It seemed like it was made to make a cheap joke about the book but it didn't make a joke. It just seemed like an attempt at a cheap, shallow cash grab. The movie's premise and ending seemed to be ripped straight from the movie series "Hocus Pocus", but the movie was so bad it didn' even bother trying to copy the movie's plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not a bad film, just poorly directed. It looks like it was filmed in the dark room where the stars have no lights on. The music is OK, but the actors were horrible. The only reason I gave it 3/10 is because I really liked the "Oscar nominated" cast members (Kurt Russell, Faye Dunaway, David O'Reilly and Jack Nicholson) and they deserve better. I would have given it a 1.5, but I don't care about the Oscar.  The film contains no originality, no acting talent and it is just plain boring.  It was a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a movie about a woman who runs away from her family and is living in an orphanage, but she doesn't tell anyone about it because she's afraid she'll get blamed.  The movie is full of clichs. People don't like to talk about the things that happen to them, even when they're about to die. The story is not believable. There are a lot of inconsistencies and just very plain plot holes. It's just plain dull, but if you're willing to overlook that and just go along with the story, it's a pretty entertaining movie.  A few of the cast members are interesting, but I can't say much about them because they're not recognizable by name.  It gets a D for a movie that tries to be so different that it's not even remotely believable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this and thought that I was going to enjoy it, but it just turned into an embarrassment of a movie. I've seen some very good movies on TV but I just couldn't take this one seriously. It's not funny, the acting is very flat, the cinematography is pretty dull.  I just want to say that this movie just isn't funny. It didn't make me laugh or feel anything. The only thing that made me laugh was when a little kid said that the aliens were aliens because they have eyes. That's what I've always wanted to hear.  Don't watch it unless you're laughing at how awful it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad, awful movie. There's no real plot. All the action scenes are incredibly boring. The characters are terrible. The acting is laughable. The dialog is incredibly cheesy. The music is terrible. There is nothing interesting about the film. It's simply just a pile of b-drama. The entire thing feels like a rushed, rushed, poorly thought out script. It feels like there was no effort put into the film and that this wasn't supposed to be a comedy.  It's like this was made to make the film look as bad as possible, and not to actually make a good movie. The script is absolutely terrible. I give the movie 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been watching this since it came out. It's a bad sequel to the first movie. I've watched every episode from both movies and this is the worst one. There's no suspense, no emotion, no fight scenes, nothing to do, and the last episode was a bit much for me. The acting was bad and I think they should have cast a younger actor. The story is pretty much a rip-off from the first one. I would have never guessed that this would be a bad remake. I can't believe they have not found a better director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would give it a 7 out of 10 if I had a bit of artistic talent but unfortunately I don't. I was completely disinterested in the story and the characters and I found myself reading the subtitles. I also felt that the movie didn't have much of a plot to speak of, which is something you expect from a low budget movie but the characters were extremely shallow and bland. I felt like the characters didn't care about their own lives, it was all about the movie they wanted to make.  I did like the fact that the actors tried to make it more cinematic, but it didn't work. The actors should have been better. I found the acting to be poor and the plot to be boring.  The movie was so shallow and it was so incredibly boring that I was thinking that the script had to be ripped off from an old movie or something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is quite dull. There's no real plot or story to speak of. It's not even a mystery. Just lots of boring dialogue and weird characters. The only thing that keeps it from being a total flop is the camera work, which is terrible. The camera moves too slowly and the lighting is horrible. The movie should have been shot on a video camera with a better camera. There are a lot of actors who don't really speak but who are just looking at the camera. And the director doesn't care about his acting or the script. He does all these things for no reason. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a country where there are films like this, I was not expecting to enjoy this at all. What I saw was an insult to all of us that actually enjoys the genre. The acting was subpar and the storyline was incoherent. I don't know if the film was directed by a professional, or if it was just poorly written. Whatever the case, this film should be avoided. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a girl who goes on a journey to find her father and her brother. The movie seems to be made to make the girl seem "real" or to make her seem a little more human and relatable.  But I found the movie very disappointing because of the movie's lack of logic, its reliance on cliches, its bad acting and its terrible direction. I found that the movie is more like a movie of "how to" rather than a movie about "what happens". I don't think this movie could have been made without the presence of the director's wife, who has a very limited role. I can't say that I'm surprised that the director was in such a rush to get the movie out because I'm sure that she could have done it much better. I think the director should have stayed on her own and just made a decent movie instead of trying to make a "girl's movie". The movie does not deserve a 10 rating. I give it a 2 rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so terrible that I don't know how anyone could have found it on DVD and made it into a feature. It has so much to be said about it, and I am just going to say it. This movie should have been called "Bad DVD Movies: A Bad Movie From A Bad Guy Who Lost The Last 10 Percent Of His Brain". The worst thing about this movie is the fact that it is a sequel to the infamous "A Bug's Life". I would have laughed at the idea if I was the kind of person who enjoyed movies like that. This film is so shallow and has no redeeming features. The only redeeming feature is the music. There is a catchy tune here and there, but it is way too often and way too infrequent to actually enjoy the movie. I have seen better. If you like to see people getting killed in the woods, watch "The Last Man On Earth". This is not that film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I both hated this movie. The story was bad, the acting was terrible, the cinematography was awful and the ending was extremely disappointing.  We both felt like we were watching something we could have avoided by having an actual movie instead of watching this movie at a movie theater. I think this is the movie that got the title, "What's the worst movie you've ever seen?" It was a bad film, not just a bad first impression. The plot was predictable, the movie was so slow and slow, that even when the movie slowed down the pace of the movie wasn't that slow. The script was so terrible that I actually got to the point where I couldn't understand what was happening because I didn't understand the movie. All in all, this movie was a waste of time. The acting was so bad that you could have had a good movie, but the movie sucked, and the plot was so convoluted that you couldn't follow what was going on, and what was actually happening wasn't happening.  This movie is not worth watching. Don't waste your time watching this thing. Don' get the movie, watch the DVD instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a good film with lots of action, so I had high hopes for it. I got a surprise, however, with the very poor script, bad acting and the fact that the story was about a man (and boy) who kills the world's most dangerous villain(s). It was an abject failure, a total waste of the talent and effort of the cast.  The only saving grace is that the characters (including the villains) have their moments in the film, but that is all.  I'm not even going to try to defend the script here.  Don't waste your time on this movie. Just skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the biggest waste of time I have seen in years. The film is slow, boring, and has little to do with the story at all. It has little dialog and the story never seems to get going. In fact, it is the most boring film I have ever seen. It is simply a waste of everyone's time and I think it is a waste in the way that it isn't a great film but it is worth wasting your time for.  The only redeeming point was that the actors did a good job.  I would have to say that the best part of this film is the song. It's a slow song that sounded like a really bad pop song and it was the only thing that kept me entertained during the whole movie.  This film was so bad that I actually gave it a 1 out of 10. If you see this, don't bother. Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only positive thing about this movie is that it made me laugh and was funny. I mean, it's not even funny enough to make it funny. It was a really bad movie.  I'm not sure how the studio made this movie because it wasn't funny at all. The acting was so bad that the movie was about as funny as a middle-of-the-night, late-night drunk. There was a part where the female lead was having a really funny moment and she didn't know what to do. She's the only one in the movie that seemed to be able to act in a normal situation. And that was it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely terrible. It's a slow, uneventful, boring and slow film.  The story, if you can call it that, is a little less than believable and not as much fun as the original. The acting is very weak and the script is a bit thin. The music is terrible and the acting is awful. I can't believe that this was ever made. This movie made me hate the movie industry.  But hey, at least the kids at the school can see it.  I give this movie 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to watch this film for an assignment and I was shocked that the only positive review I could find was a negative one. What the film does have is some good moments. There is a lot of gore and the story is a bit unbelievable. The acting is not very good and there are a few moments where the camera zooms in on the characters and it looks so awful you just want to get out of the way. But what really bothers me about the film is the lack of production value. The film looks terrible and it takes a lot to make something look this bad. I mean it is literally like an hour and a half worth of garbage and it does not even have a special effects package.  In the end, the film looks like a lot like the last "Bobby Fischer" movie I saw. The story is terrible and the actors have no charisma or chemistry with the characters. I was expecting to see a really good film but instead I was disappointed. This film has no entertainment value and it just looks like something that was made in a college dorm and it cost the crew a lot more money than a regular movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Dark Knight Rises" is another disappointing effort from director Christopher Nolan, whose previous efforts have failed to win any sort of traction with audiences.  This is an overlong and incoherent mess of a film that could have been much better had it been written a little differently. In a film where a number of important events have to happen in sequence, this is a real disappointment. The best part of the movie is Batman, who is so wooden and boring that it's not even funny.  One of the things I like most about Nolan is that he never takes his audiences for granted. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I would like to point out that I'm a real, hardcore moviegoer, and I can't say that I have ever been disappointed in a bad film. However, I was disappointed that I didn't care about the characters (or what was going on) and that the plot didn't make any sense. The whole movie was a complete waste of time.  The acting was awful and I found it hard to follow the story because the plot was so contrived. The only reason I can give the film a negative rating is that I really dislike movies that don't have a happy ending. I don't know how they could have come up with the plot of this film if they weren't planning to have an ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like this film as a whole. It has a lot of obvious flaws. The dialogue is extremely bad and the action sequences were all rushed. I was left wondering why they bothered with the stunt doubles in the action scenes. And the movie ended with a really annoying cliffhanger.  If I were going to rate this movie, it would be a 1/10. It's not a very entertaining movie, and I would rate it lower. It probably would have been a 10 if it had a decent cast and decent action sequences. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw the trailer, I thought it was going to be a comedy - and I was wrong. I think the only reason I can see this movie was because it was written and directed by a woman. I am pretty sure this is the same case for most of the women in Hollywood.  The plot is just as stupid as the title suggests, and the acting is a joke. I just can't believe the writers of this movie had no clue how to write a script. I don't think I can do much better than to list the reasons why this movie is terrible. 1) The acting was horrible!  They had to do a lot of editing - even though they didn't need to! The movie looked so amateur, the camera movements were so awkward, the faces looked so fake, and there was just too much talking! I was shocked when I saw that they used a VCR instead of a video recorder! They should have just used a video camera and done it on their own. 2) The ending... I don''t know how to explain it. They used the word "Theory" just about 10 times in the movie! The only reason they didn''t use it more is because they didn' t know how. 3) The movie just isn''t funny at all - it wasn''t even funny! They used lots of profanity, and a few swear words.  It was just like a low budget version of the Twilight Zone - except that there was no plot.  In addition, I am also a bit surprised that the writer of the movie was a woman! I don' t think that it is too hard to be an actress if you are female. Just look at most of these movies that have female leads. You''re just a big fat ugly girl who gets used for the female role.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film with some interest, as the only film in the world to be released on the Internet without any footage of it in the final edit. But as I watched it I was reminded of the worst films ever made. I was expecting a little more action, and even if there was some the film fell flat. The story was predictable, the story was not really that good, the ending is really lame, and the story had nothing to do with what the film was trying to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off with a very predictable scene involving a dog and the protagonist, who can't be named because he is not in the movie. The dog's owner (played by John Lithgow) comes to a hotel and tries to take the dog home with him. This is followed by the protagonist (played again by David Morse) getting trapped in a room by his dog. The movie never really got interesting or even entertaining. The acting is a bit wooden, but still okay. The script was pretty poor and I think they really wanted to make the movie into a thriller, but just didn't do it well.  The music was terrible, the movie was a little slow, but it wasn't as bad as some of the horror films I've seen. The story was pretty pointless and I don't think they cared much about the ending. Overall, I can only give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really a very poor excuse to waste your time and money. There are no plot twists or interesting characters or anything like that. The movie was really a one-sided joke that didn't get any reaction at all from the viewer. The acting is pretty poor and there are too many jokes for it to be funny. The worst part was the fact that it was about a girl with a bad mouth who got to be a pornstar and the main character gets to be some sort of "bad girl".  I'm sorry if I did anything to offend anyone, but this is just a horrible, awful movie and I hope that the person who made this has a big heart. I can only say that it makes me sick to see a movie that I didn't even like. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very strange and possibly racist movie, which is more a tribute to the Japanese horror movies, but not much else. The only thing in the movie that's even a bit good is the ending, which features a very weird little creature that can be described as a human fetus, and a lot of blood, which in some scenes looks more like it's pouring from some kind of liquid than blood. The film is definitely not an effort in making a scary movie. The acting is poor, and the directing is just...bad... The cinematography looks as if they were making a copy of some kind, and not actually shooting anything in the film. And there's no end credits.  And the only reason I recommend this movie is because it contains the phrase "you are going to die". The thing is, I'm going to live long enough to see you all die. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie was awful and the cast was not good, especially the role of "The Killer" was absolutely horrible.  The only redeeming point was the beautiful set design by Steven Boos who had made the previous films in the "The Killing Fields" series. The rest of the movie is a pile of rubbish. The only good point of the film was the fact that the characters looked like the characters in the previous series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got this movie in a box set from the video store and when I was watching it I felt as if I was in some sort of Twilight Zone episode. The acting was weak, the dialog was awkward, and the plot was poorly thought out. The music was atrocious. The movie was very much like a TV series of the same name, only the series was much better. This movie is the only one of the series that I could actually recommend, but I cannot imagine anyone seeing this movie.  The DVD has been rated a 3.5/10 on DVD. If you see this movie you are not going to enjoy it. I don't know what this movie was trying to do, it seemed to be attempting to make a movie that would be the most "slash-and-stab" of all of the "slashers" of the era. The plot is weak, it is very predictable and has little to do with anything. I would have given this movie an 8 if it were released at a respectable low-budget. If it were made with some effort it would have been a 1/10. This is a very disappointing and unnecessary waste of time. I give it 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a terrible movie! It is a waste of time! I did not understand the story line. I had no interest in the movie at all. The only thing I liked was the sound effects. If you like sound effects, you will hate this movie!  It was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I am not even sure I will ever watch it again! I hope I am wrong and the makers of this movie did not read the synopsis!  I think it would be better to spend a lot of money on a good movie: an honest story about a good story, but instead of using great actors to tell the story, they used cheap actors and bad dialogs! If you want to see a movie about an honest movie, go see the original movie: "Frogman's Bog" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that doesn't need to be seen. The fact that this movie was produced and directed for a major cable network is unbelievable.  If you're in a situation where you want to watch this movie, do it at home. Otherwise, don't waste your time.  The acting was laughable. The script was atrocious. The special effects were horrible.  I have to say that I saw a worse version of "I'm a Little German Girl" when I watched "The Little German Girls". That film is one of the worst movies ever made. This movie was bad, and this movie got the job of "The New Little German Kid" to promote German cinema. I'm sorry to say, but this film is the first "new little German" movie I've ever seen.  It will probably never be the same again. The only thing I can say is that I will never watch a movie like this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no point to a film made from this book, which is a huge waste of time and money. I am not sure what was the director's idea of the plot. It seemed to have been made from one book and one book only.  The characters were not believable. The whole thing was so boring and depressing I almost vomited. I just felt sorry for the actors and the people who made this film. I could have saved a lot of money by not buying the book.  It made no sense at all. It is not possible to make a movie with this kind of story line.  I cannot see how the author of the book got this movie made. The director could have just made the book into a short film and then made the movie from the book and that would have been a lot more successful.  My rating is 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are few movies that can be classified as bad. This one is one of them. But there are many more that are worse. I found this movie to be so bad that I couldn't finish it. If it was good, I would have enjoyed it more. But it wasn't good. I can't say anything positive about this movie, but I will say that I've never been a big fan of horror movies and I don't care for horror films much at all. I'm not a fan of any horror films. But I can tell you that this movie made me so disgusted with horror that I wanted to kill myself as soon as I saw it. I know that I can see a movie that is much better than this one and I just didn't care to watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the interest of promoting the idea that there are "good" movies out there, I thought I'd make my own list of good movies. I wasn't sure I could pull it off without the aid of spoilers, so I figured I'd better be honest about what I was really thinking. After all, if people think there are bad movies, it probably won't make them want to see them. So I had to watch "Sleeper Cell" again, only this time, without the knowledge of what the other movies are like. I was thoroughly embarrassed by the sheer ineptitude of the writing and directing, the bland acting and the lack of any real feeling to the plot.  In spite of my best efforts, I didn't even get to the end of the movie, because I got distracted by other things and missed a really great ending. The idea that people who see "Sneeper Cell," "Slumber Party Massacre," "Lunch Meat" and "Blood Simple" as well as those who don't like movies of this type are wrong.  The problem isn't that these movies are bad, it's that they're so bad that they become good for us. They get good reviews because they have the same sort of "cool" feel that other movies lack.  I'm not sure if this is a bad thing or not, but I'll tell you why. If the "cool factor" is supposed to be the main draw of these movies, then it's a waste of effort to waste your time with them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe I'm giving this rating to a movie made with the sole intention of making a joke out of it. I thought the story was stupid. I mean, seriously, it seemed like they just wanted to see a joke and didn't bother to make it as funny as they could. And even if it wasn't as funny, the fact that it was made with a complete disregard for anything resembling a plot or even logic is incredibly disturbing. I don't know what they were thinking, and I don' t understand why anyone would want to make a movie like this.  The story was terrible, the acting was awful, and the special effects were just so, so poor. I would have been better off just not bothering at all.  I'm sorry, I really am sorry. It's just the best movie I've ever seen. If you're looking for a fun movie, look somewhere else.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's one thing to watch a movie and enjoy it, but it's another thing entirely to watch it and find it hilarious.  What is this, The King of All Media? And what is this "B" in the title? And why did they even bother making it this way? This movie should have been titled "The Movie that makes no sense".  As a result, there is a lot of confusion regarding what the movie is about, and what is supposed to be a horror flick. And this is exactly the reason why this movie is so terrible.  So, here is a list of the things that were in this movie: a very poor choice of music (that is supposed for a thriller, not a horror movie), a few very minor (and some not-so-minor) scenes and a whole lot of "unpleasant" sound effects. The "B", the "B". This is the only thing that kept the movie from being completely unwatchable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie was pretty good, but I was not impressed. The only reason I liked it was that it looked and sounded pretty good.  The movie was boring. The acting was pretty bad, especially for the guy who played the detective.  I guess that's what you'd expect from a movie made by a group of guys who have done this sort of thing before. If you really want to see a detective show, watch the "Penny Dreadful". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In spite of the fact that the movie is named after the author's novel and that it contains his name in the credits, this movie is just plain bad. The story is nothing more than a bunch of people in a house, trying to make money. The movie is littered with errors and inconsistencies. For instance, when the main character, Mr. Johnson, is having a nightmare and the girl is sleeping on the couch, the girl's voice is supposed to be the girl in the dream. In reality, it is the man's voice in the nightmare. The girl is only supposed to have a voice in dreams, but the movie keeps changing the girl from girl to man and back again so that it looks like the girl still has a voice.  The movie also has the main girl getting married, but at the beginning of the movie, the movie shows the bride getting married. The same thing happens in the beginning when the girl wants to kill herself, but in the movie it shows the girl getting killed by the man. The guy in the story is supposed be the killer, but he is not the killer.  It seems that the film was never finished and was abandoned after the movie was completed.   As a matter of fact, the script was bad. There were so many mistakes that the screenplay would have been better off being rewritten. For example, the guy in front of the girl doesn't seem to be a doctor. The doctor is supposed take a blood sample from the girl, but when he takes it, he doesn't know how to use it so it doesn't work.  In another mistake, when they find the girl dead, they assume she died from a heart attack, but she wasn't killed by a heart. She died because the guy said that she had a heart, but there was no heart. The film is supposed show her in a coma, but no coma. It shows her in her dead form, but not dead. In another error, when she is in her bed, the camera is supposed look at her chest, but it doesn' t. She isn't supposed to look like a dead body.  There are also some other things that just plain don't make sense. The main character (Mr. Johnson) is supposed go into the attic, and there he finds some strange items, but we never see him go into it. When he finds the girl hanging from the ceiling, the film is showing her hanging from it, and when he leaves
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just found out that this movie was a low budget film made for a "troubled teen" movie. Well, not only is it a lowbudget film, but it is a film made to look like it was made by an amateur.  The plot revolves around a "teenager" and her relationship with her "boyfriend" who she meets in a bar (the plot) and at school. As the story unfolds, the movie develops into a series of "tricks", including some sexual jokes and some crude and sexist comments on the girls' behavior. All of this is done with a weak acting by the actors and a poor soundtrack, which is probably better suited for a video-based comedy than an adult film. This film has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. It is just a waste of your time and effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with a friend from school and she was so upset when she saw the first 20 minutes. I don't know if she would have been as upset if it had been a different movie, but I think it was because of the plot, the actors, and the direction. It didn't make any sense, and I felt like I was being shown something I was supposed to think about but didn't really.  The characters were all the same, and not even the actors could make them different. I couldn't care less about the story and the characters, and neither did anyone else. I think I would have enjoyed the movie more if I was able to know what the story was, and had a good time watching it. I did not enjoy this movie, it's just plain stupid. It was a waste of time, and just plain boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, for a moment, seems to have managed to scare the crap out of me. It's about as funny as a movie with no story line, and certainly no plot, so I could take it for what it was: a cheap comedy in which a bunch of kids have to save their own lives from being killed by a madman. It is also a bit of a letdown in the sense that the plot is very predictable and the acting (though OK) is pretty weak. The only saving grace is that there are enough laughs to offset the lack of story. Unfortunately, this film was made at the same time as "The Omen", another film that made me feel like I had to take it seriously. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing the trailer for this, I couldn't help but feel that this film would have been better off not being made. It's just so bad. It doesn't even have the excuse of being a TV movie, as most of these movies do, but instead of having a decent script, it has a terrible one. There is no reason to believe the actors who play these characters. I mean, the entire cast of the show should have been fired before they made this mess.  So what is the point of the film? The answer is, nothing. The movie just exists. The idea that this movie exists and can be enjoyed by anyone is absurd.  There is only one redeeming factor for this film. It has a special guest starring appearance by the infamous "Barely Lethal" star, Steve Buscemi. It is a waste of time if you don't watch it and then read the rest of the review for what it's worth. If you do, you will likely never watch anything remotely like this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very, very, VERY, VERY long. I would have liked to see the actual plot of the movie but it was not there. All I can say is that I would like to see some better acting and story telling in a horror movie. It is very sad to see that a movie like this was made. There are not a lot of scary movies that you can actually enjoy by yourself, I would say that I am a very special case and that I enjoyed this movie just fine. But when it comes to the horror movie genre, I really don't understand why people have made movies like this. The horror genre is not one of my favorite genres because of all the slasher movies and the supernatural movies. The movies that I like are movies where people are attacked by monsters and are fighting against them.  I personally think that if people want to watch horror movies that is the only genre that should be made and that is a genre that people really don`t need to make anymore. But still, people make horror movies and that doesn't make them movies anymore. I hope that one day people will learn to take horror movies less seriously than this movie made, because I personally don't want to sit around watching this movie any longer than it already is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not like I'm complaining about a crappy movie: I thought the idea was pretty cool, but I don't think that was the point. It's just that the idea wasn't fully realized. I can only imagine that a person who wrote this script was trying to make a comment on the movie industry, which has been pretty good to the people involved in the making of this movie. In my opinion it's about as much fun as watching a bunch of drunkards act like a bunch drunkards.  The actors weren't even particularly good; the story was a complete joke.  This movie was one of the worst-ever efforts at writing and directing a movie. The acting was horrible, the script was an utter waste of time, and I'm pretty sure that it would have been better if the script had been written by a drunkard, since that would have given it a more professional feel.  There's no hope for a movie that contains so much wasted energy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has the same problem as a lot of others, they are all over the place. The story is predictable, there is a lot going on, but it's too repetitive to get you invested in the characters. There's no real emotional connection to the characters except for the main character. I really wanted to like this movie, but was bored with it in the end. I'm not sure why they chose to have a main character with a black-eye on his face and a white-face on the other. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so shallow and has no sense of story line or character development. The movie opens with a quick montage of the main characters walking down a street and then there is a brief sequence of two shots of a guy and girl kissing each other in a park. After this, there is no suspense. The action is completely boring, and the whole movie feels like a one-shot show, with the characters doing nothing to progress the plot. I found the movie to be quite boring, but at the same time it has a lot of potential. I can't imagine the show being made into a movie, because it just isn't the same show, but the story doesn't make up for the terrible script.  I give this film a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big fan of the '80s and early 90s, and I know it's not easy to come up with original ideas for movies these days. It's pretty hard to come by new ideas these days and most of the new ones come from the '90s. And that's not a bad thing. It just doesn't make me want to watch them. I'm guessing a lot of people who watch this movie have never even seen a really good 80s horror movie or anything like it before.  Anyway, I'll admit that I didn't watch the movie with my kids (I'm sure I can figure out how to watch it with them, I just haven't tried yet). But I'm just not interested in watching this movie with them anymore. I can only say I watched it with a friend of mine who was more into it and had a lot more fun with it.  I just don't know how the people who made this movie were supposed to make a good movie.  The acting is terrible, the story is awful, and the effects just aren't good. The only good thing about this movie is the original song 'Blood Rain'. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind the film is that it's supposed to be a satire of the way the film industry treats people who love movies. The whole movie is just that -- a bunch of characters in a bunch, talking about movies that are about to end in a couple hours. It's so boring that you just want to pull the plug and close the movie off.  This isn't even the worst film I've seen this week, but it's one of the most awful. It has a terrible script, and I'm a bit surprised the director didn't just try to make it a horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not a good movie. It is a bad rip-off of The Shining. And it is a poor imitation of The Overlook Hotel. I thought it would be funny to compare it to a real horror movie but I was completely wrong. The story was about 3 to 4 hours of pure stupidity. The acting was really bad and the acting was awful. I was expecting something more from a David Lynch or a David Cronenberg film. But this was nothing close to that. I could have done without watching this movie.  The acting wasn't good and the special effects weren't that great. It was a good idea to use the hotel in the movie but it was a bad idea to rip off of a good film like the Overlook.  If you like a good rip-on or a bad imitation of a movie then I would recommend that you see this movie on DVD, on video, or buy a copy from a used movie store. But don't buy it, rent it, or rent it on Amazon or Netflix, because it probably won't be worth it. It will only cost you $2.00. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good movie would be one with interesting twists, action and suspense, not one that merely follows the script and expects us to suspend our disbelief. A bad movie just wants you to feel uncomfortable and stay in the dark.  There are some pretty good shots in the movie.  I just don't know what happened to the acting. I thought all the actors did an OK job, but I just didn't feel like they were in the same movie. I'm guessing that the script was poorly written, and they just couldn't find a good way to bring it to the screen.  Don't waste your time on this movie. If you want to see a movie that's like "The Shining", you can go watch "A Room of One's Own".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so poorly made that it's hard to believe that this film's producers were actually paid to make it. The acting was so amateurish that it didn't even have the slightest chance to make the movie any less boring. The story was so weak that the plot could be easily guessed by the viewer's own imagination. The action sequences were so terribly staged that they could be mistaken for actual fighting. The movie did have one redeeming feature - the music. But even that could only save the movie from being a complete disappointment.  The best bit of this film is the soundtrack. That's right. The music in this film was actually good.  If you're looking for a good horror movie, avoid this. If you have the misfortune of seeing this film, make sure that you can see your own movie - otherwise, just skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pity that the first film is so poorly written. It would have been better to have gone the route of a "real" Hollywood film about a real life person who is a part of the real-life world, not a movie-turned-film. There are several scenes that make the characters seem more like characters from a soap opera than people who actually live their own lives. I don't mean to be rude about the movie, but I can't help feeling that this is a real loser at acting. It is so bad that I would have thought it was made by a group of 14-year-olds, since they didn't have any acting experience.  The actors and actresses are completely unknown, which is why I don.t know if they had any real talent or how to act, if they weren't actors themselves.  There is no real plot; they just made up the story to make it all seem more exciting.  This movie doesn't even deserve a 1/10, and I hope you all get the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film and it was absolutely awful. There was not one good thing about it, not one. There were no laughs, and none of them made the viewer feel good. The film was just one huge shocker after another. The script was unbelievable. And the acting was so awful. It was so incredibly boring, that I could barely watch it, and even then I had to stop to let out a few tears. This film is so unbelievably boring, and so incredibly awful, that it's a wonder how anyone could stand it. The only redeeming factor in it is that it stars a young and unknown actor named Mark Lillard. The rest of the cast was so terrible, that even the director couldn't believe it, even when he saw it. This movie should be avoided by everyone.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you enjoy the "The Rocky Horror Picture" series of movies, but don't care about the story or the actors in the movies, you might enjoy this one. The plot is really weak and the movie has no character development, except for one girl who is a very annoying, annoying and annoying person.  If your only reason for enjoying this movie is to watch Michael Caine, don't bother. I would recommend watching "Halloween III" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this movie for the first time and I am shocked that a movie like this was released in the summer.  I can only imagine the terrible acting and the story. There is absolutely no suspense in this movie. The story is pretty much just about two people (who are obviously actors) who try to convince their girlfriend that she should stay with them. They all are completely irrelevant to the story except for the two people they are trying to convince. The plot is completely nonsensical, and there is no sense of direction whatsoever. The movie is so boring that I didn't know if the two actors were actually actors or just actors pretending to be actors. The only reason I gave this movie a 2 is because of the acting, which is so bad. I would have given it a 1.5/10.  The movie also suffers from a lack of direction. There's no sense in the movie. If you want a movie that is about two actors who act like two actors, this is probably the movie for you.  This movie also contains an extremely shallow plot. I don't know what happened to the characters in the last act, but the characters are totally useless. The characters don't even have a point. The storyline should have been a bit more involved. This movie could have been really good, if it weren't for the terrible direction, acting, and plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe they made this movie! It's the worst movie I've ever seen. I don't even remember the name of the actor that played the role of "Ponyboy". I don' t know how he came up with that name. He should have just gone with "Ponk".  "Porn" is such an oxymoron to have a movie title.  This movie is really not even funny. I can only say it was made to get you to pay $10.00 to rent it. The characters are awful, and the acting is just awful. I would recommend that people watch this movie on a rainy night with no sound. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film for the first time last night, and it was really disappointing. The acting was terrible. I thought it was actually a lot better when it was first released in 1993. There was no music, and no real plot to speak of.  The plot is a mess. The whole movie was a mess with no end in sight.  What really bugged me was the movie was over in a couple of hours and had no ending whatsoever.  I would not recommend this movie. If you are a fan of "Star Wars" movies, you can skip this movie and go straight to "Star Trek" instead. This is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In its own way, this film was actually a masterpiece of the lowest form of trash cinema. The film is a poor excuse to film an old movie. However, it was made to be a fun diversion for the viewer.  This film is simply not worth watching, and if you are a true fan of the "Hitch" series of movies, you should just forget about it. This film should be a cautionary tale of the dangers of the cheap trash film genre.   This is a film that needs to be remembered with the utmost care and attention. You will likely forget about this movie after you watch it once, but if you keep on watching it, you will keep on forgetting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film in a theater, but I am not a movie reviewer so I will not comment on the film itself. I can, however, tell you that I personally do not like movies where a male character has a sexual relationship with a woman. I think there is something inherently wrong with the idea that women are just sex objects and that they are not a separate species. A female character should be allowed to have sex with a male characters without having to worry that she will be raped. There is a certain amount of fantasy involved in the idea of a sexual interaction between men and women. However, I don't think that the idea should be treated as one of the rules in a film. The movie should not be treated like an art piece. If it is a movie, I would have rather not have sex or had to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got to the end of this film and it was really, really, REALLY awful. Not because it was not a bad film (though it was), but because the actors were so bad, that I actually found myself laughing at the movie. Some of the actors, particularly those who played the younger characters, were so incredibly stupid and unbelievable that I found myself wondering how I ever gave them an acting career. The acting was not so bad though because the acting was so bad that I did not really care if the movie was a comedy or a horror movie. I just found it to be so bad in the end, that it was so unbelievable, that even when I was laughing the entire time, I was so uncomfortable with the whole experience.  I guess it would be better if the actors had done better, because at least they would have been funny and not so much of a waste. The script, the direction, and the direction of the editing made it hard to care. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was surprised that this film was actually made in the late 70's, the last time we actually got to see a Hollywood movie with a major plot twist, like "The Wizard of Oz". The plot was not even that clever. And then the acting was terrible.  The only thing that saved it was that it was based on a great book (which I would never have read in my life), but the writer was not very good and there were no other good adaptations of the book.  And then, finally, the film came to a dead end and it was just awful.   This film is just another way to waste your time. And I hate to say it, but the director must have been a bit drunk to come up with this one.  I don't think I can recommend this movie to anyone, but I sure hope that it's a good movie for somebody else to waste their time watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what happens when you go to the movies for the first time and don't like them. It's so low budget that it looks like it could be a TV movie. And it is! It's just not as funny as the TV movies. I didn't laugh once and I'm a serious film buff. It was so predictable and boring. And the acting was awful. The only thing that was funny was the line about the "good guy with the bad gun".  I wouldn't recommend watching this movie unless you have a good sense of humor or a really good sense about the movie industry. This movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak and the movie takes itself too seriously. It was not even possible to see what was going on through the whole movie. The acting was awful and the dialog was so awkward that I did not care to watch the movie. I wish I could remember the title of the movie but I have forgotten.  The movie is not funny, the humor is shallow and it makes no sense. It is not really a comedy but a drama that does not take itself seriously. There is not a hint of a plot. This movie is a complete waste of your time.  I would not recommend it to anyone. If you like cheesy movies, you can see that movies like this are made in Hollywood. I would recommend that you get a good movie from the library first and then see this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so uninspired and so stupid that it's amazing that the film is so poorly made that they can make it to the point that it actually made an opening day at the Cannes festival. In fact, I am surprised that the movie got a nomination. I can't believe that such a mediocre film is being nominated for a prize. It has no story to speak of, no actors to speak, no music, and no special effects. If I had to give it a rating, I would give it an F. It's just not even worth watching, let alone making into a short film. It is so boring, that even the title has to be laughed at. The whole movie has the same plot (or not plot at all), same acting, same direction, and same effects, but the acting is so horrible that the title really needs to be taken as a joke. It isn't even worth laughing at, it just makes the movie look bad. The entire movie is just too stupid. I would advise against anyone watching this movie because it's just so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very bad, but is at least interesting in that it has a very bad budget. The acting is just terrible and the plot is really bad. A typical "bad movie" with a very poor production and direction. The story is really stupid, and the acting is extremely awful, but the movie is pretty fun to watch at least.  The plot itself is completely unbelievable.  This is not even the worst "bad" movie of all time, just one of the worst I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so predictable, that it was boring. There was never anything interesting to say, and even the actors were barely capable of saying anything meaningful. There were so many plot twists, that the whole movie was about the characters' reactions to these twists. And these reactions were so predictable that the movie just became an annoyance. I got through the first half of the movie, and only then noticed that it wasn't really that bad. The movie got boring after the first 40 minutes, when the story was supposed to be starting to develop.  The movie is actually a lot worse than "Saved by the Bell" (the movie that inspired this review).  I would recommend skipping this movie, unless you have some serious free time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this movie was to make a film about a movie: a young man who becomes an outlaw. A movie in which he kills his best friend. However, this is a very weak movie. The acting is terrible and the story is not that good. It makes the characters look like they are not intelligent. The only thing I can say is that it does have a few redeeming qualities. A few of the best things are that the ending is a bit surprising and the ending of the film is not exactly what it seems to be. The plot is so bad that you really can't believe anything happens in the movie.  The movie is so badly made that I can only assume it was made by a very inexperienced director and script writer. This film is really only about making the audience believe in the existence of a young outlaw, and how he could be a killer who kills people. The fact that this film was made at all is a waste of time and money. The film lacks a sense of style, and doesn't have a strong theme. It is basically an adventure story with a very low budget.   I would highly recommend that anyone who wants to see a low budget horror film, read the reviews of the movie: "Worst movie ever". I personally think that the movie is about the guy being an outlaw, not his friend who becomes his partner. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a waste of money and time.  The acting was so amateurish and the story was so ridiculous that I couldn't even tell if I was watching a movie or a video. It is probably not even the worst movie I have ever seen, but it is certainly not one of the best. There were no twists and no real story, just a bunch of characters in the middle of nowhere who are supposed to be having a fight when all of the time is spent just talking about how much money they want to spend on a trip to Vegas and what kind of women they want there. The only thing that made this movie good was the music. The best part was when the main characters would sing songs about the women who are with them and what they want out of their life.  It really was a disaster.  This film really isn't worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the whole thing is pretty funny, but the way the script was written, it's a complete waste of time and really no way to enjoy it.  The whole idea of "a few minutes every day" for the rest of the movie is completely useless, and even if the director tries to make the movie funny, the script falls flat on its face. It's just a bunch of long, drawn-out scenes, which are made to look like they're going somewhere, but actually just go on and on, and just drag on for as long as possible, and when they finally reach the end, they're just as boring as the rest.  I guess this is just the kind of movie that the people who made it made for their own amusement, and they were obviously trying to make a big star out of a film that wasn't really their thing, and so they had to take advantage of the fact that the movie was a bunch and a half of the people in the audience were actually able to laugh, because they were the people most likely to get bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. The acting was awful, the plot was awful and the plot could not even be reasonably explained to a human being who is not a total idiot. The movie made no sense whatsoever. The ending was also utterly unbelievable and there was not one second that I could believe it. I have never seen anything like it in my life and I am a moron. It's not a good movie and if I had seen this movie 20 years ago, I would have been laughing at the plot. The script was so bad that even a non-American like me can recognize it. The plot was just so stupid that I didn't care at all about the plot to the movie.  And worst of all, I never found out if anyone died. I saw the whole movie and never found a single clue about any death. All I got was a little taste of what happened and that was all I needed. I would like to apologize to the other reviewers who are praising this movie. This movie is not worth watching, it's not worth paying money to see and it's certainly not worth your time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I watched this movie and all I can say is that it was boring. No plot, no real characters, just a bunch of actors doing a bunch... I mean, I've seen this movie before, and I don't think the first time I watched it was any less dull, just with better actors. The plot wasn't very interesting, but I think I would've appreciated it more if there was more going on. I think the only thing that saved it was the fact that it looked so ridiculous, but this is the worst kind of movie I've ever seen, and it's hard to tell how the director could have done anything better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so low budget and so terrible. The plot is the weakest aspect of the movie, but the characters are very flat and uninteresting. The script is filled with too many plot twists for the plot to hold together, and the characters do not have any chemistry whatsoever.  I would have given it 1.5/10 if it wasn't for the ending. This movie will be watched by people who have seen nothing else in the genre. I saw this movie because I was looking for a movie to watch on the plane to California, and I could have done without it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is the biggest problem. I'm no expert but it sounded like it was written by someone who doesn't know what the hell he's doing. And it was. I couldn't figure out what was going on. I got through the first couple scenes but it was so confusing and hard to follow. Then, when it started to get good I started to lose interest.  The acting was bad. It's hard to believe it was a production of this scale. It looked like it could have been shot on a TV set. And, I'm not joking here, it was as dull as it could be. I think this is why it's so popular on the Internet. The actors were so terrible.  There's a sequel to this movie. I'll admit I'm giving it a low rating because I've seen the first two. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did this film because it was so easy to find on DVD, and the title alone made it worth my time. I was so disappointed I watched the whole thing. There were so many mistakes in it, I couldn't believe it was even made. I don't think it was possible for this film to have been made, and I certainly don't believe the director ever saw it.  And yet the only thing that made the film worth watching was the ending, which I think was supposed to be a great idea. I got more out of the film than I did out of a good movie.  This is the worst film I have ever seen, and that includes most of the ones that have been shown on TV and in video stores. If you have the patience, you can watch a good film about a good story, but you'll just get tired of it after a while.  The only good thing about this film is that I can watch it over and over, but it never gets any better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did not see this movie and the reviews that I saw were very negative. I found it extremely disappointing. It was the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. The actors were not good, and it was obvious that the writer was not very good.  I just hope that this movie gets released on DVD.   The only positive review I could find was from a guy that had watched it on DVD before. He stated that it was OK, but not as good as the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very sad film. There is absolutely no point to this. It is just an attempt to make the film look and feel like an old, old thing, but it's just not. And I've seen worse, in fact, I saw this film a year ago. This is the worst movie I've ever seen.  It is so bad that even if I was to be convinced that I was seeing an old thing with a couple of actors from the '80s, I would just not believe that I could be so wrong.  A few more words on the plot, if you're interested in it: We're supposed to think this is a '70s-era film, but then there are people from the 60s and 70s and they're just a bunch of old people who wear their old clothes, and there's no reason to think that they're going to have an old time and they don't.  But the old people in this film have a car that they drive and drive around in. The old people don't actually do anything. They just drive around and don't do anything, and the story is told in the form of flashbacks. The characters have no real life experience and they never interact with anyone at all, and it's a total failure of a script. I mean, just the plot!  The story line has to be the movie's main focus because it's supposed to be an old film. The story and the flashbacks are so poorly written that they make the movie look like an unproduced TV show. The only way the film could have been better would have been to give us a bunch more flashbacks with some more detail in them. This was just an excuse for the actors to wear their clothes from when they were young and have them thrown out of their wardrobe and used for the movie.  The movie is supposed to start with a montage of old guys getting up and walking to a bar and getting drunk and the next shot is supposed make us feel old by showing us a very old woman who is standing up and getting her clothes thrown out by some old guys. The last shot is also supposed to show us a guy getting his clothes thrown in the air, and that's it. I think it's the old guy's wife who throws the clothes in the ground and the old guys laugh and walk away from each other, because the movie is all about old people, not old people acting.  I think that the movie should have
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the first few scenes the movie seemed to me to be very poorly edited. I can only assume that the directors of this movie didn't even watch the previous movies. The opening sequence, when the kids have to run for their lives from the zombies, was one of the worst openings I have ever seen in a movie. I was absolutely certain that the kid with the hat on his head was going to have a huge heart attack, but I couldn't stop watching. And, to be fair, the movie itself didn't look much better than the opening. I am a sucker for movies where the opening is a bit longer than the rest of the movie. This was one. I kept waiting for the zombie to get into the van, and then finally when it did I just got bored. This movie is so bad it could be called a rip off. The acting was a little bit better in the previous movie, but not by much. I really thought the movie was going nowhere until the end.  If you are interested in seeing a movie where a kid is eaten by a zombie, go ahead and see it, but if you are not interested in this movie, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If the name was not enough to scare you off from watching this movie, then I can't say what the actual score would be. This movie has been dubbed and dubbed into English, and it sounds as if it is an English dubbing of a French movie. In other words, it's a movie that sounds like a French film.  I'm guessing that whoever was directing this movie didn't really care about the content, because the movie is so bad, that they just wanted to get away with a few lines here and there. The movie starts with a cheesy opening shot of the cast talking. The cast is pretty mediocre, and I thought that the director didn't even know who the actors were.  The movie then proceeds to spend the rest of the movie going to the bathroom in the same way that it spent the last few minutes in the movie theater. This is just a sad reminder that if you try to make a movie, you better be prepared to have your audience laugh at your stupidity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not the movie I expected to see. I saw it on DVD and was really expecting something great. I had hoped for something that would rival the great movies of the early 90s (the best of the 70s) by making the movie seem like a true cinematic achievement. The problem is that it has no redeeming value whatsoever. This is the only movie I've ever watched that has made me so frustrated with the lack of quality in the world of film-making. It has no original ideas and nothing that makes you care for the characters. There's no mystery, no mystery. It's all just a bunch of actors playing some characters and trying to make a movie out of nothing. It makes no sense. The script, the acting, the direction, the story, everything. It just has no depth, and that's what really matters. I just hope that when you watch this movie, you'll get nothing out of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the most embarrassing and embarrassing moments of my life. The plot is nothing but a bunch of random plot twists and twists and turns. It's just not a good movie at all. I don't know why anyone would watch it. It should have been done by a different director and with a different script. If I could rate it less than one star, I would. This movie has some decent acting, but no plot. There's no plot to make it worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the first two seasons of this show to be fairly decent, but this third season was an absolute disappointment. The characters are completely unlikable and there are no characters that were even remotely likable. I have no idea why anyone who watches this would waste time watching this. The cast is completely unoriginal, there are so many obvious stereotypes that the characters in the show are essentially a bunch of stock characters. It's hard to watch when the writers have so much more to offer, but unfortunately, the producers and network were totally unwilling to let that happen.  The worst part of this third seasons is the music. This is where the show loses its appeal, because of the music alone. The music is not even good, it's just bad. You'll find some good tunes here and there, but they just don't hold up to the standards set by the previous seasons. This third season is just a waste of time.  I just hope that this series will be taken off the air. If it's going to die in the trash heap, I hope it's in the garbage can. I'm not complaining, I'm just hoping that the network and the producers don't waste any more time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the other reviews for this movie, and I thought it was just an okay idea, but they were all completely wrong. This movie has nothing to do with the original series and is a complete rip-off. The characters are totally out of character for the show they're playing. The script is awful and not funny at all, which I assume is intentional because they want to get a laugh. The music was alright, but the acting is awful. And finally, the film is not really worth the time of viewing. It's about a girl who goes to the park and meets her friends, and then dies. It just doesn't make any sense, and it's a complete waste of time. If they had put the original characters in it, it would have been a much better movie.  I don't recommend watching it because it's not a good movie, but I will recommend watching the original show because it is more entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie is not just a collection of images or sounds, it's a full experience, it has to be a complete experience. And the only way it can be that is to be honest about it, that is why I give it such a rating.  In the end the movie tries to have it both ways.  I think it was just put together poorly, there were many scenes that were simply unnecessary, and others that were just a waste of time.  Overall it was pretty bad, and it really didn't make me want to see anything else. The only positive I can say is that it was released in Japan and so I suppose it's probably not too bad. I really think the people that made it probably have some sort of personal interest in anime, but it just seemed a little...off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that is made to scare people with a scary ghost. It's not that scary, but it is very predictable. The director is trying to scare the viewer by making the movie seem scary and spooky, but there is no real threat to be feared. The ghost is so stupid, it's annoying and stupid. If you want to see a scary movie that actually scares people, go to see The Possession.  The only reason I gave this movie a 1 is because it had a very nice ending. But even that ending was too predictable. I can't believe that a director that knows that people are scared of ghosts would make a movie like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would normally rate a bad film like this as 10/10, but in this case I rate it as 4/10. I feel like this is just a bunch of guys in the back of a pub having a laugh and not knowing how to do anything better. The only good thing about this film is the sound design (I found the best sound for the soundtrack - 'Losing You' by Ben Cazes) but even that has nothing to do with this film. The film doesn't make sense, there are no plot points and most of the characters don't make much sense.  There are a few nice moments - a few really cool moments in a film that just makes no sense - but most of them are short, and I felt it didn't deserve a 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this, and it was just not funny at all. The acting was OK, the story was OK. I really wanted to laugh but there wasn't much to laugh at, and there were too many scenes that were just not worth watching.  I guess I just wanted to be entertained, but it wasn't. I just had to watch it because the guy who played the "villain" had a really big cock, and I couldn't care less about the rest of the plot because he was just so annoying. I mean, just... I hated him! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're a horror fan, you should be all in favor of this crap. It's an overrated, mediocre and downright awful film. The script and acting is awful. I had a hard time following the plot line and never got a clue as to what was going on. There are a couple of great scenes and a couple that are worth mentioning. But overall it's an awful movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Bizarre World of Dr. Sacks" is basically a very predictable and shallow look into the life of Dr Sacks. However, there is one notable moment that should have been more than a bit more than mere background noise. This particular scene is pretty much a glorified stock scene from "The Exorcist" with Sacks, a doctor, performing an exorcism on the dead. However the scene itself is completely pointless and completely unconvincing. The movie starts out OK with a nice atmosphere and some really nice visuals.  The movie doesn't progress very well, nor does it end up in any kind of direction. There's a lot of unnecessary continuity in the story and the movie just goes nowhere. It has a very weak script that really gets in the way of the viewer's ability to suspend their disbelief. The characters are so bland and lifeless that they seem to be straight out of a bad horror movie. The whole story is just so bland that it's difficult to understand the plot without having seen the original "The Conjurer". The only thing that saves the movie is the performances of the actors and the direction of the movie, but I doubt that this will save anyone's time. I can't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 10 minutes of this film are so uninteresting and dull that they should not even be mentioned. It is so predictable that it is laughable.  The film is so poorly made that I could hardly understand what was going on. For instance, in one scene I was watching the movie and it made me think "oh, that's how that movie starts. This guy has a car and drives down the highway. The movie is about him and it's about his relationship with his car, but the movie starts when he gets in his car and goes into town. This movie has no sense of time. It's like the director is trying to tell us something, but he is making up excuses for why the movie isn't going to happen. I wish I had never seen this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A typical low budget movie that has a lot of plot holes and fails to make a real impact on the story line. The only good thing about this movie is that it was made in 1982 and it's not even a decade old.  What can I say about this film? I'll let you watch it for yourself. I'm going to try and avoid spoilers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I have seen this movie at least 10 times since I was about 7 years old. It was not a very good movie, although I think it was made for an 8 year old audience. It has a lot of problems and is a waste of time for those who have already seen the movie or are thinking about watching it. There is too much going on in the story and there is no real motivation for the characters to do what they want to do. The actors are bad and the story is so bad that I have to wonder how this movie was made. I think the plot was very predictable, and the actors should not have been allowed to act. I give this movie a 1/10, not a 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film isn't good. The acting is just so-so, the writing is horrible, and there are way too many scenes of the plot being told backwards.  I just want to say I saw it on cable in Europe and it was absolutely awful.  In fact, I've seen it in several European countries and I can honestly say it was the worst film I've ever seen.  But, there was one movie I really liked. The one where an evil character says that the bad guy's plan is to destroy the world. That's actually a really funny movie.  So I guess that means I'll give this film a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I have seen this movie somewhere else. I was in the theater when it was showing. It was in fact a totally different movie than the one I saw at the theater. The one at the cinema was better and the one on DVD is even worse. The reason for the bad rating is that I think it was directed by the same person as the "Nightmare" movie. That means they could have done something to the picture since they could've given it a different title, a different plot and more gore.  The special effects were horrible, the script was totally unsatisfying and the story didn't make any sense. The gore scenes were in the movie and the only reason they made them in the film was because the movie was showing how to make the scene. If you wanted to make a movie about how to kill someone in the movies of the '70's and '80's you could watch this movie. I wouldn't recommend it unless you are a masochist. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main story of the movie is pretty much what you'd expect from the previous Twilight series. There are vampires, but they're mostly invisible and just as frightening. The only thing that's different is that there's only one vampire who's really, really, scary.  The story is basically the same in every other Twilight series that you've seen.  There are two things that are really, REALLY different in this movie: 1) the story never goes anywhere and 2) the vampire who is so scary in every Twilight series, that the movie actually feels like a Twilight series parody. The fact that he was in this film is just an insult to everyone involved in the movie. This is an insult that is hard to take, as it was pretty obvious that the writers and director had no idea what they were doing. The entire plot of the film revolves around a guy who's a vampire who wants to get revenge on a bunch of people who killed his family. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've watched this movie so many times that I know every plot twist and turn of the movie by heart, and I know how the whole thing goes. This is what a movie: a movie without suspense or story, a movie about a murderer and a murder victim who is neither killed nor saved by a miracle. In short, this movie is a waste of time. The movie is only interesting for the fact that it contains the names of many of the actors. It's not that these names are bad actors, they are good actors. This movie is boring and a waste. The only good thing I can say about this movie: that I wish that I was 10 years younger to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director of this film is really, really, REALLY bad. I cannot believe how this person could have such a poor grasp on how a movie should be made. The only thing that is worse is that he has not made a film that I feel even comes close to the "I know it's not very good, but I like it" level of ineptitude. I give this film a 2/10 because it does not look good, and the script makes no sense. The acting is just OK, and there are some good sequences in the movie, but overall, I just cannot believe the level of this movie. This movie looks like it was made for the sole purpose of being a joke. It's really not even worth watching at all, and I give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand why the film makers didn't give a thought to the movie before spending the money to make it.  I can only assume they weren't interested in the fact that the movie was only in German. The only thing that can be said about this movie is that it is completely unnecessary and I'm not sure how they expect to make money off it. But I guess we all know how movies work, right? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie looks like it was made in the early 70's or early 80's and it is absolutely horrible. If you are into 70's horror you may like it. If not...don't bother. If your horror genre is anything like mine, you will hate it. There is a great deal of wasted time and bad acting. I just can't stand watching this movie.  This is a horrible piece of crap. It has a few cute parts but the rest is so awful. The story was predictable and boring. The only redeeming point was the music. It was so awful that it was actually amusing at times. I would have thought that if the makers of this film could have put a decent score on this, it would have been more entertaining. I think that they should have just left out the music and have the actors read their lines. That would have made the movie a lot better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the most annoying things I have ever seen. I know, I know; I've seen the same movie over and over. What I mean by this is that it has a whole lot of dialog that just don't make any sense, and the dialog is extremely repetitive. It's a shame because the story line is actually somewhat interesting, but in the end it just goes nowhere. I was so frustrated with the movie that I was actually annoyed at the fact that the movie wasn't finished. It wasn't even an hour and a half.  The only good part of the movie is the ending. It really should have ended at "Won't somebody please tell me what the hell is going on?", but it didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so awful that I can't believe it was ever made. The only reason I could believe it is because I saw it in a film club. If I would have been watching it at home, I wouldn't have believed it. It's so bad that even when the actors are not on-screen, they can still be seen in the film. This is the first film I've seen that does not have a sound in it. I'm a music director who likes to have music on the soundtrack to the film that is not used in the movie. This film has no music, and it is so slow that it hurts the ears.  I hate this film. It is the worst film I have ever seen. There is no hope that the film will get a release. I hope that it does get released, and that the actors get fired. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a disaster.  It's a real shame the people who made this movie got away with it. There are a few bits in it that were interesting, and the acting was OK. It wasn't so bad as the previous two films I've seen (including the remake of A Nightmare On Elm Street), but it wasn't a good flick either.  The movie has a very strange story line that leads to the end credits, and an unbelievable ending. It just seems like the writers didn't think they could top the previous 2 movies. The plot is pretty much non-existent, and there is a big problem with the script and acting. If you are looking for an oddball, or a movie where the acting is a major issue, give this one a pass. It's just an awful movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really disappointing to see such a good movie, with such potential and talent, being wasted on a so-so, shallow and cheesy movie. I think that director John Hillcoat should go back to his college to study the subject of art. He should have learned from the great artists like Jackson Pollock, Mark Rothko, and others, and maybe he could be a great painter, like some of his classmates.  The acting is not very good, but the script is not bad either. I would give it a D or C, if it was worth watching. If you have any patience, go ahead and watch it, but don't waste your time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was an unoriginal, badly acted, poorly directed, poorly written and poorly acted piece of crap. No reason whatsoever to spend your time on this film, unless you're a fan of the late 70's and early 80's, or if you're looking for a laugh at the expense of your family. If you're not a fan, I don't know what you're watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this as a "lost in the 90's" movie, and as an homage to "Kaboom", I couldn't really argue with it. I guess the director didn't want to make a sequel to "Death Ray", so he decided to make this movie about the super-computer (called "KABOOM") that destroyed the world in the first movie. This movie was absolutely awful. The acting was terrible, and the plot was a complete mess. The movie should have been called "The Supercomputer" (the name of the computer in the movie) instead. Also, the movie starts off by showing the destruction of a city (or something) and then shows the computer, which was destroyed by a bomb. Then we get to the plot, which involves a computer that was designed to be a "killer" and then he killed himself and the city. I don't think there's much to say about this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this review, I'm going to try to be positive and lighthearted, but I know that will be difficult for me to do. This movie is a complete failure.  It has absolutely no plot, no humor, and is very slow paced. The acting is not good either, except for a few scenes in the beginning. This is the type of movie where people would just be sitting there, staring at the screen for hours. They'd be bored if the acting wasn't so bad. I wouldn't waste my time watching this, I'd rather spend it with my family. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it's a total disgrace to have made a movie about the life of a notorious murderer. But it's not a horror movie. It's not even a thriller. It doesn't even have the excuse of being a comedy. The acting is so bad that the movie could have been made by any number of people, without the slightest talent.  A total waste of time.  I mean, what a waste of money, what an unbelievable waste of talent, what unbelievable waste.    I'm not sure whether I should give this movie an "A" or a "B". It was so much worse than I expected, and it's still not even half way through.  It's a horror flick. It has no humor, no action, no horror, no twists. It lacks all the elements of what makes horror movies exciting and compelling. It was nothing but an excuse to make a big fat film. And it didn't even make me laugh. I thought it was awful. I felt I had seen every movie like this. This is the worst horror movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a movie about a family who are forced to go to war because their son is mentally retarded, look elsewhere. This is an insult to the intelligence of anyone who was ever born to a family with a mentally retarded child. There are scenes where the kid is shown being pushed around by his brother's mother, and scenes where they are both talking about what a horrible mistake it was to get their kid into war. The story is really nothing more than an excuse to give a kid a big ass of cash. I'm not even sure the kid's parents are aware of this movie, but it would be better if they didn't know about it.  In the end, the kid does get into a real battle in Iraq, but he does not make a lot of money. It would have been better if the movie had just made a few of the characters more sympathetic. The ending is lame and the movie was so poorly made that it made me doubt whether the kid had the mental capacity to understand how to get his brother back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was not a classic, but it was a good idea, and the script is awful. The acting is poor.  The actors do not seem to understand the point of the story and are so out of character that I found myself wondering if they had seen this movie before and had forgotten what they were supposed to say. The movie tries to get out of the old story-telling formula by having all the characters talking about a "game" being played in the film, and it does not work.  What's more, the script makes no sense at all. The first act is a typical "mystery" film, in which the characters are supposed to be solving an unknown mystery. However, the story seems to end up in a giant maze with a giant prize, and nothing really seems to happen.  It's just a pile of boring, incoherent, and poorly directed film.  I can't give it a bad review, but I can say that it was certainly not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's about a woman who finds herself in a bad situation. The only thing she has left is the baby she lost in her previous life, who she meets again in this world. She goes to find him and falls in love with him, but he is dead. After this, the story doesn't make much sense and the movie is a waste of time.  I found the character development of this girl very shallow and unbelievable.  This movie is not even worth two minutes. I hope you see the movie but don't waste your time. It's nothing but a bad joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was absolutely terrible! I saw it in a video rental and thought it was okay. I was very surprised when I saw the rating of 6/10, and the movie's director, Mark Hamrick (who has directed a bunch of awful movies, including this one), is actually a director of the horror series 'Reaper'. The plot is predictable, the acting was very wooden, and most of the kills were very predictable.   In all fairness, this is a low budget movie, but this was the worst of them all. The acting was terrible, the gore was bad, and there were so many horrible mistakes that the movie was a complete disappointment. There was no story, no tension, no sense of humor, and it was all very predictable and boring. I wish I could give the movie a negative 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most boring movie I have ever seen. Not just boring, but completely pointless. The story and acting are not even remotely believable. The movie is actually so dull and uninteresting that it made me feel sick. The acting was terrible. If you are into romantic comedies and you don't mind a few minutes of boredom in your life, then watch this movie. Otherwise, don't waste your time on this piece of trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really stupid movie: it has nothing to do with the characters or the story but the way the actors acted. I mean even the title "The Greatest Villain Ever" is kind of lame. The ending was stupid and the plot, which was pretty good in the beginning, got progressively worse. I give this movie 1/10, I'm not sure if I'll ever see this again... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My girlfriend and I saw this movie and I'm surprised that it was so bad. I think that a lot of the humor was missing and it just didn't make the movie worth watching. It didn't even have the excuse of being a remake of a cult classic like "Rita, Rita, run!". I'm still wondering how this movie could get made, and why the filmmakers didn't have the guts to make a remake instead of the original.  The plot was extremely weak and the movie just didn't have any sense of humor. There was no reason for the characters to do anything or think anything. The acting was very weak and all the scenes were completely unnecessary. The only saving grace was that the movie had a few jokes in it. I thought they were very corny.  This movie is just a waste of time. It was way too long and boring to watch. I just don't understand why it was made. This movie would be a good idea for a low budget film, but there's no way that it could be a feature film. The concept of this movie was stupid. It's so lame. I'm really sorry for anyone who had to see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to seeing this movie for a few years now, and then I read the review for it and I just went bonkers. This movie is so bad. The acting is so awful. It's like they made this movie in an attempt to make it seem like a drama and they just lost interest halfway through. I'm not sure if they even tried to do the actors in a scene or just had them stand around for the whole movie. The movie also has some of the most unbelievable scenes I've ever seen in a movie, even when they're in the middle of doing their scenes.  This movie was a complete waste of time, and I was hoping the plot could've been better. The actors are so terrible and it was a waste of the actors' talents.  If you want to see a bad film, go for it, but be warned that it will only make you sad and will probably make you want the movie to end. This is just another example of how people can be so stupid, and this movie is just the tip of the iceberg. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It looks like this is just a rerun of "The X-Files" and I'm sorry if I missed it, but I was hoping that this would be better. But sadly, it's not. "The Black Tapes" is the same old "The FBI is back" plot. The only difference is that the FBI is now called the "Cult" and the X-files is now the "Babylon 5". There are no aliens, just the usual government, alien, and weirdness. The plot is a big waste of time and has a lot of cheesy lines and one particularly bad acting performance.  As always, this is a poorly directed, poorly acted and poorly directed "X-Files".  I am so disappointed in "B5" that I can't wait to see the "X2", which is actually supposed to be better! I really wish that the actors were better and that they were able to show a bit more of their talent. I really wanted to like "B4", but unfortunately, that movie just didn't hold my interest. I'm just sick of "B-Movie" and it's about time to get some "B" to go along with it.  I'm very sorry to disappoint anyone, but "B6" was supposed to have a very different plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought that this movie would be better with a couple of lines from this movie: "You can be the biggest star in the world if you have the best sex in the whole world!"  But, it wasn't. It was awful. I hated every one of the actors, and I'm surprised that they were allowed to be in this movie. I was hoping that the movie would turn around and be better, but it didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a complete waste of time, with a boring story, horrible acting, and the characters were so far from the characters we had seen in the previous two movies. The story was so confusing and the acting was so bad that the film would have had been even worse if it had been the original "The Lost Continent", rather than this attempt to cash in on the movie series.  The cast was weak, the plot was a mess and the special effects were awful.   I'm not sure if the actors who were in this movie are still in show business, but I would bet my life that it was them who made it into the sequel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting an honest, well-crafted, fun, adventure movie, but I was disappointed. I don't know why the film has such a bad rating. The actors were not good. And, I mean, seriously, how can anyone not recognize the names of the actors in the film? They were not even that good. Some of them were just plain awful.  And the directing, I'm sorry to say, was not all that great.  The only good thing I can say about this movie is that the cinematography was OK. But the sound, I couldn't understand. It sounded very low-fi, not in a bad way. It seemed like the actors didn't have a good idea of how to use sound.  I hope that the filmmakers have learned from this mistake. I would give it 1/10, if I were you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no real story to this movie. Just an ordinary house party in a small house that is really boring and not worth watching. I thought the director made it really hard on himself. The movie was too long and the movie was not very interesting. The characters did not feel like they were in the scene. The house really didn't seem like a real home. There were no funny moments, no characters that I felt were really likable. It was a really boring movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to think that I am one of those people who are very critical of movies with a very bad plot. However, I have watched the last 4 episodes of the TV series, and I cannot tell you how bad the plot is in them. There is no logic or reason to it at all. The story is nothing like the series it is based on.  The only thing that I liked was the fact that it showed that the police force in a city is so corrupt that they are not even allowed to kill criminals. This was just like the last episode of the original series, except that the cop's job was more involved.  As a cop, I found the story to be unbelievable and the way that the movie was made and how it was edited to be so bad. It was very slow, and the acting was so awful that I would have thought the movie had been shot by a teenager. The music was a total disappointment and the story was just so poorly told and told, that I cannot understand why anyone would make a movie about a cop.   Overall, I cannot recommend this movie to anyone who thinks that it has a good plot. It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I would never recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked the movie, then you'll probably enjoy this. Unfortunately, it's very similar to other movies like "The Rocky Horror Picture Show", "The Goon" and "Barefoot Genie". They all have the same theme, but this movie just doesn't make up for it with the fact that the actors (especially John Goodman) don't really have anything going for them. They just do whatever they want without giving any effort to do a good job of it.  The acting is so bad that even the director (Michael Nissen), who directed the original "The Horror Picture", can't help but admit that it's a bad film.  This movie has very little to do with the book, and it has no original ideas whatsoever. The only reason this movie is still around is because it has an extremely limited fan base. However, I would rather have my friends see the movie than read the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the title of this movie is wrong because it is not a bad film. This movie was made in a very low budget and the quality of the acting was pretty poor. The plot is pretty weak, it lacks anything that is supposed to be a surprise. It is a bit hard to understand why this movie was even made. It could have been made with better actors, better script, better camera work, better directing... It could be made a lot better if it was made with a real budget. It was just made cheaply and in the worst way possible. The script was terrible and the acting wasn't even good. It really should have stayed in the low budget category. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A total disappointment to anyone who has ever been in a relationship with a good actor. The acting is not just bad, but utterly useless. This movie will just make you want to throw your TV out the window, as it's just one big joke. This is just like "A Walk in the Dark" for adults, but even worse.  The cast, director and cinematography is a total mess.  There's no story to speak of and no sense of danger at all. The only thing that's really frightening is the idea that this movie is about zombies and aliens.  It's not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of the film is that a guy has been trying to find out who killed his friend, so he has to find a copy of the killer's suicide note, which he gets by the help of a few friends. Unfortunately for the main characters, this premise doesn't make any sense at all. The script isn't really that good. It's a little too long and boring, but the performances don't help much either. All in all, I can't recommend this movie a 1 at all, but I cannot recommend it to be a 1 or to be rated below 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was surprised to find this movie because it was released in the summer of 2009 and was released on DVD. This movie is actually quite good for what it is, but the story and acting is so bad that I'm afraid I would be in the middle of the worst crime movie I've ever seen. The main reason is the acting. The characters are so boring and the plot is so weak. The only thing that keeps me coming back is that the ending is so clichd. It should have been a one-off special at the end of the movie because of how it's been done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not even a thriller. I saw the trailer and thought it looked like it could have been an "I Love Lucy" parody but I couldn't find any. What was this "I LOVE LUCY" film? Where was Lucy's name? And where was this film set? This movie isn't even a "cable" like the original "LUCY", which was about a love affair between Lucy and another man, so I'm guessing it wouldn't have been made for cable.  It was just a big, stupid and boring love triangle. It was so much worse than "Blessing of the Broken Heart" (another bad movie about a very shallow love affair). "Bolero" (the movie) is just another case of bad movies. I know the movies are supposed to be parody but this movie was just so badly made it wasn't even funny. It seemed like they made this movie just to make money off of a bad script. I mean, how do you parody "I'M A YOUNG BISHOP OF WILCOX" and "WILCOXY" without having the characters look like they're from the same world? And even worse, the movie seemed to have the same director (Gunnarsen) as the "LOVED" movie.  And I'm not even sure who the director was, but I can't remember the name of the guy who was credited. I guess it's just too bad, because even if the movie wasn't a spoof it could still have been a spoof. It's really not worth watching and I would have thrown it out if I had been the director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The acting is so awful it's a wonder the plot is even coherent. It seems like there's just one person who can make the script work, and he does it by taking one line at a time and writing out the rest. If you want to see a movie where characters speak in third-person and there are no effects of sound, this isn't the movie for you.  There is nothing else in the film to keep the viewer interested. There are some interesting moments (the "Giant Squid", for example), but the rest is nothing but filler. I would advise not seeing this film. I didn't see a single plot twist, I saw an unending series of shots and dialogue. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what to make of this movie, and I don' really care, because I saw it, and it was terrible.  I can't say I'm surprised. I saw the trailer for this movie when I first saw it in an Australian movie club, and after seeing it, I couldn't help but compare it to the one starring Kevin Spacey, and the only difference is the one is an actual TV show, whereas this is not. This movie is so boring and awful, it almost feels like a parody of itself. It's a total disappointment, and just makes you wonder why anyone ever thought this movie would be any good. This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The plot is so unbelievable, it could have been made a comedy with a better script. It was just a waste of time.  The plot could have had a better twist at the end. The ending was pretty cheesy, and not really believable. The whole thing made no sense at all, and all the actors looked really bored and confused. I'm not going to see this movie again, it just made me want to rip my eyes out.   If anyone has any suggestions, please send them to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit that I found this movie a bit boring. It was like watching a bad horror movie or a boring action movie with no story whatsoever. I was bored out of my mind by the fact that it was so completely devoid of all the elements of movies I enjoy, such as characters and plot. I felt like the whole movie was made up of a bunch of random, uninteresting events that made no sense and could have just as easily been cut out and put in the middle of the movie.  I could not help but think that this movie had a really lame premise, and it really made me question why they spent so much time on the opening credits.  It was a complete waste of time.  In the end I would have preferred it to have been a horror movie, or at least something that I would find interesting. Unfortunately, I can't give this movie any points, because it really didn't do anything to improve my view of movies in the future.  The movie is very slow, unimpressive, and quite poorly acted. You are only left with the fact of its mediocrity. This movie could have been much better, if only they had spent the same amount of time on all the different scenes. I feel like they should have been cut up into a different movie altogether. I just feel like this movie was just wasted. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in a film fest in Montreal, and was hoping for something interesting. It was boring, and it was completely incomprehensible. The movie is about a girl (Glorious), who is the girlfriend of the guy who is killing off his friends. The girl's sister is also in danger. The whole thing is so badly acted, and so very stupid. I did not understand a word that was said. The director is also bad. The story line was interesting, but I can't believe he even tried to make a movie out of it.  The whole movie was a waste of time. I just saw it for fun, and I would have thought a director with an eye for story would have done better.  I also found the song, "Machete de Bate", and the movie was really bad because the movie did not have a catchy song to make the movie interesting. The song is a good song, but this movie was made by people who don't know how to write a good movie.  A terrible waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has so many problems, and all of them go straight to the worst part of the movie, the movie itself. There are no real plot lines to speak of, only characters who have nothing to do with each other.  What is worse is the acting, it's so amateurish, the acting is so flat and unconvincing, the direction is so awful, the cinematography is so bland and boring, and the direction on the whole is so bad that it's really not even funny.  The acting is really bad because it was so badly directed and written. I'm really surprised they even made a film like this. The director obviously knew very little about the subject matter. And then the actors don't even know how to act, they act like they don't care about their character at all.  A couple of actors really get to shine, such as the actor playing the part of a child who has a crush on his teacher. But then the director just dumps him right into the middle of the story, so there's no way anyone could have made it up as they were.  In the end, it just makes no sense at all, and that's a major problem when you're making a movie about a murder, that's not supposed to make sense.   It's a very sad film to watch, and it will not win any awards for acting or directing, but if you're going to watch it just to see the actors, then do it. I don't know why anyone would do that, it is so embarrassing to watch. I wouldn't recommend this movie, it makes me so angry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I made this movie for our 4th wedding anniversary. I'm a movie-maker. She is a writer. This movie has no plot, no ideas, no plot. It's just like one of those TV shows that have no plot whatsoever. I guess the studio was afraid that a non-plot movie might be too much for their budget. Maybe they were afraid that we would be bored by a movie that just had a plot. I wouldn't know. I just thought that the plot was boring. It didn't even have a plot at all. It was just a bunch of people sitting around talking and having sex. It wasn't a movie at all, it was a bunch (and probably a bunch more) of people who wanted to be on a movie set. I would have thought that a movie like this would be better at making a point than just making people sit around talking for 10 minutes. It really was just some people talking in a room talking. The sex scenes were not even remotely interesting. And there was no plot at any point.  I gave the movie a 1/10. I didn't like it. It just didn't make any sense. It had nothing going for it. You wouldn't have to be a complete idiot to watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got into this movie through the reviews on IMDb. I can't understand how this movie got made, and I am really disappointed.  It is so far below the standard that I would have expected a more polished, professional film. It's just a pile of recycled scenes and characters that had been made to look interesting in the 90's. This movie isn't a classic horror film. That would be a better term to use. This is a film that you would see in a video store to see how to make a horror film for your friends, but it is just so much of the same recycled scenes that you have seen in countless horror films since the 90s. I cannot understand how the studio is so desperate to make movies. They should have taken their time and made something better. I would never watch this movie again. I am so disappointed in what was so much as a movie. I think that it would have been better if they had gone to a real studio and asked for a director and a director of photography. It would have probably cost them more than the budget they have spent on this movie.  I would give it a 0/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was interesting enough. But what really killed it was the lack of chemistry between the characters. It was so obvious that I could have written a negative movie review about it myself. I think that this movie was made for a low-budget cable TV show. And it probably wasn't even really a good movie at all.  I don't really know why anyone would make a movie like this. It's just a total disappointment. The actors and the story were not even close to believable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the first episode and was a bit bored by it. I went into the next episode and it was absolutely awful! I would have given this series a 1 if it wasn't for the fact that it was so awful.  The acting was so bad, I didn't understand why it was even there. The camera kept trying to focus on the worst person in the show. And I'm a woman who doesn't think she's dumb enough to act dumb. How is it possible that an episode about a person who looks so stupid and can't act dumb, would be entertaining? I don't know what the writers were thinking. How did they come up with this idea? I'm disappointed because I watched a first episode of a show that was so terrible that I had to write this review. It's not funny. It isn't funny at all. It makes no sense. It just makes you feel bad.   If the series ends up being canceled, I'll let you know. But if you like bad, go ahead and watch the first two episodes. I can't believe this was even made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've seen in a while. It was boring, predictable and completely pointless. It made me want to give up on the whole concept of the movie. I actually saw this movie for the first time and did not like it. The first 40 minutes I thought it was good. The only time I felt even remotely like I was part of the adventure was when the main character was being chased by an armed force. That was when I truly felt the movie was trying to be something else.  The plot was predictable and did nothing to advance the story. This is not a comedy, this is a murder mystery. I can't see a point in a murder thriller where someone dies or gets killed while being chased. The movie ended on an extremely unsatisfactory note with the main hero having to do an extremely unnecessary rescue mission. I could have done without that.  I just wish the movie had a positive ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that is completely uninteresting, not to mention that it was directed by a man who has only made one film, and that's "The Man With The Golden Arm". "I'm Sorry" has a ridiculous amount of actors who have made the same movie twice, and no one can say how this movie was made.  "I'M Sorry" was filmed in a studio, but there is no studio here, it's just a really bad movie made in a bad studio. The acting is awful, and the story is not interesting. I would just say it was made by someone who had to film something and didn't want to waste the money.  The only redeeming thing about this film is that it has a really creepy "cave man" that really looks like it could be a "B-movie monster".  If you want a bad film that's made in this manner, just stick with "The Return Of The Living Dead". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem with this film is its story line. I have seen it twice, and both times, it was pretty good, but this movie is just not good. The characters are not likeable, the plot is not interesting and the dialogues are not entertaining.  There are many scenes in the movie that just make no sense. There are scenes in this movie that could have been filmed in one take, but they just do not happen. The plot is just a mess and I'm sure the writer never even thought about this movie.  Overall, it's just not very good. I gave it 2 out of 10. The acting was bad, the story was not very well developed, and the visuals were just so ugly.  I gave this movie a 1 out of 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a guy who gets his hand bitten by a radioactive spider. The spider is in control of the hand. After that, he gets bitten by the spider and is infected with it. The movie is a disaster of bad ideas. The whole thing is an absolute mess of plot holes and bad special effects. There is no logic, no sense of humor, and no real emotional connection between the characters. There are no jokes, and there are no redeeming qualities. This movie isn't worth your time unless you're an idiot who likes to watch bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A strange film, a bizarre story, the worst dialogue in the history of cinema. What did it all mean? Where was the movie made? How do we get to the end of the movie? And why is the film called "The Dead Pool" and not "The Pool"?  In the interest of a complete review, I'll be doing a bit of speculation. A brief discussion of the story. I'm not sure if this is the story, but it does have the same title and the same ending.  I remember being very skeptical of the ending, and I've read the book "The Black Pool" by James O'Malley. O'Brien is said to have a brother named Jack. In the book, he kills his brother and then kills himself. The ending of "The Deck" is a bit more confusing, as it is not exactly what O'Donnell says, but the fact that the movie version is a reenactment of the events that O'Connor says happened. This makes the movie somewhat confusing and difficult to interpret, especially if you read the novel. "The Book" is the more straightforward and straight story. The movie version seems more like a sequel to "The Game" from "Beneath the Clouds" and "The Man in the Velvet Mask" from the "Dark Shadows" series. The book has a lot more violence, and the movie does not have any. This is probably the main reason why this film was so bad. The violence is in the movie, but not in the book.  "The game" was a very interesting concept, but was ruined by its lack of violence. The same could be said about "The pool". It is a very strange concept, that doesn't make any sense to anyone who has read the story or seen the book; but in the script, it makes sense. The story is very weak, and there is no reason to care. This would have been a good film for a kid to see, but I doubt it would have passed the basic editing test. The director should have cut out all the pointless scenes, and cut the story down to a minimum length.  The screenplay was horrible. It had a bad plot, bad direction, and awful sound.  It is so bad, that it is almost unbelievable that anyone could have made it. This movie would have looked much better if it were not for the name. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a piece of garbage. It's not funny or entertaining, it's not an enjoyable film for anyone who wants to watch this movie. The actors are awful and the direction is so poor. I just don't understand how they made this movie as I would have expected better. I have seen a lot of movies from the 80's, so I know it's no good. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  The plot is just a big mess. It all feels like it was just made up to try and make a quick buck. I mean, who knows what the movie was about in the beginning? What was the point of the movie? The movie is just awful. The only saving grace is the fact that it was in 3D. However, even then, the movie is awful.  This is not worth your time. Do not waste your time watching this movie! If you are a fan of any 80's movie, go watch the "Alien" or "Blade Runner". If you like any 80s movie, you better go watch "The Twilight Zone". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this movie twice now and I still can't say why I liked it so much.  This movie is a typical horror film with the same clichs as all other horror films but it is not scary, nor is it scary at all.  It is a cheesy horror movie that doesn't make any sense at all but has no redeeming qualities. This is an uninteresting and unwatchable film that is made to look like a classic horror flick but it isn't. This movie should be watched by those who don't like horror films or horror movies. If you like horror movies, go watch a horror movie. If not, then go and buy a movie at the theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit that I watched this film for the first time last night, and I can only give it a 1.5/10. It's not an unmitigated disaster. But it's also not particularly funny. And, if you ask me, it seems like the kind of movie you might want to sit in the front row at a really stupid movie theatre: The people are talking to each other, but it's just so boring that you feel like you're the only person on the screen.  I don't know what to think about the premise; it's pretty stupid. A kid is trying to get his mother to get a job, and he finds out that she's dead. So he decides to make himself the best actor in the world by stealing a dead person's identity. In this way, he creates the perfect movie: a kid who isn't really that great at his job but has a bunch of fun moments anyway. But he ends up stealing his own identity because the movie has to be told in order to have all those funny moments.  This is a sad, dumb, sad movie. There are some funny bits in it, but they're buried under a pile of utter nonsense. The story isn't even really that interesting. It really isn't much better than The Dead Pool. I don a 2/10 because it's not really that funny, but I'm not sure if I would have rated it lower had I not seen it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very lame film that does not make sense to anyone who is not familiar with the genre of horror films. The characters are uninteresting and the plot does not develop any way. There are no memorable characters, the dialogue is uninteresting, and the acting is just OK. It does not have much atmosphere, and is basically just a low budget slasher film. The gore is very shallow and I cannot say whether it was done on purpose or just was not done. If you are looking for a cheap horror film then look elsewhere. This is an example of an overly rushed movie that should have been put together in one day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just read this book by Dan Carlin (the guy that makes "Comedy Bang Bang") and I was quite disappointed.  It's just a bunch of guys talking about stuff and it's just plain boring. It makes no sense and has no plot. And even if it did, there's no way that it would have worked. So I'll leave this review here and move on.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A remake of a "B-movie", a bad remake of "Bobby Fischer's Greatest Chess Bet".  I watched this as a kid and I can't believe it's still around. It was so bad I couldn't believe I'd actually bothered to watch it again. The acting was terrible, the story was so weak, the plot was so poor, the whole movie was so slow and dull, the acting was so awful that it made you feel like a kid on Christmas. This was the first time I felt this way with any movie. The only thing worse was the "Bassist" character, I can only assume the writer and director felt this was his role.  Oh, and the "Songs" weren't played by the same people, the movie seemed to have the same "A-level" sound.  The only good thing was that the "story" actually moved along.  I'm not sure what happened to the idea of a movie about chess and chess matches and I'm really not sure if I can ever forgive the producers. This movie should be taken down from the internet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just an attempt at an adult horror flick, and a very poor one at that. It is so boring that you actually want to make it stop. The characters are not even likable, the plot is so stupid and predictable that I felt that they should be replaced with actual adults. This movie should be rated at a mere three.  If you want a horror flick that is actually frightening, go watch the original House on the Edge of the Park. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a good movie, but it's too short. The first two acts are interesting, but the last two act is a real drag. The acting is bad, the dialog is uninspired and the characters are flat, boring and unbelievable. The movie's first 40 minutes is really interesting, and after that it's a complete waste of time.  The whole movie looks like a production of a high school drama class, with some kids getting drunk, falling down stairs, falling asleep and even getting a little bit violent. I can't believe that some of the cast members had any acting experience before this movie. They're not the most talented actors, but they're not bad. It's just sad that they wasted their talent for this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst horror movies I've seen. It's just really not funny and very annoying.  The only saving grace is that the special effects were OK. It was just really slow and not as entertaining as other horror movies.  It's really not worth seeing, and I can't recommend it.  I'll give it a 1/10. It gets a 1 because the special effect work was OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main idea was that a person in an abusive relationship had to be able to defend themselves in a certain situation (a room full of people being held captive by a violent psychopath). They had to kill the person(s) holding them hostage and make the room look like a crime scene with lots of blood (I've read that they also killed the hostage, the killer and the other person who was held hostage in the room). I've seen this in some movies, but never in a movie that was really good.  This movie was so awful and so stupid. I saw no sense in having an over-acted and over-produced scene (no blood and gore, which makes the movie look like an old, crude, gore movie). In fact, the whole movie was awful. The actor (who is a very good actor, I can say) is so uninteresting that the movie was boring. The special effects were very amateurish, but the movie's effects were just ridiculous. I know the story was supposed to be a horror movie, but I could not get past the plot and the lack of plot. I was expecting an extremely violent and bloody movie, and instead I got an awful, boring movie.  I don't know if this movie is really intended to be horror or just an attempt at an "exotic" movie, or both. I can't really say for sure, but that's what I thought.  The actors were awful, the movie has a poor script, and the special effects and special effects that I saw were not good. This movie could have been made a couple of years ago and still looked okay. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so terrible. The actors looked like they were talking through their own mouths. The story was so bad it was so unbelievable that I had to stop and watch the whole movie again to understand what was going on. The acting was so poor that it was hard to understand why anyone was watching it. I watched it because I thought it would be funny if I watched people acting like animals.  It's not funny at all. And I'm sure it's not going to be very interesting to people who don't know the characters and are looking for something to watch.  Just watch the first 30 seconds of the movie and turn it off and do what you want with your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so disappointed with this movie, I could not watch it without laughing. The acting was horrible and the script was just stupid. It is really hard to explain how the director could have made a movie like this, with such a stupid story. I was just looking for something to laugh about, and I got nothing. The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because it has two characters that are pretty funny. If you want to see a movie where nothing happens, just stay away from this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so shallow and devoid of any real content that it's hard to believe it's not just a cheap cash-in on a big name cast and a big budget. The acting is completely wooden, the plot is poorly written and doesn't make sense at all, and the acting is so awful it's barely possible to make it out of the movie without it being laughed at.  This is the worst film I've ever seen from a Hollywood studio.  I just can't believe that anyone could see this, let alone believe it could be a big hit, and that it could still be in theaters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is pretty bad, and it is so bad that I am surprised I didn't give it a 1 or 2 star rating. It isn't even worth talking about. This movie tries to do so much, but doesn't really get anywhere. It has all of the ingredients that made me dislike the first "Buffy" series, but it is just so far from the original. This is a show about a teen vampire, not a vampire hunter. There is so much talk about guns and vampires, but there is no actual guns or vampires anywhere in the movie. There are some vampires, who are pretty scary. But they are never shown actually killing anyone.  In one of the scenes I was watching, I saw a vampire wearing a cape, but the cape was not even visible in the shot. I guess they decided to use the "blessing" of the cape to make the vampire look cool. It looks like they did a quick scan of the scene, and then they just had to go ahead and use the cape in the scene. I wish they had done more research. If I had known that this movie was going to be this bad, I would have avoided it. It is like an episode of "Bitch Face" that aired on "Screwed" and then got made into a movie. It just doesn't make sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I saw this movie was because I was reading a bad review of it that stated that it was bad for its first act and was good in the second act. I was wrong. I mean, it wasn't bad in the first act, but it was awful in the end. It seemed like they just put a bunch of random crap into the second.  And there are some things in the movie that I don't understand. How does the guy from the house know what happened to the girl? How does he know about the girl's condition? Where is the guy who was supposedly trying to kill the girl at the beginning of the movie? I really thought it would make sense at the end of the film, but, no, he doesn't seem to care at all about the movie. The only thing I can say is that if the director had made it interesting at the start of the first episode, the movie would have been better.  If you're looking for a film with a strong lead character and a plot that doesn't work, don't look here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a movie out there about a couple who are in love with each other, and the story goes on and on. There are lots of things that don't add up, there is nothing to do and a lot of things don't make sense. It's not even really that good a movie, but it is not bad, not that bad. I'm sorry to say that I hated it, but that's just me. It was bad. This movie is really, really, just that bad, and I want to say why.  So I'll just go out and give you the details. In the movie, the wife says she wants to sleep with her husband. He says no, but she sleeps with him anyway. The husband tells the wife that she should sleep with him. The wife says no. He then tells the husband that if he sleeps with her, she will get pregnant and he will be in trouble. He tells the couple that he wants to kill her. They then decide to kill their husband.  But that's not all that's wrong with this movie. There's no actual plot. There is no real story line. The movie is just about the couple having sex and having a good time. There was no real character development at all. There were so many things that just didn't make any sense. I think that it just seemed like the movie was trying to get the husband to kill the wife, which is a stupid idea.  The story line was a complete waste of time. I can't believe how badly the plot went in this movie because there is no plot.  I also felt that the movie's script was just too wordy and there were too many words. There should have been less words in this film and more time for story lines.  Overall, I can say that this movie is probably not the worst movie that I have ever seen, but there is still plenty to dislike about it. I gave it 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My guess is that the original concept was a parody of the horror genre. But when the director of the original came up with the idea to make the sequel, the only thing that made sense was to make it a "spin-off" of the first film.  The only thing left to do was to drag in some sort of supernatural element that would make the original film more fun to watch. So instead of vampires, the sequel has demons, werewolves, and a couple of zombies.  This is a shame because the original movie was fun to see. But even with all the added elements, it was still a very uninteresting movie. I would have expected a better director to come up with a sequel that would be better than the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film so unbelievable that I literally laughed my butt off. I laughed about 1 out of 10 times I watched it. And, to add insult to injury, I found myself laughing while I was driving, just to show that I can laugh at movies. But the only thing I can think of for the director was that he wanted the film to be like "Sgt. Rock" (I'm sure he is). He made Sgt. Rock a huge hit. The only difference between Sgt.Rock and Sgt.Bruner Rock is that Sgt. Buster was a cop. But I don't want to make this film the same as Sgt.Frost Rock. It just wasn't worth watching. The director should be fired for making such a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If there was any hope of a comedy in this film it was crushed from the start. The plot is an insult to even the slightest semblance of originality. Every single joke is recycled from old sitcoms (with a few exceptions).  The character of the "Bible Guy" is so bland and predictable that the movie would be laughably funny if it were not so painfully unfunny. The script lacks any real interest or character development and seems to be the movie's sole aim for being "funny". In essence, it's just a boring, boring, uninteresting, pointless, predictable piece of cinema.  I don't think the script was the worst of all the movies in this series, but I certainly would not recommend this to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of movies: A few years ago, the movie was so good, I laughed so hard I couldn't take it. This is worse. I can't say it's any better than the other two movies, but it's still worse. It's just plain bad. The only redeeming quality I can see is that it's not too old to be funny, and that's something of a consolation in a movie like this.  This movie should never have been made, and if it had I'd never hear any more about it. But it does deserve a few laughs, so I'll give it a couple of points for that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really hate the movie, but I'm going to give it a chance because it's not bad. I don't mean to be a hater, but it is pretty hard to get through the whole movie without a strong feeling of nausea.  One thing that really irritates me is the fact that the "good guys" get the girl but not the guy.  The movie really doesn't make sense, it's basically a story about the "bad guys" trying to get revenge and how they are going to get it. But it's just too long, and the whole thing just kind of falls apart at the end. I'm really disappointed that this movie exists. I really wanted to like this movie, and I really didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is an interesting premise but not really well thought out. The cast seems to be completely useless, save for the occasional cameo. The writing was very poorly written, but it is hard to judge by the director's credit. The director did not seem to know how to put the movie together, and did not really know how the movie should be put together. The script was bad and so was the acting. It had too many unnecessary, meaningless scenes. The movie had a weak ending and not a real resolution. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so terrible I could not believe I had paid $12.95 to see it. There were a few good parts, such as the opening scene and the first scene of the movie where the characters talk about their "friends" (ahem). However, after the first 10 minutes, the movie became a drag, and I just could not take it.  In the middle of the third act, the characters started having sex and were even having sex with each other, which made me wonder why they were even in the same movie. The story didn't even make sense. I couldn't understand why the characters would have sex in the middle or end of the story, and why they would have a relationship with each of their friends. I thought the film was just boring and had a very low budget.  The acting was awful. I would have given it 1/10.  My advice to anyone is to skip this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion this is the worst film I've ever seen. This film is absolutely awful and the actors are terrible. The acting is so bad and the plot is so badly put together. I was expecting a horror film but instead I saw a comedy.  This film was horrible. The film has a completely unnecessary ending which really ruins the movie.  I wouldn't recommend watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. I would have thought a movie about a crazy woman would be fun. I mean, it's not like I was expecting it to be an action movie or something like that. I just thought it would be more fun if it was more crazy. This movie wasn't even funny. It wasn't funny at all. It was really boring. It reminded me of those terrible movies that everyone claims are great, like "The Naked Gun" or "Rambo." This movie had no redeeming qualities whatsoever.  I don't understand how anyone could have made this movie. How could someone make a movie where they would have to fight the "crazy woman" in the movie? How could you have made a movie like that?  In the end, I'm just going to enjoy my own misery. I think the film was just about to be over when they cut to the part where the crazy woman gets killed, and the guy in the car comes in and shoots her. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In all honesty I did like the story but the story was too much and I found it really annoying. I'm a big fan of the TV show so it wasn't that hard to believe that I could enjoy this film. I felt like it had the same plot but with a different setting and it didn't even feel like I was watching a TV show. This movie was a mess, there were so many scenes that I found myself not caring about them. I think that the show is more enjoyable and more believable than this film so I will be watching the TV series until the end of season 2. I gave it a 1 out of 10 because the plot was not fun to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film that is completely incomprehensible. I don't know how anyone could possibly have made it. The acting was so bad, that even the best actors couldn't pull this off. I guess the director was too busy shooting his own porn film.  The only good part of this film was the music, and it's very cheesy.  I would like to be able to give it a one or two out of 10, but I am a bit of a hypocrite. I think I would have given it a 9. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are two things that make this movie a terrible waste of time. The first is the fact that it takes place in a fantasy setting and has no idea what it's about, although the actors are clearly not making the effort to sell the idea that the film is a movie, they seem to be too afraid to be honest about it. The second thing is that there are no memorable moments in the film, just scenes that repeat a few times and nothing more. The ending is extremely unsatisfying, and you can tell that the filmmakers are not really sure what they are trying to do.  I would recommend that you do not waste your time watching this film. It's about as good as "Halloween of the Zombie Apocalypse" was, only without the added gore. If you are a fan of this film, go watch a different film that doesn't involve zombies, such as "Zombie Wedding". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea is good, the execution is terrible. There is no reason to make a movie in which people are killed, and not even a little bit of action. In the movie there are only a couple of scenes where the action is intense. The movie is so dull, it is nearly impossible to take a look at the plot. There are so many plot holes that it is hard to believe that anyone ever made it. In one scene it appears that the whole movie was filmed on a stage, and there is no way it could have been made with that technology.  The movie has no direction, no acting, no story. The characters are all the same. It is just a series of people running through various scenarios. There was no danger or excitement in the movie, only boredom.  I found the movie unbearable. It was like watching a TV series, except that the TV show was just boring and had no chance to do anything interesting. This movie would have been better if it had been about a serial killer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A strange mix of a film and animation. Not sure how this came about, but I just got the impression that it was an amateur animation. I have never seen anything like this in my life. The animation is quite dull and the animation isn't very good, but what the film is good for is the sound, especially the sound effects. The sound is not that great either. The cinematography is OK. The film looks really amateur.  The characters are not very good. The story is predictable and is not original. The end is really lame. The only redeeming point is the ending. If you don't care about a good story, a good animation, and an OK soundtrack, you won't care a lot about the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a film with a decent story and some semblance of character development. I was hoping for something that would have been interesting and worthwhile.  Well, I was disappointed. I have seen better films with much better stories, characters and situations. This movie simply wasn't that. The acting was laughable and the plot was so stupid that I felt I was watching an episode of a bad horror show. I really felt like the characters were nothing more than cardboard cutouts, trying to act out their roles, and failing.  I'm sure there are plenty of people out there who enjoy the film for its originality. The plot and characters were interesting. The story is a total disaster. The action sequences were pretty cool, but were completely out of place in this movie.  A film with such a weak story, an over-baked plot, a weak acting performance and a total lack of any sort of character growth is a bad film. If you can find a decent movie to watch that isn't a total disappointment, watch it. If I could get the actors to try harder and act more believable, I would like to see them get better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I can't stand films with lame jokes and bad acting, so I was shocked when I found out that "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" was actually a movie with a plot. But this movie is more of a comedy and horror show, so let's just let that slide.  Then the movie turned into a complete mess and it's too bad.  The acting is a joke, especially the whole "Violet" character, and the plot is so stupid.  Even though this movie was supposed to be a "horror movie", it didn't have any of the qualities that horror movies are supposed to have. The plot was too convoluted, the characters didn't make any sense and there were too many plot holes that had to be filled in to make the movie any more believable.  In fact, I didn't even remember the title until the credits began to roll. The movie itself is so ridiculous that I'm still trying to figure out how I missed the whole point of it. The best way to describe this movie would be like a parody of "The Shining". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie on YouTube many times and I cannot believe it was made by the person who made it. This movie has a lot of potential but it's not there. This is a horror movie that you will laugh, cry, and cry some more. If you want a cheap horror movie to watch on YouTube, go for a bad one, this one is not even remotely entertaining.  This movie should have stayed in the horror genre. If the producers had done their homework, this movie could have been a decent horror movie. Instead, they made a joke. This makes the movie more of a waste of time than an actual horror movie, but it isn't as bad as a lot other movies made today.  The movie has no budget and I'm surprised it was as low budget as it was.  A shame, and if you see it, don't waste your time and don't buy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful movie. I'm not sure how it's made, but I'm guessing it's not good. The acting is bad, the storyline is ridiculous, and there's no chemistry between the characters. The story itself was so weak I felt like it was made up on the spot. The actors are not actors and I can't imagine them being good at this. The whole thing felt like a "Wake Up" for the late 90s.  I don't know if it was a good movie or not, but it wasn't enjoyable and I don was really not surprised to find out it was terrible. The worst part was the whole "I'm sorry for your loss" scene. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film at the local cinema, and I must admit I was so disappointed. It was a bit predictable, but it didn't make up for the fact that I wasn't even entertained the first 10 minutes. This film is so badly written, so poorly acted, so ridiculously bad that it makes even the 'worst of the worst' films seem decent by comparison. It's not even funny, it's just flat out stupid. The acting was, however, very good. The music, on the other hand, is so awful, so out of place, that it is unbearable. There was one moment in the film that really did put me in mind of The Omen. I'm not sure what the director was trying to achieve with that scene, but I just couldn't take it. I mean, what was that about? Some kind of occult ritual? Maybe it wasn't a big deal, but just how far is it going to get you to accept it, if it isn't a joke?  I guess the fact it didn' t make a positive impact on me was down to the fact I hadn't been particularly impressed by the original films, and the idea that I was supposed to be entertained and moved by this film was simply too far-fetched.   In spite of all of the above, I do recommend it. However, just stay away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think there are at least three main problems with this movie. First is the fact that the actors are terrible and the story is not very original. The second problem is that the director has a habit of over acting. And finally the worst problem is the story. The whole story seems to be about a guy who kills his wife and kids and then goes on to marry a woman who he has never met.  I just don't know why anyone would waste their time watching this movie or why it is being released. It would be better to leave the movies on Netflix and see the "real" movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first time I have ever been disappointed by the acting of a film. This film is a waste of money and time. No one really cared to care about the story line of this film. The plot is very predictable and the story is really boring. There was nothing really special about the characters in this film and they are all annoying. It would have been nice if the director had gone to the trouble of writing a decent script.  I was hoping for a film that would actually make me feel something. This was just another way to waste my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an example of the kind of rubbish that Hollywood likes to make. And this is just a sample of a lot of rubbish out there, including all the "The Lord of the Rings" films.  One thing that annoys me is the fact that this movie is only released on DVD in Japan. It is really a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to admit it, I just can't stand movies that involve a lot of pointless nudity. It's just so boring, so I can't really find a good movie to watch. This is the first time I've ever seen this type of movie, and I think it's the worst. I thought it was the best of the series, but now I think that the only reason why they kept making it is that the studio had too much money to waste.  I hate all these types of movies, they're so stupid and pointless. The only reason I watch them is for the gratuitous amount of sex. I think the problem is that they make the sex scenes so explicit that they're not funny, they don't add anything to the story, and they're just so ridiculous that they just drag the movie down to a level that it really isn't worth watching anymore. There's no way a movie like this can get a rating higher than a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating is 1/10. The worst of all time. This film made no sense, and the acting was atrocious. The acting was so bad that I could not figure out if the people who made this film were actors or just people who had nothing to say. In the film, the characters were named in a way that made no meaning to the audience.  It had a very low budget. The effects were extremely weak. There was no suspense, and no reason to care about the characters at all. The only redeeming factor was the music, but that only served to distract from the movie. The soundtrack was so bland and boring that it made me wish I hadn't rented it. The whole movie was so boring that I kept watching it because I could see it would get worse.  If you like action, and are looking for a low budget, poorly made action film, I don't think you will find a better movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie opens with a shot of a big fish swimming around a pool of water, the fish looks up at a camera (a "movie camera"), then swims away into the water, swimming through water in a straight line and not really making a noise at all. A giant (and extremely stupid) rock, which the film makes it seem is a giant, goes flying by the camera, then suddenly disappears, then the camera panics and goes to commercial break (which is at 3:53). The fish continues to swim and not make any noise (no, not even an occasional splash), and it keeps going and going, not moving, not changing direction.  The film seems to be made for TV, but the only TV I saw this was on a pay-per-view channel, and even then it was a little too loud to hear. The sound was so loud that the sound system of the TV would start to hum and the TV wouldn't shut off. I was able to turn the volume up to the max but that just made it even louder.  When the fish is about to turn to the camera it goes to a commercial break again, and when it comes back the fish swims into the pool of the pool, and the fish continues not making any noise, and doesn't seem to have any intentions to go to the fish's mouth.  Then the camera pans around and the scene zooms out, then it zooms back in, then zooms around, and then it cuts back to the first shot of the fish, which it's now going to jump from, then after it does it goes straight to commercial again.  It's so annoying because when the fish jumps it starts to move around a lot and there's no real point of the camera going around.  This movie should have been made for cable or even in the home video format, and not in a big theater with a sound system.  All in all, a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so bad I thought it might be in the worst film of all time. This is the worst horror movie I have ever seen. It is so low budget that it looks like it was made for $10 and a half.  The acting was terrible.  I would give this film a 1 out of 10. This film is so bad, it was almost worth watching just to get rid of the horrible score. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film in the VHS box of a VHS tape from 1987. I can't believe that such a low budget production could have made such a horrible movie. There is absolutely nothing to it. The acting is awful, the acting is worse than a high school play, and the story is so poorly done and so weak that I could not understand why anyone would spend $25 on this film. I thought it was going to be a very fun, low budget feature, but I was sorely disappointed. The script is horrible, the script is horrendous, and even the sound effects are awful. This movie should never have been made, and I hope it never gets made again. I would have avoided watching this movie if I were you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie ever. A bunch of old guys playing old men. I've been to a lot of family movies. I'm sure this was one of the worst of all of them.  I don't even remember where it was. The only thing I can say is that it was in the 70's. The director probably made this one when he was 15 or 16 years old. I don' t remember what time period it was, but it probably aired in the early 70's because the actors had to be older.  This movie is about as far from being funny as a bunch of guys playing dumb.  Don't waste your time on this. Don't rent this movie if you want to watch it again and again. Just don't rent it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original idea was interesting, but the execution was far from perfect.  I don't even think they could have done it better.  The movie's characters are completely devoid of personality. I think it's just a case of them being unable to find a good director to take the job. This is one of those movies where the movie is so devoid of anything that I don' care whether they have any money to make the movie or not. I'm just glad they're not using the name "Gone To France".   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think that this movie is as bad as all of the previous attempts by the makers of this sort. However, I feel that it is much worse than the previous movies. In this one, we have a very weak story, and even less charisma from the actor, and a terrible script.  It was so bad that I could hardly understand what was happening. I just had to leave it.  If you want to see a poorly made movie, then look at this one. If you are looking for something to entertain your family, look elsewhere. This one is not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this film, I thought it was a pretty decent idea. Then I watched it again, and I was just disappointed to be wasting an hour and a half watching this one. It was just plain awful, with no redeeming qualities whatsoever. The acting was atrocious, the plot was weak, the direction was bad, and the direction and editing was terrible. I can only conclude that it was made for the lowest common denominator, and that they are trying to appeal to the lowest possible amount of viewers. This one was just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is not interesting, the characters are a bunch of cardboard cutouts, and the acting is awful.  This is probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's so bad that the only thing I can really relate to it is when I was watching it with my son, who was only seven at the time. It was terrible. If you are into that sort of thing, you should steer clear of this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it's time for a new movie: the original, "Caddys," was a comedy-horror flick that wasn't funny, it wasn't scary and it was filled with so many clichs that I had to ask myself if I was watching a real horror movie or if it was just a film about a real family.  "The Other Side of the Door" is worse than the original "Caddy's." There are only two stories: one is about the family in the house, and the other one is a bunch of scary stuff that goes on in the neighborhood.  The movie looks and feels like a horror film with no story, only a script and a couple of actors. It's not funny or scary, it's just not worth watching because it doesn't have anything to offer. The movie is filled with clichd and cliched people that look like they are from the original movie, only they are not, and you're not going to be scared by them either.  This is the worst movie I have ever seen, and I've seen worse.  I would recommend people NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE. Don't waste your time, and just leave it alone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, this movie was directed by someone who is just as incompetent as his co-director and has a lot more experience than I do. This movie has a very low budget, but the story is predictable, predictable, and predictable. The acting is horrible and the plot has a couple of plot twists that are extremely predictable. It is a waste of time, not to mention the fact that the whole movie has very little story.  There's no story line, no character development, and the movie doesn't make a lot of sense. In fact, I don't think this movie makes sense at all.  The movie is about a group of kids who are trying to help an old woman get some money from the bank. However, they are also in danger of being caught by the cops and there is a cop on the case. The plot then goes back and forth a couple times. However in the end, the movie does nothing but make us wait. I have no idea why this movie exists.  I give this movie a 3/10, not even a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Last Man on Earth" is an incoherent mess, but its plot makes sense if you don't know the details. If you're a science fiction fan, then you'll have trouble with this movie, because it's a complete mess of clichs and predictable dialog. The characters are stereotypical, and the story is predictable.  There are no moments of tension in the movie, and it's almost as though the entire cast is there to get a paycheck. The special effects look amateurish, and some scenes look like they were done in an early '90s graphics program. The movie contains no humor, no real character development, and no reason for anyone to care about the story. Even the characters' deaths were predictable. Even so, this is a movie I'd rather forget, because I can't take it away from the box.  "Last Man on the Earth" will never be able to make a big hit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's about a couple of bad, nasty people getting together, trying to find a way to kill the person that has caused their misery, which is usually a guy. You know, they're so evil and so stupid that it's hilarious. And then the story gets complicated.  There are so many scenes where the bad guys get a chance to kill off the good guys, and they don't. It just gets a little too silly. It's a pretty basic, predictable horror movie.  The acting is not bad. But it's not very good.  In the end, it's just a lot of bad actors in a bad plot. The only thing that saves it is the fact that it starts with a "Goodbye" from the director.  I would never recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line here is terrible. I have never seen a movie where the characters don't have a reason to do what they do, and it's a little disheartening that it just wasn't believable to anyone else. I can't imagine what the writers thought when they decided that they were going to use a guy as the lead for his own movie. The acting is poor, the story lines are weak and the overall direction is so poorly executed. There is so much potential in the film that it's ridiculous.  If you want to see a movie that's not a movie but a story that's bad and the only thing worse is how awful it is to watch it, then this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wanted to like this movie, but was utterly disappointed.  What was there to like about it? I mean, I guess if you're a guy who's into the idea of the 'women's paradise' or something like that, it'll make you think you've got what it takes to get the job done.  But for me, it's a waste of time, because the plot was a complete farce. If you're going to spend your time on something like this, don't waste it on such an embarrassing attempt at satire. The story was boring, the acting was bad, and the premise was ridiculous. There was no actual comedy involved. I could have laughed my ass off at the fact that a woman was hired to act as the manager of a group of women who were all married to other women. If the woman's husband were to come into the office at any time, I'd bet money that she'd be getting fired from her job immediately.  There was nothing to see here. There were just a bunch of women in a room and that was the point. It's a really poor attempt at a movie. It should have been a comedy. If they had gone the route of making it a comedy, I might have enjoyed it more. But the point was not to make a comedy--the point was to make you laugh. That's not a movie anyone would want to watch. The best comedy is a real laugh. You don't want to laugh at a bad comedy, you want to hate it, because you can laugh at anything.  If you enjoy a bad joke, I suggest you spend your money elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a movie: it is a bad TV series. I know how to get into this show, but I am not even a fool. This show is so bad that I wonder how it got on TV. I watched this and the other two series on the same day. The show had nothing going for it. It was boring, it was slow, it did not have the characters, it had nothing but the writers and the script. It also had no story lines that were not made up. There was not even any plot, there was nothing to be seen. I'm sorry, but it was just a complete waste of my time.  It would have been better if the show was made into a real TV series, but even then it would have suffered. I would be less annoyed with this show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a big horror fan, but this film made me cringe. It didn't make me want to see it, but I didn't want to skip it. It was just awful, and I can't imagine how anyone can have ever liked it.  The movie was a bit slow, but it was actually OK. The acting was OK, and the special effects were OK, but the story didn't seem to be anywhere near as compelling as some other horror movies.  Overall, a poor excuse for a horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the synopsis and was surprised to learn that this was the director's debut. After watching this, I wonder if he ever had the courage to make a movie.  This is a film of the most boring, unoriginal, and unbelievable story I've ever heard.  I was expecting to find something more interesting in the director. I was wrong. In a world full of the "tastiest things", why would they ever consider this one? The only thing I can come up with are the two most unbelievable plot twists I've heard in my life. One was "two friends are going to die in a car accident". The other was "the guy who can see the future is actually dead". How do you keep up with that? You can't. This movie is the kind of film that makes you wonder how anyone would make a film like this, or a movie that isn't so shallow. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was nothing more than a bad sequel to the first film in the series, with the same cast, same script, and the same actors who played the characters in the first two films. All of the same story elements are present, only now there is a plot, characters, and even the plot of the first movie.  The film tries to shoehorn in the concept of the "Raccoon City Police Department" and it has a few interesting parts. However, it's just a bunch of clichs and an annoying, if not completely useless, plot device that really didn't need to be in this film. It's really a shame that this sequel was made and that it's such a disappointment to all who saw the first installment. It really could have been a really great film had it been the only one made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was so awful, I laughed. The writing was so bad, I didn't care if I lived. The premise was so stupid. It was not possible to understand the whole story. There were a lot of mistakes. The acting should be rated lower, and the script should be rewritten.  I really wanted to like this movie, but it was so terrible, I was so angry I could not control myself. I hope the producer of this movie does not do this movie again. It is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only remember one good movie about the great Frank Capra and I just saw the remake. The movie was really bad and had to be a joke. I would say it was made for a joke to make people think it was real. I have seen the original "Babysitter" for the first time in 40 years and I cannot recommend it.  The movie's plot is too predictable and the acting was horrible. The actors had to have a great sense of humor because they had to make the movie seem so ridiculous. The story was really boring. The plot made no sense and it felt like they were making fun of something that happened in the story.   The film really sucked, I can't recommend it because it sucked so bad. I really want to see the original and see how they did the remake, but this movie should have been renamed "Batsitter".  I would have preferred to see this movie as a comedy. I just don't understand how this was made. I mean, why make it so stupid and make it seem like it was just made for the sake of it? It just sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a really, really, REALLY long movie. The cast is awful and the writing is really,really bad. It's just a bunch of people shouting and talking to each other. And the ending is so stupid and unsatisfying. It could have been really good if it had been made into a movie, but then you'd have to see it in 3D!  I give it 1/10. I've seen better, but this movie should have been made for children, not adults. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie looks like a poorly made attempt at a Rocky Horror Picture (I know there's a lot more to that), with the characters all wearing their own costumes. The acting is also rather poor, although it's worth mentioning that the story line in the movie is rather interesting, although the movie never really gets off the ground.  There's absolutely nothing in the film to keep me interested for more than a few minutes, aside from the occasional sight of the actors' heads popping out of their costumes in the background. The movie is completely uninspired, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who wants to see a Rocky horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was so bad it made me hate it so much. I'm really disappointed that this movie was made. I've seen worse, but this was the first time I really felt disappointed in a bad horror movie. There was a time in my life when I used to enjoy movies and movies like this. However, it was all the way back in the 90s, and I thought that movies were going to be way more interesting. This is just an awful, horrible movie. It had some decent special effects (though not nearly as good as the original), and there were some pretty good actors in it. But overall, it's a really bad movie.  The acting was bad. The story was bad, and the ending was really stupid. I think the movie is probably worth nothing, and it should just be destroyed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this movie was made. I found it absolutely disgusting. How could they have made this movie? I don't understand how the actors were able to do the job with the horrible acting and the awful script. It was one of the most poorly written movies I've ever seen. The script was so terrible that I had to laugh it off.  The only reason I'm writing this review is because I have a copy of the DVD and I'm going to see if I can find a copy for sale. I've seen it in other countries and I can guarantee it will be terrible. I can only recommend this movie as a waste of your time and money. I hope you can't find a buyer for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has no story whatsoever. It's just a bunch of people in a dark room talking. It was very, very, VERY predictable. And, to top it all off, I think the script was awful. I'm sure if I ever get the chance to see the movie I'll give it a score of 1 out of 10. The special effects were bad, the direction was not very good and the story is so weak and so poorly told that it's hard to tell what's really happening in the movie. The acting was very unimpressive and the script is so poor that it makes the characters look like complete idiots. I was really hoping the movie would be better than the trailers I've seen, because they're so much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a film about a couple that fall in love and live happily ever after, but this film is just a sad tale about the couple's lives. The only redeeming quality is that the couple do manage to get the love of their lives together and live for another 50 years.  In fact, the film only has a few funny moments. The rest of the film is so uneventful that I would have thought I'd just watched the first 10 minutes of the movie. It's a shame the film didn't get the attention it deserved. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did not like this movie. It was just bad. I was expecting something more exciting and original, and I think that the movie made me believe it could have been. The story was so predictable, and the ending was so obvious that it made me laugh for every stupid moment. The acting was OK, but it's just the way it was. It is one of those movies that I would like to see without the writer's explanation. This movie was simply too boring. I know I am supposed to like this kind of movie. I don't know why I did. I am not interested in seeing an "action" movie where there is so little action. This was an example of that. I had to laugh every time the "hero" (who is so weak and insignificant in this movie) kills the "bad guy". I just couldn't believe how he could have survived the "action".  It was a bad, boring, and unnecessary waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie that tries to make a point, but ends up being a boring, low budget exercise in cheap, shallow, poorly-written, and poorly-edited comedy. A movie full of clichs and cheap one-liners.   The movie begins with a few funny bits that will probably be forgotten after you've watched it for a few minutes. Then the film starts getting worse, and worse, until you reach a point where you are unable to take it seriously. The characters are so one-dimensional that it is almost impossible to believe there are actual people in the movie.  It is so flat and uninteresting that you'll just stop caring about the movie after a few hours. It's not even funny enough to be funny, much less a joke. It is a complete waste of time. It should never have been made.  If you can get through it, the movie has some nice visual effects and some nice music, but that's about it. It isn't worth watching for the sake of the acting or the visuals alone. It just isn't.  The only saving grace in this movie is the fact that there are two really good, independent, and funny films that preceded it. I recommend these films to anyone who can tolerate this kind of rubbish. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at the screening of a low budget horror film that is really quite bad. I had high hopes that it would be a little more entertaining, but the fact that it was such a poor film made it really hard to watch.  I don't like horror films that are very low budget, and this one sure doesn't look like a low-budget horror film.  The acting was really, really bad. It seemed to be made almost entirely for shock value, and the acting was bad. In particular, the actor playing the doctor was horrible. His performance was terrible, even though he was the main character in the film. I really wish I hadn't watched this film. It was really stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm really sorry to see this review about this terrible movie. But I thought this was a really stupid movie and I hope that they will get some kind of a refund. This movie was so bad and not even funny that I had to laugh. It's a really boring movie and even if you don't like comedy, don't watch it. I don't know what to think of this movie, I really hope they will be able to refund it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing but a waste of time and money. The characters don't have any depth or anything at all to them. And the plot is a total joke. No one in the movie ever seems to care about what is happening to them, and no one seems to have a clue what is going on.  I think this movie is really just a vehicle for the writer to have an excuse to use the actor for another movie. I would have rather seen the writer make a movie with the actor who did the best job of playing the role, and not the writer who just used the actor because they didn't have anything else to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie, in its "high school" version, and was shocked to find out that it wasn't the movie I had been led to expect. I was, however, quite surprised to find that the film contained no special effects whatsoever (a typical mistake in this kind of movie). All the characters looked the same and there was no plot. And worst of all, there was absolutely no dialogue. There was no character development and even when it came to the plot, it was completely lacking. The movie was a huge disappointment to me. I found the idea of "teenage romance" laughable and didn't find the relationship between the characters to be believable. I can't believe that the writers were so stupid to think that the only way to make the film a success was to make it completely devoid of special effects. I guess the makers felt that no one would notice what a complete joke they had made. The only reason I gave this movie 4 out of 10 is because of the beautiful music and sound effects. The soundtrack was terrible and I wish it had not been included in the film. The acting was terrible as well. The problem is that this film only made $10. If the film had a little more special effects and better writing, it would have been much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good movie with an interesting premise, but the rest of the movie is just a waste of time. There are several moments in the movie that were just not in the script, and that just seemed like filler. One has to wonder what the producers were thinking. A good script would have given the audience a chance to really get into the characters' heads and understand their predicament. The movie seems to have been made with the sole purpose of selling more movies, and it's a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of things are worth mentioning about this flick: 1. I really did not care for the "good" looking characters in this film, especially the blonde.  I found it really irritating that the director kept trying to make this movie as a horror film. There are no monsters in it. There is no killer in it, just people doing stuff that scares people. There was nothing about the characters that was convincing. It was just some boring crap.  Also, this film was really short. I only saw the first 30 minutes. The rest of the movie was so poorly made and I really hated the acting. It made me sick to see these people playing characters I was supposed to think were so attractive. It would be nice if they could have actually made a movie out of this and actually shown a little bit more of the characters, but it would have been even worse if they had not made it so shallow.  This is really a sad and depressing piece of crap. I did not like the story at all. I would like to see the whole thing, but I guess it's better to just leave it. I don't know why anyone who actually enjoys horror should spend any money on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen worse movies in my lifetime, but this movie is just absolutely awful. The acting is poor, the script is incomprehensible and there are no real scares. I can only imagine how anyone who watches this could possibly be in the mood for this movie. And it's not even a horror movie, it's just an "A movie where people go around and kill people" movie. This is probably the most depressing thing I've ever seen.  If you like horror, don't waste your time. If you're not a horror film buff, don' go out and rent this. You won't be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this movie I was amazed that it was not awful. I was just waiting for it to be good. I expected it to have a great plot, and I was not disappointed. Unfortunately, this film just got boring after the first hour. It seemed like there were two characters that had no real story and just got along with each other and the story was not developed.  I would like to point out the fact that the only reason why they were able to act like the characters was because they were given lots of money. I would also like to mention that the plot is about a girl who is a sex-symbol. It is actually not about a sex symbol at all. It was really just about the two male leads that made the whole thing seem so unbelievable. The female leads were not as involved and were just there for the money. The film had no plot, only a bunch of really boring scenes. I did not like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was no way I was ever expecting to see the "Pizza Face" from Pizza Hut. But, when I was given the opportunity to watch this film, I had to see it. I mean, how much more could it get? The fact that this film is rated "R" in the U.S. and "PG" in Canada is absolutely astonishing. I can't believe anyone in the Canadian film industry would consider this film worthy of being given the "PG rating" for Canadian audiences.  I'm not sure if this film was originally intended to be shown in Canada, but, since it is, there is no way to know. In the U, "Pizzagate" is a conspiracy theory, whereas, in Canada it is a fictional piece of garbage. How is it possible that this movie has both a PG rating and a "R rating"? This film should have never been given the dubious honor of a PG-13 rating. How can anyone have such a ridiculous idea of how "Punch" should be rated?  The "P Pizza Face" is one of the most offensive movies I have ever seen. It is not funny, it is not cute, it doesn't even have any redeeming features, and, worst of all, it actually gives a bad taste to the viewers. I'm sure you all will agree that Pizza Hut is a real pizza place. Why should anyone care about this piece of trash? If you care about anything, this film should be a PG. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a mess and I cannot believe that the people who produced it didn't see the lack of quality in the movie. The story was awful and the acting was awful, the whole thing was just terrible. I just cannot believe how someone could come up with such a terrible script, script quality and script writing. You can tell the script is poorly written by the director because of how the movie looks and feels, and it just feels like an afterthought. There was nothing about the movie to make me want to see it again, and I can't believe that someone would go so far as to put a movie like this out there. I don't think they should have to pay me to watch this movie, and this movie just shows how the people at this production house should not have any respect for a film like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not an unusual movie. It's an average horror movie. There is a few horror movies that are better. But this one is a total failure. There are so many problems, and there is no plot. The story is completely unbelievable. There was a scene where a couple is walking through a woods and a man is holding a knife to their neck. He says, "I'm not killing you, but I will put the knife in your neck if you don't answer me right now." He gets up from the ground and goes to his truck, and drives off into the woods. It gets worse when the woman gets stabbed. The man comes back with a knife and the woman is stabbed and murdered. Then he puts the knife back into the woman's neck and goes back into his truck and leaves again. There's no reason to watch this movie. The director's name was Stephen Zuleki and he made this movie for the TV station.  I gave this movie a 0/10 because it is so unbelievable that it could be anything but a nightmare. If you are looking for a good horror movie, try a movie called "The Haunting", or "The Amityville Horror". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so terrible I had to read the review of the first movie to understand what was going on.  This film is the worst film ever made, ever. It has no idea what it is supposed to be, it just sits in a corner and waits for the viewer to fall into it. I can't believe that there was any film makers who put this together. I don't know what they thought they were doing, but it looks like a bad attempt at a low budget, B-movie horror flick.  It's not a bad film, it's just a terrible one. The acting is terrible, and the directing is very amateurish. The only redeeming quality in this film is that it contains a few nice horror sequences.  I hope that if the movie is ever released, you'll know why they made it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to say whether this movie is worse than the first movie, because it is only a few months older. It has some interesting ideas, but the plot and direction are pretty much useless for a whole movie.  Some of the movie is good, and in the beginning is even enjoyable, but after the first act the movie becomes a slow, incoherent mess.  The acting is pretty bad, even by the standards of bad movies. The main character is awful. The film tries to make up for this by giving the supporting cast more screen time than they are entitled to. The director should really just quit doing this and make a good movie. As it is, the director has the distinction of directing the worst movie ever made, so I think he's got to be a bit of a dick.  I guess it's just too easy to watch this movie, and I guess I just didn't look for the right movie. I give it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was an utter disappointment. It was not worth watching at all, and the only reason I bought it was to see whether it would play on DVD.  The only good thing about this movie is that it has a trailer, but if you see it, be very sure to stay away from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was supposed to be a documentary about the late, great actor, William Powell, Jr. It was supposed be about his childhood and his career as an actor, but it wasn't, and it doesn't even come close. Powell is not good as an actress, and he certainly doesn't make good use of his talent as a comedian or as a movie actor.  The story, like most other biopics, isn't interesting or even very original. It's like a poor attempt at a documentary on an actor who is still alive, and there's no way to know what he was really like as a kid and what he did when he was a teenager and what kind of movie he made when he had time to spare on a low budget.  Powell has nothing to say about his father, and everything to say is negative about his mother. It is basically a story about how Powell's father and mother didn't understand his acting, and they didn't seem to care. I'm sorry to say, but I'm surprised to find that this film exists. Powell Jr. has not done a great job, and his performance is not even remotely believable.  If the producer of this film had paid Powell Jr to do it, then he would have at least made a decent movie. I can understand a bit of desperation for the director, who is trying to make a film about the real life of a famous actor and the real career of a guy who is also famous. I just don't understand why Powell Jr.'s producers and actors want to make this film, and I can't understand the idea that Powell Jr should be paid to do this.  In this case, Powell Jr., was not only an actor (and the story would have been much better if he hadn't been), but he was also a movie star. He should not have to ask his father's permission to use his name, nor should his mother have to request his permission. And he should never have to be asked by anyone for a free film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has the potential to be great if the writing is good, but sadly it was not. The acting was bad and the story was not even remotely interesting. If you can overlook all the problems and the occasional witty one liner it could be a good comedy, but I just can't recommend this movie for anyone who has a heart. If anyone thinks that comedy is a joke, go see a movie about a bear punching a balloon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A poor attempt at a B-movie, the plot, acting, and production were awful. This film would have been much better if it had been a real horror film, which is what it tries to be. The horror in this film was very weak.  It has the same problem I have with the other films made by Wes Craven - a weak plot, terrible acting, horrible direction and directionally.  The script is terrible. The dialogue is bad. The acting was bad. It has no value, but it has enough entertainment value to be considered a B+ movie.   I think the director should have gone to a different film school and not attempt to make a horror film.  If you want a B movie, watch "Halloween 2" or "A Nightmare on Elm Street". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie that's not a movie, but a movie in its own right, this is a very basic piece of work, which is about as far from a good movie as you can get. The story is extremely weak, there's no action, no character development, and no real story. The movie has a ridiculous title (and that's the only reason it was a decent B movie). There's even a guy that looks a little like the Joker in it. This is a shame, as I'd love to see a more mature Batman in the future. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to be entertained, then read the book. I read it, and then I watched it. Not once did I laugh, not once did it make me feel any good.  The writing is so bad, the actors are so awful, and the script was so flat and unbelievable that it would have made more sense to read the books rather than watch the movie. The acting was so bad that it made the book a bit boring.  I wish the director would have gone to the book and read it rather than trying to do the movie he made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  The acting is terrible. The only thing I like about this movie is the fact that it is a horror film. It has no suspense or horror or anything.  It is a boring, uninspired, poorly acted, and downright stupid movie.  This movie is about an actor (Rory Kinnear) who is an actor who is supposed to be in the movies, who has had an affair with a woman who he thinks is a prostitute.  A movie that should have been made in the 90's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a decent amount of action in the movie, but it was all way too boring. I can't believe they didn't use any of the original TV show's themes. The movie could have been a decent action flick if it was just a little more exciting and had some of the classic TV show humor that made "Fargo" great. The film didn't have a single memorable joke or line.  It was so bland and unoriginal, I can only assume it was meant to be a spoof or to have a few moments to add to the movie. But since it was so boring, I would have given it an 8 out of 10. I found the movie to be so predictable, that even if I knew what was going to happen, I probably wouldn't have guessed it. The action scenes were the worst of all. The only funny one was the scene where a bad guy was caught on a ski lift and shot. The actors couldn't seem to find the right tone for the scene, so they just laughed at the situation. I don't know if they could have made it any funnier, but they definitely could have done a better job of it. I give it a 1 out of a 10, and I wouldn't even have considered it a 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the first few minutes of the movie I couldn't figure out what was happening. It seemed to be some kind of sci-fi, but the plot and the dialog were so shallow and not worth my time to follow along. I mean it's not like I was expecting anything to be exciting, but I didn't really care.  After a few minutes the film started to get interesting. Then the first mistake was made and it started to become repetitive and boring. I don't know why it was so predictable, I just thought it would be easier to understand if they explained everything from beginning to end. Then it started getting worse and worse until I was ready to give up. I'm sure that most people would say that this is an overrated movie.  I don' have any idea what happened to this movie, but it seems like the writers were tired and didn't care to do much with the plot or the actors. If you're interested in watching this movie and it doesn't interest you I suggest that you don't watch it. The movie is just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of the movie is very similar to the first film of the original TV series, but in the movie it is very different, and worse, since it has been totally ignored by the critics. What the movie lacks is the sense of danger, and the excitement.  As for the story itself, there is nothing worth mentioning. The plot is simply an endless series of lies, made up of lies. There are no surprises and no character development. And the movie can only be described as a disappointment because the script is so badly written. It should have been better, and in a good movie, the director should have had the courage to try something more original. This movie is a disappointment to anyone who is looking for a new series, which will most likely turn out to be an even worse disappointment than the TV series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst remake of "The Birds" I've ever seen. It is just awful, and the actors are awful. The movie is not well directed, and neither is the music. This is a movie that should be avoided at all costs. If you're going to watch it, go with a friend who isn't going to get it, or better yet, have someone else watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when I was 13 years old. I was really expecting some great comedy, but instead it was a very boring story line, and the characters were not believable. I thought the story line was about a young boy who was being bullied by his classmates. The problem is that there was no story line in the movie, just some of the students. The only thing that I liked was the girl in the group who had the most talent.  I was so disappointed in the acting. There were some funny moments, but the plot was not really interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie looks like it was made in an early eighties but the script was so bad and the direction so terrible.  One thing that bothered me the most was that the female lead in the movie was so beautiful and the male lead was so dull and stupid. The movie was just so lame and it was so obvious that they made this movie for people to see and not for children. I was watching this movie in a theatre and the entire time it was playing I kept looking at the TV with the volume off. It was like I was sitting there waiting for it to end.  I could watch this movie on TV with subtitles and I would find it just as boring as the movie itself but this movie was horrible.  The only redeeming feature of this movie is that it was not a comedy. It had some really gross parts and I thought the plot was not all that well thought out.  All in all, a bad B movie that I would recommend skipping over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so slow, boring, and unimpressive that I was afraid I was about to see a movie I'd seen somewhere else. It is an insult to anyone who actually likes a movie to be so slow and boring. It's a film with a weak plot, an awful script, and a script that has no idea what the film is supposed to be about. This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The music was just as uninspired as the rest of the movie. The actors did not have anything to say about the story, and even the best directors would never come up with something this bad. I'm guessing the reason the movie was so slow is that the director is incapable of directing anything, and because he was hired to work on a film that was supposed to have a strong plot. The ending was not satisfactory, and I'm sorry to say I had no idea who the characters were, because the story never developed.  I can only give this movie 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad. The acting is horrible, the plot is bad, and it is very obvious that there was no story. I thought that this was going to be a great movie when it came out, and I was hoping that the director had some sort of story in mind, but the script was so bad and the actors so inept that I just assumed that the movie was going be made for the purpose of providing the audience with a great, entertaining film. However, I was wrong. This movie was terrible. I think that it is because of a combination of the actors, the director, and the director's friends that this movie turned out so bad that it has ruined the careers of a few of the greats of the Hollywood comedy scene. The plot is so stupid and the acting so awful that it actually turned a bunch of us into lifelong cynics. I'm not really sure how to explain it, but it seems that when people try to make movies that are interesting or funny, they don't care about the people involved and the movie ends up being a total waste of time. It was so, so boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director tries to show the world the true nature of the war between two nations by showing the horrors of a real war in a way that a "modern" audience cannot understand.  He shows the soldiers with weapons and armor. He shows them wearing uniforms. He has them fire at one another and at civilians. He does all of it without any sense of restraint.  This is just another cheap movie about the horrors and loss of life that have taken place on the battlefields of WWII. I did not understand a single word that was spoken in the movie. This movie is just as awful as the first movie, except that it is worse.  There are no characters to care about. There is no reason to care if you are killed or hurt. This is not a documentary about the "Greatest Generation". It is a cheap excuse to make the world pay for the war by showing it on screen. It is not even a documentary in the sense that the first one was. It simply takes a page from "Lone Survivor" by making it a horror movie about a killer and how he kills people. It does not care if people are hurt or killed. It just tries to scare the audience with the sheer horror that the "American way" has to offer.  I saw a movie called "A Nightmare on Elm Street". That movie is a lot scarier than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was made in the early days of the American Horror Film movement, and was a direct response to the film industry's lack of respect for horror. It seemed like a good idea to make a film that was an homage to some of the best horror films of all time, and in fact, this film was a kind of sequel to "The Shining" (1971) - the story is basically the same, except the setting is a college in the 1970s, and the characters are a bunch of average college students.  The idea was to make an homage film, but the movie just feels really flat, and there are way too many references that would have been much better left out if it wasn't for the fact that this film is about a killer who is a high school student, and that he is killed by a group of students in a ritualistic ritualistic way. And this isn't even the first time that this kind of thing has been shown - there was a film about a highschool student who killed his parents in a bizarre ritualistic murder way, and it was released in 2008.  In fact, "The Monster" is only the first film to have been released in theaters in 2014 that was based on a ritual murder plot, and even then, the film didn't even have the courage to include an ending, which is how "The Killing Season" ended up being such a cult hit.  This isn't the worst film I've ever seen, but it's probably the worst movie I've seen in a long time. I just don't understand how anyone thought this was a good movie to be released in the U.S. - it's basically an endless montage of actors playing characters, and when there's a killer on the loose, you just know he'll be killing a bunch more people, and you'll never know when or if he'll stop. The movie's story and characters were so dull, that I think I might have enjoyed it more if I had seen it in its original version. It's just not scary at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've heard that this is a "mature" film by the director, George C. Scott. That is not true. I thought it was a total waste of money. I wish that I had known how to use the remote control to get out of my seat and leave the theater. I think that the director should have made a different film.  The actors were very bland and I found myself watching the story line after story line just to get the next scene to end. I'm a director myself and I know how to get an audience to care about a movie, and the actors in this movie just didn't seem to care. It's just not worth it to me. The special effects looked like they were done by a 7 year old who had been bored out of his mind for two hours. The score was very poor, and I just felt that the story was completely uninteresting.  My suggestion to the director is to go on the Internet and find some other people who enjoy this film and make a movie that is more entertaining. The fact that I saw this movie after seeing so many other horror movies proves that the horror genre is a complete waste of time. If you want to see a horror film that is entertaining, you will want to look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that just does not make sense. And the reason why the movie makes no sense is because it is written so poorly. And I mean really badly. The movie is a waste of time and I hope that someone will take it upon themselves to take it off their shelves.  But if you are a horror fan and do not care about the movie, then I would recommend you leave this movie alone. You have seen worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so bad it made me wonder if anyone in the cast had a problem with the movie. This movie was the complete opposite of what I expected from this movie. The plot was predictable and the acting was terrible. There were several scenes that made no sense. There was no plot at all. The characters were not believable. And worst of all, the movie made no effort to look as beautiful as it can. It looks like a trailer for a bad B movie. I can only conclude that the director just thought the movie would be more entertaining if the characters were looking so pretty that it was almost unbearable. There are no redeeming features about this film. The music was a terrible fit for a film. There is no humor in this film, and there was absolutely no emotion. I'm not a big fan of movies where characters just get so much of the story that they don't have to do anything else. There isn't a single moment in this movie that is worth talking about. I give this movie an 8. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen a lot of bad movies, and I've watched all of them with a smile on my face.  The first time I saw this, I laughed, and laughed. Then I watched it again, and it made me laugh, and still made me smile. But, then I watched the third time, and watched it to the end, and then it made a big mess of my mind, and the only thing that kept me from getting it off my TV was when I was watching the DVD on DVD, and was so upset with it that I did not want to watch the whole movie, because it was so horrible that I wanted to burn it.  This movie was so bad, that it made my blood boil.  But then, I watched this movie twice more, and got the same result each time.   What really got me was the fact that it was rated "R" and "X". It's not possible for a movie to be rated R without being stupid. But it gets worse every time you see it. It was rated as an "R". It was so stupid, that I'm amazed anyone rated it. If you are going to see this movie, at least get a copy of a good movie: "Parks and Recreation". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I have never seen anything that has made me not want to see it again. The acting is so bad that you can barely make out the character's facial expressions and it's just so awful. The story is so predictable and has no real twists or surprises. I would never recommend this movie to anyone. If you want to watch a bad film, watch "The Return of the Living Dead". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really awful. The acting is terrible, the plot is a complete clusterfuck and the acting is the worst of all. I just found the whole thing so incredibly annoying that I just couldn't take it. I felt like I was watching a series of scenes with a slow-moving, over-acting director and not even realizing it.  The movie is about a man (Eddie Riggs) who has just lost everything to his girlfriend (Elizabeth Perkins), but he decides to take the life back and be with her. Unfortunately, the story is so slow and incoherent that I lost interest in it after the first few minutes. And it doesn't even end. It never even gets to the end.  In the end, Eddie ends up having to take out a hit on a gangster (David Naughton) because of his relationship with Elizabeth Perkins, and he's in the hospital, where he's being treated for a gunshot wound. Eddie is so traumatized that he decides that he has to kill his father because he's the one who caused Eddie's father's death. However, he ends up taking his father's gun (which is his grandfather's) and shoots his father, and then shoots himself in the head, and the movie ends with Eddie's grandfather and Eddie's mother talking about what happened to Eddie.  It's just so, so awful. Eddie doesn't make sense, his acting is just so bad, and it's just not worth watching, because you'll just get bored of it. And the movie has one really stupid scene.  And, of course, Eddie has to get a job. So, the movie gets about half way through, and Eddie starts having a really bad day. And Eddie, in his final moments, he tells his mother that he's gonna kill himself, and that's when the movie turns into one of those wacky comedies with a bunch of jokes that just make you want to scream in disgust. And then Eddie gets to work. And I just think that this movie could have been better had it been made into a low budget independent film. And that would have made the whole ordeal that much more bearable.   And the ending is the absolute worst.  So, if you're looking for a bad, not very funny movie, look no further. I wouldn't recommend this movie at all, because it's a complete disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was interesting, but the acting was not. I think the movie should have stayed in the same vein as the other "bad movies" of this genre (the kind of movies where people are just killing each other) and never got to the climax. But they did anyway. The idea was to create a really, really horrible horror flick, but there was no horror in the movie. The story is pretty typical for a horror movie where the hero has to fight to survive the horror. The only horror that was worth seeing was when the guy came out of a closet and attacked the girl. But I'm pretty sure that most people who saw this movie didn't care much about the actual movie. They just wanted to see the movie because it was so bad. It really is one of those "waste of time" type of movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the success of "The Shining" (1980) and "Escape from New York" (1981), director John Carpenter's next attempt at a horror film was "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari". The premise was that a mad scientist is experimenting on human beings, and somehow, through some kind of "scientific accident" he has turned the human body into an organic being. The idea is that if the body can be turned into an intelligent being, it will have the power to destroy the human race.  In the opening scene, the human protagonist, Jack, is being held prisoner by a gang of thugs. Jack manages to escape and is hunted by the gang, with a few of the local citizens helping him on the hunt.  The movie starts with a scene in which Jack is being tortured, and the gang is getting away with murder. A flashback is shown, showing the brutal murder of a prostitute, and Jack being put into a tank. The gang takes Jack into a small room, where the gang rapes him.  As the gang makes their escape, Jack is dragged across a frozen river by a pack of wolves, and then falls into a deep dark cave. The film ends with a shot of Jack and his rescuer being attacked by the wolves.   The first three scenes are completely pointless. Jack is shown getting stabbed, being tortured and being killed by a group of humans. The only thing that actually gets us any closer to the "accident" is the gang kidnapping a couple and torturing them in the dark cave where Jack is kept.  There is no plot, no character development and the film just gets worse and worse.  I give this a 2/10 because it isn't a horror movie. The special effects are poor, and there are only 3 minutes of real horror in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Pretension", a French/French Canadian film that is basically a romanticised version of a French movie called "Prey", is one of the worst films ever made. It is so shallow and uninteresting that I actually forgot that I was watching it and when I started looking at the reviews on the internet I found it a waste of time. It has nothing to do with the original French/Canadian movie, it is simply a cheap, made in France/Canada, "French" made by a studio in the US.  If you want to see a French "French/French" film, don't bother. If you see a great movie, go see "Prestige", "The Artist", "Tlphane", "Mdion", "Les Amours", "Au Revoir Les Amours" and other French/European films that have a lot more substance.  "Preference", a film that was so bad that even the actors in it did not know how bad it was. I guess it was so popular that it had to be shown in English. I watched it on a video tape, and the only thing that I can say for it is that it was a waste to waste time watching this thing. It made me angry and angry again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was a waste of time, but the director thought otherwise and was so desperate to create a drama that he spent all of the money he made on this film on some of the most boring scenes ever. I would have been more willing to spend more money on this movie had it not been for the fact that the actors and actresses couldn't act. The only good thing about this film is that the title character has a few lines and a few other scenes. I don't know how he got the title, but he may have been named after his character in the novel and the story line that follows. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is just an awful excuse to get an hour of screen time. The plot is completely ridiculous and the actors are bad. And to top it all off the whole movie is just one giant piece of garbage. The entire premise is that a gang of thugs have stolen a boat and are planning to murder all the pirates. The pirates are also responsible for the murder of the crew's captain and his mate.  It's like the characters have a mental disorder, one that's only worsened by the fact that they are all speaking gibberish. There are only three main characters in the film and they're only vaguely described. The other crew members are just walking around aimlessly with no real motivation and the characters themselves are so far away from the plot that I didn't even know who they were or what they were doing there. The story is so stupid that I thought the film was being directed by a kid with an English accent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to review a bad film. You're expected to be entertained by the concept and the script, but you won't care much for the actual act.   This film is just as bad as most other "WTF" films, but that's not the worst thing about it. It just makes you wonder how much worse it could have been.  The only thing that saved it from being a complete dud was the music. The music was awful and the film was awful, but the music made the film better. It was a nice addition to the film, but I didn't care for it at all. I would have to rate this film below "B" level. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is a very short, very slow, very tedious and very poorly acted. I have never liked movies like this, but this one was one of the worst. I was bored to death from the beginning. And I have to say that the cast was OK but not the best. I think I was more interested in the premise and the script, rather than the actors. I don't blame anyone for having bad movie. There are so many movies out there that are better.  The only good thing about this film is the ending, which is very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just a sad attempt at making a low budget film look better. There are some interesting ideas, but nothing to make it worth the effort of watching. It is very much the type of film where there are some nice things in it, but not enough to make the movie worth watching. I would give it a 1/10.  I would recommend it only if you want to see the worst of the worst in horror films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was surprised to see that I have been watching this movie since the end of the 70s. It was a waste of my time. This movie was made in the early days of the movie industry when films were less than 10 minutes. I was expecting a masterpiece. Instead, I was subjected to a bunch of lame jokes and lame action scenes. The only thing I liked was the voice of the "actor" (Roddy McDowall). He is one of the worst actors ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I'm not sure why I watched this. I thought it would be a funny comedy, but it just seemed to go on and on about nothing. The acting was pretty bad, I mean the acting was awful! I didn't really care, but I thought the plot was pretty shallow. I just felt like the whole thing was going on for no reason. I don't know why this movie was made, but maybe it's just because it was made in England? I'm pretty sure it wasn't made in America. This movie was so terrible that I'd love to see it made again, but there's no way that I'll see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just an average attempt at being a horror movie. No surprise, this is a genre that isn't exactly known for being good. However, this movie does have its own distinct charm, and a lot of the time, you'll think it's a real movie, when it isn't.   There's no way to watch this without having a headache, because the plot is completely devoid of anything that would be considered interesting. And then the ending is an absolute disappointment.  If you're looking for something more than a cheap thrill, I would suggest to go to a horror-themed movie-night, and then leave this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a bit confusing and the acting is bad, but this is probably the most boring movie I've seen in a long time. The whole thing has been made up of the following story, in chronological order. First the evil mastermind and his henchmen plan to rob a bank. Then the bank manager, played by Peter O'Toole (the lead actor in the "Lunch Money") is killed and the bank's money is stolen. This leads the bank to be robbed, then the bank is taken over by an evil dictator, played in the movie by the aforementioned "Kurt Russell", who is really the villain. However, the bank has been robbed by a group of soldiers who are also called in by the bank for protection. However they are not allowed to enter the bank until they have all been informed of the robbery, and then are to wait for a time when they can enter to find out if their money has been taken. It seems that this plan is to rob the bank again after the soldiers have already entered the bank.  However, something goes wrong and the soldiers get shot at and are killed, then get killed again, then they enter the building and they get killed there, then are killed again.  The bank manager is dead, and the money stolen. All of which has been the plan. The movie is a complete cluster of clichs, and even the bank robbery plot line is really stupid.  All in all, I think this movie is just about the worst thing I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A strange movie where the main character is a really creepy and disgusting psychopath. All the "characters" are completely useless. The whole movie seems to be about a serial killer who goes into a haunted house and kills people and then kills again.  The killer seems to have no personality or even a personality, only a hunger for blood.  If this is the case, then I really don't understand how you people even get to make movies like this. This film makes no sense at all. The story is totally unbelievable, the acting is awful, the soundtrack is terrible, and the editing is awful.  A total waste of time. I give this one a zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this movie was made. I was expecting a masterpiece. The acting is terrible. It looks like the people are supposed to be actors. The movie starts off slow, then becomes boring and pointless. The only good thing about it was that I found the movie's plot interesting.  I'm giving this movie 2 out of 10. I can only rate it 2 out 10 because of the low rating. The plot could have been so much better. The people in the movie could have acted much better, and the story would have been more interesting. I don't recommend this movie to anyone, except if you want to waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Shall We Dance" is an utterly awful movie. The story and characters were predictable, the acting was predictable, and the special effects were predictable.  I don't care what the movie was trying to do; it wasn't. I would have been better off if the movie had been a comedy, because that would have had more chance of being funny. The movie had no real heart. It had no sense of humor. It didn't have any real emotion. I didn't care that the character had died at the end, because I was so bored that I didnt care about it anymore.  If I had been the character in the movie, I would still be dead. If I were a movie reviewer, I'd have written a negative opinion about a movie: "Worst Movie Ever." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. It is a complete waste of time and it does not make up for the fact that it has one of the worst acting in the history of movies. I know it's a small part of a big film, but I just did not like the fact they used a child actor for the main role.  Also, there is no sound. If there is a sound, please turn it off! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is really not even worth talking about. There is nothing to say. I can't believe the writers of this film don't know the difference between a short movie and a feature film. I think the movie has no story, but does have some decent effects. The only good part of this movie is the music. The soundtrack is terrible.  I know that the director is probably just looking for a way to make a little extra cash, but he should stick to his previous films instead of trying to make this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that this movie should have been called "Cajun" instead. The way they portrayed the Cajun culture was very poor. It was not very interesting. In the beginning of the movie, the movie starts to build up and build up with the main characters and then, suddenly, the scene cuts away. This is how they portrayed Cajuns in the movie.  There is no reason why this movie was made and I think it should have never been made.  It was awful. The director, Eric Lomax, did a terrible job in directing this movie. The acting was pretty weak. The soundtrack was terrible. It sounds like a kid screaming in the middle of a crowded room.  I do not recommend watching this movie because I don't think that it will help anyone. However, if you do, I recommend that you not watch it at work. You will regret it after you finish watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't even begin to explain how bad this movie was. Not a single joke in this movie made sense at all. The entire cast was horrible (though, to be fair, they were good actors) and the story was so bad, I couldn't believe it was a film.  The acting was so atrocious, that it wasn't even funny anymore, but I don't care. The story was, as a whole, just so boring.  I cannot recommend this film to anyone. I just wanted to find out why it was so terrible. If you want to see an over the top action flick, watch the Fast and the Furious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I'm embarrassed for myself for having been involved in this production. I'm not even joking when I say this. I can't believe how this thing got made. What the hell was the producer thinking? This movie should have never been made. The acting is so poorly done and the story was so awful I can only imagine how the actors felt. The story is so unbelievable it made me want to cry.  If you see this movie, do yourself a favor and stay away. Don't waste your time on it. The actors are so bad they'll make you want to punch your TV. This film is so terrible it's a shame that the production company was willing to make it. This is a low budget film that should not have been made and should not be released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole thing just seemed to drag out the way it was supposed to. The actors didn't seem to be able to do much except for the final fight scene, which was very much like the first half of "The Warriors". I was very disappointed that the film was so far removed from the source material.  I didn't like the "pregame" scenes in the first act (which were probably better than the actual movie version). The actors were way too stiff and it was just not believable to me that anyone could fight without taking a beating. The acting was pretty bad, and it wasn't very funny. I wasn't even able to get through the first quarter of the movie without laughing my ass off. The "second act" was just a mess. I would have to say that the movie has nothing to recommend it, and I don't understand how it was made. I guess the whole thing was just wasted. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the entire movie twice, and each time, I felt more sick after watching it. It's just not funny at all. If you see the first time, don't watch it, but if you want to see it again, go ahead. The only thing I can say for this is that it's a really bad movie. I would have given it a 3/10, but it was so stupid that I gave it a 1/10.  The main problem with the movie is that the movie was poorly-acted by all the actors. All the other actors were okay, but the one-liners and dialogs were so bad that it was unbearable to listen to. It just seemed like they didn't know what they were doing.  I'm sure it's funny that the main character says, "The movie is about a guy who goes around trying to save his girlfriend from a murderer and ends up getting killed by a killer!"  But I'm just glad I got my money back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just awful. I thought it was about 15 minutes long but I'm guessing it could have been much longer. The acting was terrible. They all acted like they knew each other, but no one really seemed to know each other's names. It was just so awkward. I don't know why they decided to make this into a feature film. I mean, why not just make a straight up horror movie? It's so hard to write a horror movie and this one just isn't it. It just isn''t scary. It's just boring. It didn't have much in the way of suspense. I didn't think I would enjoy it at all, but I ended up getting very bored watching it. The plot was so weak. I can't believe that they decided that this was going to be a feature-length movie. I really don't think they gave any thought to how they were going to make it interesting. It would have been better if they made a feature length movie that was at least a little bit scary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was a good idea, but I found myself laughing my ass off for about 30 minutes. I just couldn't take it. It was just too unbelievable. I can't believe that this is how people are viewing this movie.  The acting was horrible. There were only 2 characters worth speaking to. They were just so boring and uninspiring. This was the worst movie I have ever seen. I would love to see a movie where all the actors are a big part of the movie. You can see how they actually made this movie and how much it cost. I don't think anyone who made this should ever work in movies again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen and loved the first four of the series, so it was a surprise to see the sixth, and to find that this was the last film. I really hoped that the sixth film would improve the series' reputation, but alas, it doesn't. In fact, it's even worse than the sixth movie! The acting was bad, and the direction was bad. I think this is the only horror movie I've ever seen where the director is so bad that the director of the other movies has said that he would give the director a lower rating if the other director was better. The acting should have been better, the direction should have better. This was a very, very bad horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A mediocre horror movie that contains absolutely nothing to offer. The movie opens with a quick, but extremely disappointing, and rather obvious plot twist. The only reason this movie is even listed as a horror film is that it's actually a horror movie starring some of the stars from Scream.  After a rather short amount of time, it is clear that this movie was never intended to be a horror flick. It's nothing but an over the top, poorly done, and completely pointless film. The acting is terrible, the editing is bad, and the premise is just plain stupid. It was an absolute waste of everyone's time.  I give this movie 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was so badly directed, that it seemed like the writers didn't have much idea how to make movies or the actors didn't know how to act, so they just went for a predictable style of acting that would be easy to imitate.  The main problem was the plot, which didn't make any sense and didn't even make sense for a long time. The movie is not a comedy but a drama, but the movie was very predictable. The whole movie was a mess. And even when you laughed, it was not very funny. The actors were horrible. There was no comedy in this movie, and the movie wasn't even funny at all.  In the end, it only ended up being a bad comedy, because the script was so poorly written. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very poor film. It's almost impossible to believe that a film like this could be made.  The story was predictable and the script was awful.  Even the actors, who were all very good in their other movies, were underwhelming.  I am amazed that this film even got made, because the acting is so awful. You really have to be a very thick-headed person to watch this film, because it makes absolutely no sense. The plot is so convoluted that you'll be bored if you're not. The acting is a little better, but still not very good. The whole movie is very, very boring.  This film is the worst of the bunch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when it was first released in the theaters in 1994. It was very disappointing to me because the director was a well known actor and a director of a great number of movies. But this one fell way short. It has a bad script, boring story, and terrible acting. It's an interesting premise but the director failed to pull it off. This is a movie with little more than a plot, the script is terrible, and the actors are terrible. The movie is basically just an old man talking to a little girl who is apparently bored.  There is one really nice scene in this movie, but there is absolutely nothing else to make the movie worthwhile. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most unbelievable low-budget horror movie I've ever seen. The plot is so poorly thought out that I laughed from start to finish. And the acting was so bad that I actually started to feel sorry for the actors and actresses involved. I really think this movie was made to scare the hell out of people and to sell more copies of this rubbish to distributors.  The acting was poor in all of the actors. I think there was only one actor who did a good job of playing a creepy villain and that was Ed Robertson. It is sad that this movie has to exist and we have to sit through it just to watch some actors getting beaten up in a bad film.  I think the producers of this movie should be ashamed of themselves. It was just a total waste of money. I want to say that I hope they don't make another horror film since I'm sure this one is a total failure. I just wish that someone would show a real horror movie instead. This movie isn't even worth $2.99. I'm going to keep my copy of this one to my computer for when I'm bored and want to see something to laugh at. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that got me through this film was the fact that the only thing the director had to go on was the words. The actors had no lines, the story itself wasn't much, and the acting was as shallow as a shallow bucket of water. The story was predictable and dull, the cinematography was horrible, the direction was flat and boring, the sound was bad and the voice acting was terrible. The whole thing was a train wreck of a mess. The script and direction were terrible, and it was obvious that the director was trying to do too much with too little.  I wouldn't recommend this film to anyone. The film is so bad that I wouldn in all honesty recommend skipping it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad I don't know what to say about it, but the acting was awful. I thought the movie was about a girl who's sister was murdered by the girl's boyfriend, but was told that it wasn't really. The girl's mother had gone missing a while ago, and when the movie starts, the sister's mother was killed by a man who killed his sister's boyfriend. This movie has no story, and no reason to even show a picture of the brother, sister, or boyfriend.  I have seen a lot of movies with a great script, but this movie was just a mess. It was a shame to see the acting so bad, and I'm sure the director never even bothered to read the book that this movie is based on. I hope the director gets punished severely for making this film, because I really don't think there is any story here. I can't believe they did this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this movie is about as real as a nightmare. It's about a man who kills a bunch of people, and who then goes back to his hometown to find out why the people there think he's crazy. What the movie tries to do is make it seem like the killer is mentally ill. If you've seen that movie or any of the other "The Silence Of The Lambs" movies, you'll notice that the killer here isn't crazy.  The film has no plot. It has no suspense, and there's no point of interest. It makes no sense at all. The only reason that the story makes sense is that the audience is allowed to see that he's not insane, because he has his own house and the people of his town think that he might be insane.  It's a waste of time, and you should probably avoid it if you're in the mood for some low-budget horror. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a good movie, but there are good bits in it, like a good episode of The Simpsons, but that doesn't excuse the fact that it's a really bad movie. I think there is a movie out there that has a better story, and is more funny. I don't know if it's the director, the actors, or the scriptwriter, but I think it's going to be a long time before anyone has the courage to make a movie that is actually funny. It's also got a terrible ending, and the script is very, very poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of this movie, we are shown a very long scene of a guy getting a haircut, and then a woman shows up, and says that the movie is about a guy and a girl who fall in love, and that the couple will live together.  The girl is called "the girlfriend" and the guy is called a "the boyfriend". The movie then cuts to a montage where the two people are supposed to have sex, but it's too much of a mess and not interesting.  Then we see them getting married, and the girl is killed off, but the guy and the other girl survive. I thought the movie was awful and not worth watching. I'd give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The concept for this movie was interesting. The characters were flat, the story had no momentum, and the story could have been interesting, if there was more energy in the movie. The ending was weak. The acting was so-so. The plot didn't work.  This movie was nothing but a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so far removed from the source material that it's just not even worth reviewing. It looks like it was made with a video camera and was then handed off to a TV crew. The script is painfully obvious, and the acting is a far cry from what we saw in the source.  And this isn't the only movie where I found myself getting a bad feeling after watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that makes me angry and that I just cannot understand. It is not a good movie. I don't understand why people are so stupid to make it. The actors look stupid, the story doesn't make sense and there is absolutely nothing funny about it. And it's a waste of time. The only good thing about this movie is that it's very low budget, and I would be happy if it would be released in some form. But, even if it does go on TV, I just don't know how to find it. I mean, it would just have to be somewhere in the world. The DVD cover doesn't really say where it is from, so I would assume that it is a DVD from somewhere in Australia. I can't wait to hear what kind of rating it has. If I get it, I will write a negative negative review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an interesting story of a girl who's mom and dad die.  Her older sister and brother try to make the best of their situation, but then things get more and more bizarre. The problem is that the director/screenwriter/writer-producer, has made the movie out of thin air. In the original book and the movie version, the movie starts out with the sister's sister (played by a young woman named Annette Tandoor) and the brother (played, of course, by the older brother's father, played by a man named Edmond Dantes).  The movie version does not even try to give the sister some credit or even mention her. The sister is a girl in a wheelchair, and the sister is in love with the brother. In fact, the brother is a "bimbo" or a "tomboy", which is the most boring word in the English language.  The brother's sister wants to get rid of him because he's such a bad father figure. She even has an affair with the guy in the brother's bedroom. She wants to go back to her sister and his father and ask for their forgiveness. The brother (or perhaps the brother and sister are the same person) tries to kill the sister with a shotgun. The gun accidentally kills her father. The movie ends with the same ending as the book, with the old sister (Tandoor's sister) and her brother (Dantes) still alive and the other sister (Sandra) dead.  This movie is not even an interesting movie. It's an excuse for the director to make a very, very uninteresting movie.  It's not a horror movie, it's a cheap horror movie. This movie has a very low budget and very low actors, and is very slow paced. It makes you feel bored and frustrated.  I would not watch this movie if I was a kid or if I were in a movie theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was the worst I've seen in a long time. From beginning to end the story seemed to be about a bunch of people being killed in an explosion. It felt like every scene was either completely unrelated or the main character is somehow a member of the gang that is killing off the people. There was a whole lot of "hoo hoo" but not much actual horror. There are better movies out there but this one has to be a first.  The acting was poor, the plot was too convoluted and the ending was pretty lame. I'm not sure what the point was with the "wedding" scenes. They didn't even make the audience feel like they were watching the wedding (I've seen them before in a lot of movies). They could have left it at the beginning.  If you want to see an incoherent mess then this is probably not for you. If you can look past the terrible story, look at the beautiful actors and get a decent movie going, I would recommend a good movie: this movie sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was like a bad version of "The X Files". There were lots of creepy shots and it was just boring to watch. It is definitely not a thriller, but it is a bit like "A Nightmare on Elm Street". You have to watch the credits before you can get into the movie, and the only reason I am posting this review is because I just want to tell everyone what a terrible movie this is. It made the "X Files" look like a great movie, a low budget horror thriller, and a bit of an urban legend.  The story was just ridiculous, the acting was bad and the directing was not so good. I can't believe anyone watched this. I saw this when I was 13 and it scared me to death, and I think I saw it in the movie section of "DHS".   I think that this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen, and that includes the "The Blair Witch Project". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seems like this show could have been better suited to a horror movie, like, say, "Slaughterhouse-Five." But that would mean taking out the "slaughter" and the "house," and all that fun gore. I just felt like they were trying to make the horror of this movie seem more believable.  It's like a horror film where the killers just got bored and started playing with a little bit of gore. Or something like that.  I think the producers should have taken a look at "Slayer" and "Beneath the Skin," which were both pretty good.  This show really is just a bunch of actors playing horror, and the only reason I watched it is because I was trying to watch something else, but this is an absolute waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film at the local "Cinema Club" on a Saturday night. The whole film was nothing but a bunch of lame slapstick and cheesy gags, the acting was just OK, the soundtrack was a terrible, one-sided music piece that sounded like something out of the "Willy Wonka" film. The only redeeming aspect of the film was that it was filmed in a studio and was very cheaply made.  I don't recommend this film for anyone who likes to watch slapstick. It was definitely made for teenagers, who are likely to have a lot of time on their hands to watch movies on the big screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film, though made in 2001, feels dated. The acting is mediocre and the script is so bad that it doesn't even make sense. It's just one of those things that are so predictable, it's as if you just took the script off a computer file and read it out of a book. I think the plot is somewhat understandable, but the ending leaves you with a feeling of disappointment that you were expecting something much better.  There's no mystery, no action, nothing that really goes anywhere. All of the scenes feel like a waste of time.  This is not a film that you will want to watch in a crowded movie theater because it will leave you feeling empty and unsatisfied. I would advise you to look at this movie with no expectations or expectations. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting an original film from "Buffy" to come out this year. I thought it would be fun, but "Sleepless in Seattle" was just plain bad. It wasn't even funny, it just had that old "I can't take it anymore!" feeling to it. I've never seen a bad Buffy film before. I just can't stand the way the cast turned into their characters. I have seen a few bad Buffy movies in my life, but this one was by far the worst I've ever seen. It was so predictable and predictable it was a chore to watch. And even if it wasn't, it wouldn't have made any sense. This is one of the worst things I've seen. I know it's supposed to be about a teenage vampire, but it's not even funny when they turn into vampires. It's just bad. If they were going to do a vampire/slayer-inspired film, I would have expected it to be a lot better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film itself is a bit like a Disney Channel video game. There are so many cut scenes that are pointless and the plot is so poorly conceived. The main character is a pretty boring, unlikable guy. It's a shame that the story and animation were so poorly done. I can't recommend this film, but I can at least say that I wish they had made the movie as a stand-alone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is nothing more than a waste of time and money. There are so many things wrong with this movie that it hurts. Why did this studio allow this film to be made and when was the last time anyone saw a "BORING" film? No one ever sees a film that has a 10 out of 10 rating.  It is so obvious how poor the script is. The story is very boring. Every character in the film is so stupid that the whole film is a waste.  The acting is awful. I don't care how old the actors are, this film is terrible. I was really angry when I watched it because it made me want to throw it out and take it to the garbage can. This film would be fine if it had a good script. It does not have a good plot. I am not even sure how a script could have been made without a complete waste of the actors.  This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The only reason I give it a 4 out of ten is because it was fun to watch. However, the plot does not interest me much. I think the script needs a rewrite.  I am sorry for the actors but I will never see a bad film again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few days ago I was going through my old video collection and I found this movie in it. It was the only one I had that was not rated. This movie was an absolute disappointment, it was so awful, I had no idea what was going on.  First of all, I must say that I am a huge fan of the movie "The Longest Yard" which was released in 1993. I watched that movie over 1000 times and I still have not gotten over the disappointment. I can't believe that this movie is actually considered a classic. I think it was just plain terrible, I have no idea how this thing got rated.  Now that I've had the chance to see this movie, I realize that the movie itself was not bad, I just thought that it was over the top and really made no sense. There were some really funny moments but I was just very disappointed in the movie.  It was not funny at all, just very pointless. I did not like the fact that there was no time for anything and I thought it was really odd that this thing was actually rated. The acting was not good, and I did think it looked like a real movie. The ending was really weak, and the whole movie was just really bad. It looked like something that was made for a quick video, not something that should be in a movie theater. If you see this thing in the video shop, you will get your money back but you will never ever get over the fact of watching it. I really hope that it is finally taken off the video store shelves and never goes on to be seen on DVD.  The movie did have some funny moments, but there was too much filler, and it just made no money, it is basically a waste of your time.  I think I would have rated this movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie had little to do with what was actually happening in the story and the acting was a joke. This is the first time I've ever seen an actor give zero effort and fail to even make any kind of sense of what they're doing.  It was so bad that even the trailers weren't good enough to actually capture the full lack of effort that this film was putting into it. The acting was so unbelievable that I was almost expecting a really cheesy, low budget version of "The Terminator". The movie should have been renamed "Shovel Down" because that's what it was! It was the worst attempt at an action movie ever. The only redeeming feature was the fact that there was a really cool, well-acted scene where a bunch of baddies (who looked like the cast of "Scary Movie" played by Mark Wahlberg and Jeff Bridges) attacked the villain and they managed to kill him, but we couldn't see that because the film ran too long.   I'm sorry, but I can't recommend this movie. I'm just glad that it was so stupid, because otherwise I would have had to give up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad it made me wonder if it was made in an episode of the show. All the actors had bad accents, the movie was about the same length as an episode. The only reason I gave it a positive rating is because it was at least funny. It wasn't funny enough to be worth watching, and I doubt that it was intended to be. This was a movie about a family who were just a few days away from their wedding, but instead spent most of the time running around and talking about their sex lives with each other, and how they got the "sexiest" wedding dress.  It's sad, really, that anyone would waste their time and money making such a bad film.  The only good thing I can say about this movie is that it did show that I could get into the whole "sex talk" aspect of the wedding, and it gave me the opportunity to see a movie in which the characters were actually funny. Unfortunately, the film ended up being one long montage of the characters talking to each other about sex. It didn't make much sense at all.  If you are looking for a movie that will actually make you laugh and not be angry at the actors, this movie probably isn't for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this movie is not a joke, nor is it a parody of the American film industry's obsession with the horror genre. It's a comedy of the worst kind. If you like horror movies, and you've never seen it, you probably won't like this movie. There are a few funny moments here and there, but overall, this is a really awful movie. The acting is pretty awful, the plot is completely lacking in interest, and the characters are totally unbelievable. I can only assume that the movie makers, having made the movie for the sole purpose of getting some free publicity for their film, thought it was a funny movie and didn't care how awful it was. But if you're not into horror movies then you may not like this. The ending, in which the main character, played by an extremely forgettable young actor, is forced to kill himself in order to save the lives of his friends and girlfriend, is probably the worst ending ever written.  This movie could be great if you like the genre. But for the sake of your sanity and dignity, don't waste your time. Watch a horror movie that you actually enjoy instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was interesting enough in concept. But the execution was so bad it would be a miracle if the director's attempt were not to sink the entire film. The cast was very, very forgettable. The story is a mess. No idea what is going on. A very odd script. I think this was a director who had a good idea but couldn't quite pull it off.  The acting was poor. And the movie was just plain awful.  A lot of people say it is a good movie, but I think they have not seen the first half of it. It is so utterly awful it makes you want to throw it away and start again. But even if you get it you will hate the movie. It's just awful. There's no way it can be a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so poorly made, it looks like it was shot on a Sony PIX camera, it makes the whole idea look ridiculous. There is no plot to speak of, there is no real character development, and the script is so incoherent, I didn't even know what the point was. I thought that this would have been a very funny movie, but I was wrong. The acting was terrible, the directing was even worse, and most of the movie is simply a mix of shots and cuts.  I just found this movie so boring, and I was so desperate to get out of the theater that I had to get the remote control to start the movie over again. It wasn't even worth it.  The worst thing about this movie was that the characters sounded so pretentious and boring, they made you feel like you were watching an hour and a half of stupid TV shows.  Just because I have to be honest here, I did like this movie a little bit.  However, if you are going to watch a movie that looks like an episode of a low-budget TV show, you would be better off looking at the video version. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is a little flat and the plot is weak. I think the reason this movie is rated so low is because the movie is actually quite good, just that the director had some creative flair that went unnoticed.  The movie could have been much better, if the director were to give the actors more room to be themselves. It is a bad idea to have two completely different storylines to the same character in the same movie.  I don't know if the movie's director is still working on the script. I doubt that it has any chance of making the ratings it received, even if it were rated a 7.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has a very odd opening, and then an extremely shallow plot, but that's a major part of the problem. The film is very slow and is incredibly predictable. The main character is the most stereotypical "bitch in love" you'll ever see.  The supporting cast is not worth mentioning except for one very odd and somewhat funny moment when the main character, who is played by a very young actor named "Sawyer," is in the middle of a heated argument with his boyfriend, played by the "cool" guy played by another very young guy named "Muncher."  It's so slow and predictable that you'll likely forget the plot until the end of the movie. The supporting actors are so unlikable that you wonder why they were even in the movie in the first place. And then there's that one really stupid and annoying moment when his girlfriend and the main dude (played by the very handsome and charismatic and "cool guy" who is a complete jerk) are getting into an argument over the movie's title, which is "Macho Lover." It's not a movie, but a cheap trailer for a film that, despite its shortcomings, is still better than most movies I've seen this year.  It should be in a safe place in the theater, and in a good movie theater.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a big fan of the 80's you will probably love this movie. If you aren't, then I would suggest you avoid this film. The acting is very flat, and the movie seems to have no idea what it wants to be. The story is a complete and utter failure.  The movie doesn't have any redeeming features.  It is completely pointless, and it makes no sense whatsoever.  As a horror film, it is a real letdown. I would just warn you to stay away from this movie if you want to watch something that is worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie three times already, but each time it was a bit better. First time I was actually kind of entertained by the movie, but then I lost interest in the story for a while and found myself watching the movie again a few hours later, just to find it still completely awful. I don't know how the director is able to get away with this, but his films usually aren't the best, and it seems to me that this one is a lot worse. It's got some really strange visuals, a slow plot, and a few really bad acting moments. The characters are all really uninteresting, the whole thing feels like a long train ride to nowhere, and the movie is just so boring that it's a wonder how they're able to make it so slow. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many things wrong with this movie. But I think the problem is not that it was bad. I think it was just too predictable and uninspired. The ending was too rushed and it just wasn't believable. It was so predictable and so boring that I didn't even care. There were so many times where you just wanted to get out of there.  The plot was so incredibly predictable. I know that some people might see that as a positive, but I didn' t like it. I felt like it was all about the same thing over and over and not really having any heart to the plot at all. I didn t think the characters were likable or believable. They were so bland and boring. I would have just seen the movie and moved on. I don't think they were likably flawed, but they were bland and not compelling.  I just didn't like it, and I can't believe it was this bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this movie when it first aired, and when it came out on DVD it didn't make the cut. It is, in my opinion, one of the worst films I've ever seen. The acting is poor, the direction is poor and the acting, in general, is very flat.  The plot, in theory, is interesting, but it is completely without interest. I couldn't care less about the characters or the plot because they're just boring, not because they are not entertaining. If you want to see a story that is not boring and you can actually enjoy the story, then look somewhere else.  I would suggest skipping this movie unless you like bad movies. If not, I would just say that it is a bad attempt at a vampire flick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a movie where everything from the title to the plot is a complete lie, this movie really sticks out. I don't care about the fact that this movie is about the love story of a couple, but the idea that this couple would meet their match in the movie and eventually end up in a relationship with each other completely destroys the story.  There's no relationship between the characters. No chemistry. No story. I know this sounds ridiculous, but I found it unbelievable. I think the movie would have been better if the couples were separated and the story had been told from their perspective.  I would have liked to see the movie with the couples being friends, and not lovers. If that would have happened in the first part of the movie, then it would have made the story a bit more believable. The movie ends with a really lame ending.  The characters are basically useless and don't seem to have any personalities.  In the movie the only character who is believable is a boy that seems to have been made out of cardboard. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very disappointing. It contains too many obvious plot holes, is very predictable and has a few awkward moments. For example, when the main character falls from a cliff, it's pretty easy to assume he's going to die. It's not, but it's just so unbelievable that the film tries to justify it. And there's really no reason for anyone to care if he's actually dead. You know the ending is going to be sad and weird when he's left alone in the middle of the forest and the entire rest of the movie is about how he's supposed to survive. The entire film just lacks in tension and is a total waste of a few minutes of my life. It also contains no character development whatsoever, and the acting is pretty awful.  The plot is basically the same as the previous movie, only worse. The movie is basically just a collection of plot points, all of them very predictable. And the only way I can justify this is that they were trying to make this a horror film, and they succeeded. This is probably the worst film I've ever seen.  It's a shame that this movie was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first three episodes are about as good as they could be. But the fourth episode is just awful. I mean it really just makes you want to give up on this whole show. In the first episode we are introduced to a guy named "Harrison" who looks like Harrison Ford. We meet him in his trailer, he starts shooting his gun and it just isn't happening. This is the first part of the fourth and final episode. It is the worst thing I've ever seen. It's so bad it's scary. I think this show is just going through the motions to get us all hooked on the idea. I can't believe they spent all that time putting out this show. I hope they change the name of the show to "Hudson's Haze". This show sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how they got away with this but I guess it's all about money. It was a waste of my time and the only redeeming part was the beautiful music in the background. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a world where only bad movies can find a wide audience, this one falls right into the "too long, too many characters, too little plot" category. The actors and the director, however, are pretty good. If you really want to see something that you don't care about or don't mind the fact that you're watching a bad film, I recommend a good film: "The King's Speech." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a very long title, but the only thing I can figure is that it is the director's attempt at a self-portrait. The acting is terrible, the dialogue is not even comprehensible, and the whole movie is a waste of time and money. A few jokes here and there, but nothing that keeps me from watching it over and over again. I would like to give this movie an F, and I cannot imagine how the director can get away with making this in a world where we are supposed to know how a movie should be made.  I give this film an average score of 2 out of 10. It is the worst film I have ever seen, and it deserves to be avoided. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie just made me sick. It was so awful. The acting was so bad it could have been filmed in a dark room and no one would have noticed. The music was just as bad as it was in "Worst Movie Ever". The plot was so stupid it was impossible to follow. The whole movie just seemed like it was made by an over-aged fan of the original movie. The plot lines are so poorly thought out it's not even funny. I'm sure this movie would have been great if it was based on the original book.  The only good thing about this movie is the title. If you want to see a really bad movie with a really lame story and horrible acting, this is the movie for you. This movie is so bad that I am willing to risk giving it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this film multiple times and it's the worst movie I've ever seen.  The story line is terrible, there is no suspense, no drama, and no emotion. You know it's going to be bad because the acting is awful. It's just not worth watching, it's not even entertaining. I give it a 1/10, not even worth talking about. The script is really terrible and there is just so little to talk about.  Overall, this is a very low budget film, so it's just the director giving his best effort. If you see this movie, don't buy it, just don't waste your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was awful. Not just the actors, but the story was a train wreck. It made me hate the character of "Fletcher", who was a complete unknown to me until I saw him on the movie. I had no idea who he was, how he lived or what his family looked like.  It wasn't even that bad though. The acting wasn't really that bad, the plot was a mess and the acting was horrible.  The director had no clue how to make the movie a fun flick to watch.  I had to see the entire thing from beginning to end to get the plot to make sense. I just wanted to stop watching after the first 20 minutes.  Don't waste your time. It's a waste of time and your time on the Internet. I'm really sorry if you paid to see this film, but it's a horrible piece of crap and I don't care if you watched it or not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only give this movie a 1/10. The acting was not good, the plot was not interesting and the dialogues were annoying. I think that there are better movies out there, but this one should be avoided. I don't know what this guy had to do to make this movie so boring. The actors did not seem to care for each other, the direction was bad and the story line was predictable. I'm sorry but that is just the way it was. If you are into gore, horror movies and want to see a horror movie that makes no sense, this movie is for you. But, for me, the acting was just plain awful. I gave it 1/2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really terrible movie from an awful director. I would give it a zero if I could rate it. It has the best lines in the world in the beginning and a really annoying story about a guy that is not that hot and really does not want to make out with her. Then we get to see her try to seduce the guy that she likes. It's just awful. The guy does not even seem to be that attractive to her, which makes her seem even worse. She makes out with the guy and then he leaves her alone. But then when she makes out in the shower he goes out of his way to not let her get to the shower and the guy makes a big deal about it. He never makes out or has sex with her at all. She does not get to go to his house or the apartment, he does not leave her alone and they have sex in the bedroom.  I guess that's what I expected. This is a movie for guys who are so shy that they can't have sex with a girl and want to get a big dick. This movie has the worst of both worlds. The only good thing about it is that it does not have a girl's name and the last part was not directed by a man. But it still has no redeeming qualities. I just can't believe that the director made this movie. The story was pretty interesting, but the story line was so stupid that I could not enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad that it makes even some of the best movies look better.  It's like a video version of the old "Scare Movie", except the scares are even worse than they were in the original.  The characters are all completely unbelievable and some are so stupid that it's not funny anymore.  This is the worst horror film I've ever seen.  You can see how much the actors are paid, and what their "production budget" is.  In other words, it's a waste of your time.  Don't watch this. Don't even try to watch it with your friends. It's not scary at all. If you want to see some really bad horror movies, then go to the horror section of your local video store. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so boring. I don't even know how anyone could have made a movie like this. The plot is so pointless, and the characters are so stereotypical.  The only positive point was that it showed a few things that were never done before. However, it was a waste of time. It was just awful. I would never waste your time on this garbage, unless you want to be spoiled. I didn't see the ending, but I did see the credits. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the interest of the film's authenticity, I must admit that I was a fan of the movie when it was released. But the fact is, this movie is a complete embarrassment. From the beginning, there are just so many holes in the plot that you can hardly care about anything anymore. The actors do not even pretend to care about the characters anymore.  The only good thing about this movie, is that it shows you how a poor movie can be made. I am sure that you will be bored of it as soon as the movie is over.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you were to see this film without knowing anything about the author of the book it is an absolute waste of time.  The script, acting, cinematography, direction and direction are all bad, but there are some amusing scenes and the story is not nearly as dull as the book makes it seem.   The story is about a group of friends, a bunch of characters that are never seen again, a group that is always going on about something, the characters are not believable, the plot is so stupid that I just laughed out loud.  I know that the book is about an older, somewhat boring group of people who are in a small, very tight knit town and who are all very similar in some ways to what you might imagine a group like this might be. However, the author does not make the group seem as believable. In fact, it's really hard to believe that they all exist and that the story really is about the same group.  In the book there are two main characters that we don't know much about (the girl and the guy), but the story seems more like a bunchy of people playing a game. I was hoping that the film would have a similar feel, but unfortunately, it did not.  If the film had been a lot better, the whole thing would have been a whole lot better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so boring I could watch it on repeat for hours.  One of the characters is really annoying, the other characters are boring and pointless. The story doesn't even make sense and there are no surprises whatsoever.  The acting is terrible and the direction and editing are terrible. If you are going to make a film about a really bad movie, make sure you don't take advantage of the fact that it's about a very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie because I was asked to make a negative comment about it. But it was just as bad as the others. The plot was awful. There was no plot. The only thing that kept this movie from being a total flop was the fact that the lead actor was so terrible. I don't know what his character was supposed to do, or how the characters' lives would have been affected. And when they showed a clip of his character telling a joke in the movie, I thought he sounded like a really retarded kid.  There are two problems with this movie. The first is that the acting was so bad, and the second was the stupid ending. I guess they wanted to make the movie shorter, because they were already running out of time, so they could have just stopped the whole movie right at the point where the main characters were trying to get out of the hospital. That would have saved them about 5 minutes of movie time. If the story had been better, and if the acting had been good, the movie would have still been a waste of time. It just didn't make sense, and they should have done something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was so stupid. The character development was so poor. I have never seen such poor writing, direction, and acting in a movie. The acting was so wooden and so overacted that the entire movie seemed to be about acting. The only good part was the music. The lyrics were horrible. The music was so awful that I kept hoping that the actors would sing the lyrics to the tune of "The Way You Look Tonight". I'm not sure if it was intended to be the music to the movie or just that the director liked to do that. In any case, the music was horrible.  The movie could have been a comedy but the movie was just too slow and so stupid to be a comedy. The story was stupid. There was no logic. Nothing made sense. The plot made no sense. No one in the movie seemed likable. There were too many characters who were so stereotypical. If the movie had been about a couple who lived in a haunted house, I would have laughed. But it wasn't. The movie had no sense of humor. The characters weren't likable in any way. The whole movie was so unbelievable that I just couldn't get to care.  A few of the cast members seemed like they knew the plot and the movie wasn't a surprise. I would love to see a director that can make a movie like this. I know that most directors don't know the plot or the characters so they just make it up on the spot.  I give this movie 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so boring, it could have been made in the early 1980s. The actors are all over the place and it's just boring. There is absolutely no motivation. The only thing that keeps the movie interesting is a really stupid and irritating character named Mr. A. Who tries to trick a woman into marrying him.  It's just so much better than "I Am Sam", which has a totally different premise.  Also, the "mystery" that follows the events leading up to the final shot of the movie is just ridiculous. The girl in this movie, for example, has been left in the back seat of a car for hours and when the woman and Mr.A get married, it's because she has been saved from the cold.  I just feel sorry for the actors and I really think they should have just stayed away from this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read somewhere that this was the first time the word "horrible" was used in a movie: I was surprised to find that I hadn't heard it before.  I think the word is used in other movies, but in this one it's used a lot.  The plot is just awful. The characters are poorly written, the plot is boring, and the acting is terrible.  There are a few decent scenes. The cinematography looks great in one scene, but when the camera was turned off I found myself looking at the screen for hours and hours. There are no jokes. The ending is so badly executed that I was sure it was going to end in a "WTF!?" sort of way.  If you like the movies of Robert De Niro, then I would suggest that you don't watch this one. It's pretty obvious why it didn't make the Oscar shortlist. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a great scene where a guy asks a woman why she's in a room with a naked woman. She tells him that she doesn't want to talk to him. The guy tries to get the woman to talk but she just stares back at him. She's totally oblivious to the guy and he eventually gets frustrated and leaves.  And the ending of the movie is not the movie's greatest tragedy, but it's pretty predictable and pretty awful. It's basically a bad remake of a really bad movie, except for the guy who plays the girl's boyfriend.   The only reason this movie made the list is because it's so unbelievably bad. And it's really hard to hate a bad film like this. But if you do want to hate this movie, do so in the most horrible way possible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't get over how much I hated this movie. I had been expecting a great movie, but the story was so stupid and boring that I didn't even care. It was just a bunch of stupid jokes, poorly executed. I really want to see an actual movie with better writing. If anyone knows how to make a good movie, please email me. I would love to see a movie where I get to meet all the characters in their own little world.   The movie itself wasn't too bad. There were a couple really funny scenes, and a few cute parts. The movie is probably better for those who aren't too deep into the subject.  I just wish that the movie was a little bit better. If I had known what I knew about the movie beforehand, I would have never wasted time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My girlfriend has a boyfriend and his dad bought a copy of this movie for his son. He bought the movie off of a website, and the movie was so boring and terrible that I ended up not watching it for three weeks after seeing it once. I'm a writer, and this movie was basically my first script ever. The movie was a waste of everyone's time.  I thought the movie could have been a real sleeper, and it could have done with a few tweaks.  The film had the typical annoying actors who were really annoying, and then there were the characters who were pretty irritating. The film should have been called "The Worst Movie Ever." It had a few decent bits, but it's a complete waste of time. I really hope I never have to see another copy of "The Greatest American Movie Ever!"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so far below the standards of quality and entertainment I expected, but what I was expecting has never been seen before. It's the lowest quality film I've seen in a long time, and possibly the worst film I have ever seen. This film's concept was awful. In the last 10 minutes of the film, there are some scenes that were so ridiculous that they could have been made for a comedy skit, not to mention, the movie starts off so fast and it doesn't stop until the credits roll and the credits are over.  The acting was awful, the script was so dull, and the plot was so poor that it was hard to believe it was going to be this low budget. I am extremely disappointed that I was allowed to see this movie, and it's only because I saw it on a video, but I feel that it should be shown on TV and not this horrible waste of money.  My rating is 4/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like to have a good laugh, look away now. If you want to read, go away now as well. This is not an adventure flick, it's a comedy about a guy who can't get laid. The only thing funny about it is that the main character is a jerk. The plot is nothing more than a series of slapstick gags that will leave you wondering why anyone in their right mind was watching this movie. This movie is a sad attempt to get some cash by getting some people to laugh at it, and it just doesn't work. The story is bad, the acting is bad and the story doesn't make sense.  The best thing about this movie is that they made it into a movie! You can enjoy it on Netflix, but I'd be more than happy to just see it on DVD. The DVD version is also available on Amazon, so you can get a better picture of how awful it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so bad that it makes me laugh out loud. Even though it contains all the ingredients that you would expect a horror movie to have, it still has nothing to recommend it except for the occasional "gimme a break!" or "I can't take this!" It's so bad, in fact, that I can't even watch the video without laughing. The acting is laughable. The script is terrible. There are so many things that don't make sense and I'm sure you'll agree with me. The gore is so graphic and so gory that it could be used in a horror film, but they wouldn't have to.  The cinematography is awful. There is no atmosphere. Nothing moves you, except maybe the girl who was in the first scene and her boyfriend. There's not much suspense in this film, which is a pity.  It's a complete waste of time. Don't waste your time. It's not even worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is not a horror movie but just a story that I can relate to my parents (who are not so nice) in the 70's. A lot of blood, a lot of gore, and a lot more gore than I expected. I would like to think that there is a reason that this film did not get made in the 60's. If this film was made in 1970, I would feel differently.  The acting is very shallow and I can't say much about the plot, but I can say that it did not have a lot going for it. I think that if this film were made in 2000, the story would have been better.  This film is not that good. It does not even have the feeling that it is made for horror movies. The story has not been shown anywhere. And, at the end of the movie, I found myself thinking "I'm going to watch this movie again".  I would say that if you want a movie that is not horror, I don't know how to recommend a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen other reviews, but I cannot imagine how a movie made this way would have any chance of earning a positive review. I can only imagine it as an insult to the actors. I have seen the first movie, but not the second one. The acting in the second movie is just awful. The story and characters seem to have been taken from an episode of Friends. They're not even believable. I wish I could remember their names. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that this movie is quite a bit too long. In fact, I found it so slow, that I found myself in the middle of a fight scene that was only just beginning when I got to see how the fight was going to end. Not to mention the fact that I think there was no real suspense. The only reason why I can give this movie 2 stars is that the action is OK. However, that is just a 2.5 out of 10.  I found that there was a lot of unnecessary and repetitive action. This movie would be better if the action was actually used to make the movie better. For example, the scene where the doctor kills the soldier was so out of place, that it actually made me miss the scene. I just didn't care to see what happened next.  The movie could have been so much better, if the story had been better. The story in the beginning was just so confusing, that the movie could of had so much more of a real impact. However this movie just doesn't make the grade. The fact that the director was a friend of the cast and a member of the film's production company is a bit disconcerting.  This movie was very hard to watch. The acting was so poor that I had to stop it, just to stop myself from screaming.  Overall, a really bad movie. I can't recommend this movie to anyone, even if you have a sense of humor. This should only be shown to people who are too lazy to do anything else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few months after the release of "Alien", I was watching the "Alien 3" DVD. I was so excited to see that there would be a sequel to "Alien" and I wanted to see what the story had to offer. This film was a complete waste of time, and the only thing I wanted was for it to be over.  I thought I saw something that was a lot of fun in "Alien: Resurrection", but I was completely and utterly wrong. I found this movie to be so boring that I almost gave up on it. This was an awful movie, and I hate it. The story is so poorly told that you can hardly believe the story is actually happening. I thought that "Alien 2" was better, but I can't even remember the movie, but it was even worse.  Alien 3 is so bad, it's so unbelievably bad, that I just wanted to throw it away. It should have never been made. I gave "Alien Anthology" a 10/10, but Alien 3 gets an 8/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was no point to it. I mean, the plot was so predictable, I just wanted it to end. I'm a little baffled why this movie was made. It has no plot, no interest, no story. I got bored. The acting was awful, especially in the parts where the characters talk and talk and the actors are supposed to be having fun and I think that this was probably a factor in the film's failure. This movie had no charm.  I'm surprised this wasn't made into a short film because the plot is so shallow.  There are other bad movies out there, but this was one of the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie twice. First time, I was expecting a cute romantic comedy. But the only thing I felt was disappointment and pity for the characters. This movie was simply a nightmare. The first time I watched it, I had a hard time to believe that this film was made by some people who were actually trying to be funny.  The plot was a complete joke and there wasn't a single plot point that didn't make me laugh my ass off. This is one of those movies that are so predictable that it makes you want to scream when you see it, so that you don't have to watch it again. The only reason why I gave it a 2 rating was because I felt bad for the character in the first part of the movie. He was so weak and stupid that I felt pity for him. I could not believe that he actually went to the bathroom in the middle of the night and had a horrible dream about a dead girl that was in the bathroom. This was probably the only time I felt sorry for the person in the movie because the movie was so bad.  If you have to see this movie, don't waste your time on it. You're better off watching one of the earlier "dick-offs" like "The Dork Files" or "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so awful and awful, that you just want to throw it away and never look at it again. It's a total waste of time. It is absolutely devoid of even the most basic of human emotions. It has a dull, uninspired storyline, and there are few moments where the characters even seem to be reacting to anything whatsoever. The story is so unbelievable that you can hardly believe that the storyteller is human, let alone that they could have written a script that could possibly make the viewer feel that way. The acting is terrible and, worst of all, there are no subtitles for the characters, making it nearly impossible to understand what the characters are saying. I was unable to understand the text, the subtitles, or even the actors' faces, all of which are so flat and lifeless that I thought they were playing a character.  I saw this film at the Criterion Collection last week, and I was absolutely horrified by the film. I watched it for about 30 minutes and gave it a 2 out of 10 rating. I would have given it a worse rating had I actually seen it in person. If you are looking for a film that will make you feel like you've been punched in the face repeatedly, then I would advise you to stay away from this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very sad movie, it has very little to do with the story it tells and most of it is recycled plot points from other horror films. It is an uninteresting, boring movie with few interesting things that happen and none that stick in the viewer's mind. It has a lot of scenes that were simply shot and left on the cutting room floor, that is why the rating was a 3. The acting was mediocre, the story didn't have much to say and was just recycled stuff from other films.  It would be better if the director was the person who made "The Blair Witch Project" and this movie is almost exactly the same except that it was made in 1982 and this is a low budget version.  I give it a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the movie was ruined by a bad soundtrack and horrible acting. The story was a complete joke and the actors acted so far off from their characters that I was laughing at them for a week. The film was so predictable and so boring that I wanted to rip it apart. The movie's script was a waste of time and there was no real emotion at all. It made me sick to my stomach and made me feel very bitter towards the actors. It was a joke, it was not even worth a laugh.  I would never watch this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie which has so much potential, yet falls so short in its execution that the viewer could hardly believe it was good.  A good movie: you would have to be quite stupid to think it's bad. But the fact that this movie was so far down the list of 'fun' shows how shallow its creators were. The worst thing about this film is that it is so poorly made. It has so many stupid moments, that you could imagine them appearing in any other movie: the actors seem so bored that they are not even bothering to smile at the camera, and the script is so dull that even if the plot was really good, you would never be able to figure out what happened. The movie is so flat that it's almost impossible to see what's happening. You have to read the dialog in order to figure it out. In the end, the movie is not even worth the five minutes it costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has been brought to my attention that the movie is based on the book "Bury Me, Kill Me", in which there is no reference to the book except for the fact that the book was written by a very talented novelist, but it was never made into a movie. The reason for this is that it was a short-lived production. But the fact is that the script, in which the movie's title character is named, is almost identical to the plot of the book. I had to read the book to find out what the movie was about, and I did not find it very entertaining. The movie is only marginally better than "Barely Lethal". I can hardly recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely garbage. There is absolutely no reason for the plot. The characters are completely boring, and I felt like it was all just one big piece of cardboard.  I can only conclude that this was a very poor attempt at trying to appeal to a niche audience. The idea of being able to escape a small town and being pursued by the cops was laughable. This movie should have never been made.  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. This is a movie made by an idiot who really should have stayed in his room, and watched the DVD of "Raiders of the Lost Ark".  I would highly recommend not watching this movie. If you want to see something interesting that is actually not a rip-off of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", then "Twin Towers" is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was actually surprised that this movie actually exists, as I thought that it would have been much better if it was just another story about a group of people who are forced to become a group to protect themselves from a villainous force of the supernatural. This is not a very good movie. The acting was terrible. The only good thing was that it was a little bit funny. However, I would recommend to stay away from this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie for young boys, who think they are going to get a kick out of a horror movie. This movie is the worst horror movie I've ever seen, and it deserves to be on this list. It's like a "Nightmare on Elm Street" that I have never seen. The script is so awful that I actually forgot what I was supposed to do when I got to the final scene. And the music is horrible! The best horror movie ever made is "Slumber Party Massacre" by John Carpenter, which is a little bit better than this.  It's sad that I was never able to see this horror flick when it first came out. But I don't blame the director at all. He just has no talent. If I were to make this movie I would never do a low budget horror flick, I would make it look like a video store with a few cheap special effects, I don a few scenes that are supposed to scare the viewers, and I would use the same actors for the same roles.  The movie has nothing to recommend it except for the fact that the actors were OK, but that it was supposed be a horror flick. If you want to see a horror film, go for it, but don't waste your time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so stupid that it's not even funny. If you are a movie buff and you haven't seen this movie, you're just an idiot. The story is about a young girl who kills herself in the bathroom of her school. There are so many mistakes and inconsistencies that you could not believe this could be true. If the movie had actually happened, I would have thought it was fake. I was expecting a more sophisticated and realistic movie. This movie just seemed like a bunch of high school students trying to make a short film. I can't believe this movie was made by someone without a clue. The only good part of this movie is the fact that there are no real guns used in it.  The plot is a complete joke. The acting was bad, and the plot wasn't even believable. If a movie is not funny, then it's probably not worth seeing. This is an example of a "cute" movie that should be avoided. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm no expert, but I would say that the film was too slow, slow, and slow, to make a good movie. The story was bad, the script was too long, the acting was not believable, and the acting and direction was so bad that it looked like it was shot on a camcorder with no direction and that it was edited in a way that made it look like a movie shot on film. The movie was so slow that you could actually see the time from the camera moving around and the time for the sound to cut in and out of. I would not recommend it, unless you like a slow movie with a few interesting parts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think there is a point to the whole thing, but the way it is done, it's a complete disaster.  The story is so unbelievable it's almost impossible to believe. The acting is a total mess, the dialog is so cheesy it's unbearable and the ending is so rushed that I'm pretty sure it was meant to be something else. I guess they couldn't resist giving it a positive review. They probably want to put it in a positive light because the trailers and the posters for the movie are so great.  I guess I'll see if they do it again, maybe it's for a good movie, but it's just an awful waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was not much better than the script. The storyline was predictable and predictable. The movie was boring to watch. The ending was predictable, but at least there was some hope.  The music was terrible. I mean, I thought the soundtrack was actually pretty good for a film with that title. I thought there was one song in the entire movie that I actually liked. And that's one song that I think should be played every day of the week for all the people who have this movie.  I didn't hate the movie, but I didn' t enjoy it at all.  This was a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is predictable. There's a guy that kills people, the killer has to get away from the cops, and the cops get a clue about where the killer is and decide to go after him. What's not predictable is the stupid way that this guy is killed.  The whole thing is one giant clusterfuck of stupid. The killer, a guy named Mr. B, is a total jerk. He doesn't care about his victims. He's a psychopath. He kills people without feeling any remorse. He does it all the time. Why would you want to kill someone that way? Why would someone that violent want to murder people that are not violent? What a waste of time!   The script has a lot of problems. For example, how do you kill someone with a knife? You use a gun. How do you shoot someone with an AR-15? You don't. You shoot them in the heart. Why? Because you don't want to be shot in the chest. And you don;t know how to shoot a gun without getting shot in it.   How do the cops know where Mr.B is? You know, because the cops have a "suspect" tag on his car. Why did they put that tag on the car? That's a dumb idea. They should have kept that stupid tag on their cars. You know how the cops would have figured it out? You see, the cops don't know where the guy was, but they know where he's going to be. You should have left the tag on your car, not put it on your killer's car. You can't get rid of a tag that's stuck on your vehicle. You're screwed if the cops do it on purpose.  There's no real reason why anyone should want to see Mr.C dead. I mean, he's not a bad guy, but he's just not a very good killer.  I give this movie 2 out of 10. I gave it 1 because I really like the movie and I'm trying to be objective. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see why people dislike this movie, but I can't understand why this movie has such an incredibly low rating. A story that seems to be based on a real event that I would never have thought about it, yet the film barely makes any sense. I found myself laughing at all the stupid things that were happening on the screen. The acting was terrible and I felt like the characters were just made up for entertainment purposes. I know this sounds like an awful review, but this movie was terrible! The story was boring, the acting was awful, the plot was stupid and I could never find any connection to the characters. The story didn't make any sense, there was no plot, and no reason for anyone to care about any of the characters (the main character being the main problem). The movie was so awful I felt embarrassed to admit that I had watched it!  Overall I gave the movie a 1/10, which is far below the 1/100 that this movie is currently in. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a typical "B" flick. You have a good actor in a small role, but the rest of the cast is completely inept. I was particularly upset when I realized that a certain "B", like myself, didn't recognize the name of the actor in the scene.  The plot is basically a long series of flashbacks. The scenes are boring and the dialogue is so bad it makes it seem like a movie from the early 70's.  If you want to see a mediocre "B," try "The Naked City".  I just think the writer/director should be embarrassed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never been a fan of the "Lucky" films and I'm a very small fan of all the movies that are based on the "Walking Dead". However, I still enjoyed this movie more than the "The Walking Dead", which was just plain bad. This movie does nothing new but it just made me dislike it even more. I really wanted to like this movie, but all I got was a very disappointing "movie", which does not even have any plot.  This movie was just a pile of trash. The only thing I can say is that I can see why they did this movie. They wanted to be able to make a horror movie that would be able "stand out" as a special "movie". They did not do a good job and made a lot of mistakes. The acting was a bit "bland", but not horrible, but they could have done better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has a very long title and an annoying, cheesy, annoying soundtrack. The actors and actresses are completely uninteresting. The plot is absolutely boring. This film is basically a film of "A" and "B" scenes and scenes of "C", "D", "E", "F", "G", "H", "I", "J", "K", "L", "M", "N", "O", "P", "Q", "R", "S", "T", "U", "V", "W", "X", "Y", "Z". The film does not provide a whole lot of enjoyment. The movie seems to have been made by the director for the purpose of showing his friends and colleagues how a director should make a movie. It was never intended to be a work of art.  It is very disappointing that an American film of this quality could be made without anyone else to be the director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a really bad first 30 seconds. Then it gets worse. There are two scenes where there is really no reason for the audience to care. And then there are two more where there's really no excuse for the movie to exist. The ending is really lame, and the movie itself has a really lame ending.  I would say this is a good movie if it had a really great director. The only good thing about this movie is that I like that it has a few more characters than it had. But I could not care less. It's just an awful waste of time. I would recommend not watching this movie unless you are really bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't say how many times I watched this film and I just wanted to shout at the screen at how stupid it was. And then, there was the part where they had a bunch of people dancing to the song "We Can Fly". I mean come on. That's not dancing. Those people are supposed to be dancing in a place that's supposed to have an airfield. And how could it be that a film that's supposedly a tribute to a song from a movie about the Wright Brothers, which supposedly came out in 1939, could have so much of a problem with sound, direction, or anything that was supposed to make it stand out as a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so mad at the end of this movie I just stood there and stared at it until it faded to black. How can you mess up an ending like this? And when I think about it, how do you go from one thing that was really good and then just end up with another movie that's so bad? If you are so upset that this is a sequel to the original film, then go to the movies and buy the original and forget this. I just want to see a new movie in a different setting and maybe see what happens.  I think it's safe to say that this movie was made with absolutely no money and no talent behind it, but still I think this is the worst film I've ever seen. If you have any other ideas how to improve this movie, I am willing to bet I'll see them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this in the local cinema on Saturday night. I was really disappointed. I thought the film was awful and was disgusted with it. The film had a very low rating and seemed to be made for TV. I just don't understand how anyone would spend their time watching such a rubbish film.  The film has no story, no character development and absolutely no plot. The director was a little too pleased with himself when he got the film made and the script was too good to be true. The actors were awful, the direction was terrible, and the film just got boring.  I think that I'm really going to hate the movie when I watch it in ten years time, I don't think I'll be able to enjoy it then. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really do not understand how this movie has been able to go so far without anyone having the courage to complain about it. This movie really did not make me laugh at all. It was just not entertaining.  I can understand the desire to make this movie, but it would be better to just stick to the "took a bad picture" movies like "Maniacs" and "The Lost World" and have the actors say something negative about it in a more honest way.  The worst thing was the music. It just got really annoying.  It is just too bad that this movie is only being shown on a cable channel. Why is it still on?  The only good thing is that the story is not very original, but the whole movie seemed like it was made up on the spot.  Just like most of the movies on this channel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some pretty decent actors in this film but the script is a disgrace. There are so many inconsistencies and the acting is awful. I'm not sure how they got so far in the film making a film of this low budget. The ending is a waste of time. It's not funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really bad, amateurish, and amateurish attempt at a 'comedy' that really should have been a thriller. It's so poor it hurts. If you like horror movies with a bunch of scary things going on that you just don't understand, or you like 'bad' jokes that make you laugh, then this is definitely your movie for the summer. I'd really like to see someone go out and make a movie that isn't so bad, that just goes for the 'fun' of it and isn't trying to get people to pay attention to what's happening, but just isn't that good. This isn't a 'comedic' or 'cringe' movie. It just wants you to get bored and then watch the footage of the horrible things that happen. The only reason I actually enjoyed this is because I actually had fun while watching it, but that's all it was, just fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like to see the real stars of the movies, so when I found out that Robert Downey Jr. and Matt Damon were in this film, I was not disappointed. However, I found myself having to put up with the fact that the story wasn't anything like the original films. It wasn't the same movie, only with a few of the actors playing the same roles.  The main characters were all so dull and uninteresting, I could have sworn I was watching a comedy about a drunk and angry man. The main plot was pretty stupid and I thought it could have been done better. The script was extremely predictable and the actors didn't have the charisma needed for a decent movie.  I did enjoy the original movie, but I didn't feel like this one deserved the rating I gave it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know this was a movie with some very good reviews but this movie was terrible. I was bored to death by the main character and I did not like the movie's ending at all. I mean what was the point of having a plot when there is no story line.  Also I don't care for a movie that has a character who has a problem with her son, which is what she does. The only time I can relate to this movie is when my son is in a bad situation.  I really don't like it that they did not make this movie more like a comedy or an action thriller. I would have liked it more if the director did not want to make the movie into an adult drama. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the end, I don't really understand why the director has chosen to make this a film. A film that's so poorly paced, the film has little to no story to speak of and no character development whatsoever. It's so slow, so slow that I didn't understand why anyone would be so bored to sit through it. This film is just so flat and uninteresting that I felt I would be bored if I sat through the entire thing. The film was actually better as a short film. This is the worst film I've ever seen. It makes absolutely no sense, and I felt as if I was watching the film with no emotion at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am an avid fan of the series and watched this movie before the series came back. I found it hard to believe that a movie based on the book could be so bad. The first thing that I noticed was the slow, tedious pace of the story. The story seemed to drag a bit and the ending seemed to have been rushed and unfinished. The movie also showed too much violence and gore. The action scenes were also extremely cheesy and not believable in their execution. The ending did not make up for the weak script and boring, unsatisfying story. This movie is one of the worst of the TV series. The only good thing is that it was in color!  I don't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wanted to like this movie but all the characters were so bland and stupid. I know that there are some really talented people working in the industry and I'm sure the movie could have been made into something good. But this was just a waste of time. I'm not sure if this was an isolated incident or if there was a common pattern of a lot of the people who work on this movie and the way they approached the script.  This is not the worst film I've ever seen but it definitely was not the best either. The acting was really bad and the plot was really dumb. There are no real plot twists or twists that are worth talking about. All they do is make you feel stupid.  I'm pretty sure that the studio is making money on this film by renting it out to other people so it's probably a loss on their part. If you have the opportunity to see this film you should avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First time I saw it. I got it when my husband bought it from a used store in a nearby town. I watched it at the DVD store where we both work. We were watching it in silence. It wasn't as bad as it was advertised, but it was just plain awful. It looked like it was shot in a rush and rushed.  The actors, especially the lead actors, looked awful. They weren't even acting, just staring straight ahead. And then, the ending. You see, there was a moment in the movie when the hero had a chance to make a save and the camera was right in front of his face. The actor's lips turned white.  After that, the movie was just awful. You could hardly watch it. You couldn't concentrate on anything else. I kept turning the TV off and on and back on and it got worse and worse.  I could see the movie played in a loop and I felt so depressed. It was just a big mess. And it was so sad. It made me want to puke.  This movie was terrible.  And then they played it on the local news. People were saying it was "one of the worst movies ever made." I don't think that's true. It's a disgrace to the movie industry and the entire genre. This movie really doesn't deserve the praise it's been getting. It should be considered a waste of time and a waste to anyone who watches it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how this film was made and the name of the director has not been made available but I have seen the video clip.  This is the only movie I have ever watched that makes no sense. The plot is so confusing that you will never find out who is who in the end, what is going on, why is it taking so long to end or what is happening. I am sure you will watch the clip and say "I can't believe this film took this long to make". This is not a comedy, it is a horror film. If you watch it with a good story, it will be a little bit scary.  However, if you have to watch it to get a laugh, don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has to be the worst movie ever made. There's nothing to even make it funny. The story is about an elderly woman who goes on an adventure with her grandkids. She gets caught up in some weird situations. Her grandkids keep her away from her house. The only reason I could see that movie was that it was on MTV, and MTV was one of the most popular television shows of the 1990's. That made it okay, but I can't see how MTV's popularity would be enough to justify this. The actors are too old and too unknown to even be able to make a believable movie. I can only imagine that they had to do the movie just to make some money.  It would be a waste of time and money to watch this movie.  I can give this movie 2 out of 10. It's bad. Don't waste your time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only reason I ever bought this movie. I'm a big fan of "The Simpsons" and "The Critters" and have always wanted to see them on the big screen. I really wanted to like this movie, but it turned out to be a waste of my time and money.  If you don't like movies, I suggest you don' keep your eyes open because this is a bad one.  I hope they don't release this movie on DVD, as I just wasted my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit that I was shocked when I first saw this movie. It was so boring and unbelievable that it made me want to punch the screen. However, after I finally saw it, I felt sorry for the poor film makers and had to watch it again. It wasn't even remotely believable.  And the worst part was that it didn't even end when the credits were over. It continued to be boring and depressing until the end credits rolled over the end. That is the real shame. If the movie was actually intended to be a parody, it would have been more entertaining. If anyone can't tell a joke or a satire, then I have no idea how to explain how to be funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie twice on DVD and thought it was okay, but it didn't quite reach the standard I was expecting. It's really sad. It is really hard to explain the plot to someone who hasn't seen it. There's an endless number of holes in the story line, there are too many characters and characters who don't even have names. It all looks like a poorly made movie made with really poor acting, the acting is so bad that it's almost impossible to make out the character.  The plot doesn't even make any sense at all. It goes on and on without giving the audience any sort of explanation. It gets worse every time it's repeated. It just feels like a bad rip off of some of the worst movies I've ever seen.  It has some of my favorite actors, and it's probably one of the most overrated movies I have ever seen, but I'm willing to forgive the terrible acting and the awful plot.  There's also a really bad sound mix, and the music is so awful, I swear it has a bad, screeching, screechy, annoying bass line. It really should have just been dubbed into English, but maybe I can be excused for expecting a different movie, and I'm just disappointed that this is one of those movies that just has no redeeming value to anyone at all, or anyone who was looking for a cheap popcorn movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete disaster of a movie. There's very little plot to it and almost nothing to enjoy in it. The acting is not good and the acting is fairly shallow.  I give it 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a couple of teenagers who fall into a pool and drown when they are attacked by sharks. A killer shark is after them and the shark has to be stopped. Unfortunately, this movie is just not funny. The movie starts out funny and then gets really bad. There are lots of moments where there is no dialog or anything to make you laugh. The characters are not funny at all. Some of the dialog is a little weird and makes no sense. The plot is pretty bad. It's about a shark and a couple teens who are in the pool. The sharks have to be kept at bay so they don't eat people. One of the teens is bitten and dies. The other teen tries to save him. Then it turns into a joke, a typical "zombie movie" type of movie. The idea was good, but it was ruined by the director and writer.  The only good thing about the movie is that it has one of the worst soundtracks I've ever heard.  If you don't like zombies, don't waste your time watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so stupid it's unbelievable. The acting is so terrible that I'm not sure if the actor can even speak. It's like they made this movie so that they could have some fun while watching it. I'm still not sure how they made the money to make this movie.  The film was actually based on a book called "Balls of Fury". The movie is not only boring, but it is actually based in a movie called "The Man Who Knew Too Much". The two movies are so different that you can't tell them apart. I don't even think they have the same writer, although it seems that there is one. This movie just makes no sense. It just doesn't make sense.  It's obvious that they didn't even make the movie in the same way that they made it. There's no story, no character development, nothing. It was just made so that the actors could have a good time. They couldn't care less if the movie was good or bad. I guess the producers didn't care at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has a very predictable story. All of the main characters get killed off by some supernatural force. The film has an overall weak storyline. There are only two endings, one of them being the only one that I can actually see coming. The movie does not hold up to being a comedy or a horror film. It has very low budget, with the cast not even being able to afford the actors' salaries. The special effects are just plain bad, especially in the beginning. The soundtrack is a bit too generic to be funny. I gave the movie a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise sounds great, but the whole thing falls flat. The acting is lackluster, the movie looks like it was shot in an eight-year old's basement, and there's just no heart behind the story line whatsoever.  I really hope that this is just an early test to see if the director has any interest in making films anymore. If that's the case, then this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The actors were a bit better than the last time I saw them in this film, but that wasn't the reason I thought this film sucked.  And don't even ask me to like this movie, because I don't like movies. I'm not sure I'll ever see another film with this premise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so far from good it was unbelievable. I found it absolutely unbelievable how much money was spent making this flick. The acting was so bad I had to stop it after 30 minutes and watch the credits to see what happened. It was so much worse than "Grow Up" that I had actually stopped watching it after only 10 minutes. It wasn't funny at all, and was even worse than I thought it was going to be. It also got boring when the credits were done.  The only good thing about this flick is the ending. If you are bored after this movie I recommend you stay away from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an extremely cheap, but very poorly done "poster" for a movie. It is a total waste of time and a waste of the viewer's time. The story is nothing to get excited about. It has no plot, no plot. The acting is extremely poor. There are scenes where the actors can not even be seen, and they make no effort to conceal it. There is no explanation of why the characters are in such dire circumstances, and why they're so in love. It just comes across as a bad comedy.  It is also a waste for the DVD. I don't think there is any way the DVD could be any better. The movie could have been better had the story been written to look more like a film, and the actors had been given the opportunity to do a good job. The DVD, on the other hand, is a complete waste of money. The picture is very dim. I have seen better DVD's. The audio is weak, and does not even attempt to disguise the poor sound quality. The sound effects, which are not in the movie, are in the DVD as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second time I have watched this movie and it makes me cringe to my old self.  This film is simply a waste of time and time. The acting is bad. The directing is bad as well. I give this movie an overall rating of 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of this movie, there are many people who think this is a good movie, but later, you can see the movie going downhill. The story is nothing to remember and the acting was not good at all. There are some plot points that are not explained in the movie. The movie is full of clichd jokes and characters. In the end, there is no reason for people to like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is probably the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. It's just awful. There are no scenes worth seeing. There is a whole movie that you can see but they don't do anything and you can't understand the characters or anything. There's nothing about the plot or anything in the story that is worth watching.  It's basically just a giant wall of stupid people who are trying to make a point and don't care about anything. I guess the writers thought that this movie was just the way to make the viewer feel better about being on the set, as if they were making a movie that was supposed to be entertaining but was just a bunch of stupid, poorly directed and poorly acted characters.  This was an utter waste of time and I'm just disappointed that I wasted my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A sequel to the awful "Death Of The Last Zombie" (aka "The Zombie Apocalypse") that was the last thing I expected from this director.  As for the movie itself, it was a waste of my time, especially after watching "The Walking Dead", which was the best part of the original.  The only redeeming factor was the cameo appearance by Kevin Sorbo. His appearance was wasted, but the story was still pretty good.  I am sad to say that I gave this movie 4/10, and it was not even the best zombie movie of all time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie because it was on a video tape and I was desperate for something to watch on TV while my wife and I were watching a movie. The film is slow, the story is boring and the ending is stupid. I had no interest in this movie whatsoever, but I watched it anyway and when I saw it again I realized that it was probably one of the worst films I have ever seen. I thought the script was so stupid that I actually felt like I was watching a TV script. I don't think that it had a scriptwriter.  It is really, really awful. The acting was terrible. I was so annoyed by the acting that I kept looking at the screen. The only good thing about the movie was that it didn't make me want to throw up. The whole thing made me feel like I had wasted half an hour of my life. The story could have been done better. It was basically a copy of "The Naked City", which is the worst of the bunch. The actors in this film were basically hired by the director and he was just using them for his own purposes. The writing is not up to snuff either. It had no story whatsoever. The writer was trying to tell the story as if the actors were telling a real story.  I can't believe the director would even make this movie. If he had wanted to make a film about the Vietnam War, he could have made it about the Battle of Fallujah. The way the movie is written and the way the acting was, I would have laughed at it. It is very obvious that this was the director's way of making money and getting the word out about the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what happens when a studio is looking for something to sell.  The idea behind this film was not to tell the story of a family living on a remote island, but rather to make it look as if there was no one living there. It was clearly made for the sake of making the money available for the production, and it was a disappointment to see such a huge production with so little effort put into it.  It was a very short film, just a few minutes long, and unfortunately the actors who had been used to do much more, did not seem to know what to do. Most of the actors were unable to express themselves as well as they had in their previous roles, and the plot was extremely cliche. The music, while not being bad, was extremely boring. It is one of the worst films I have ever seen, and I doubt that any director would be able to make a better one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is not worth watching for the first time. If you are familiar with the movie "Scorpion", you will be able to pick out the mistakes and the inconsistencies. If that is not the case, you are missing out on a good story. I give this film a rating of 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story, while amusing at first, unravels and becomes a little predictable. At the time I saw the film I was a teenager and I was already a bit bored of the genre. I was so taken with the concept that I forgot about the characters and the plot.  The acting was very poor. The actors were not as convincing as they could have been. The cinematography was just OK, I'll give it that. The script, while interesting and engaging, is a bit bland. I would not recommend this film to anyone who likes movies like this. The film lacks the excitement of the earlier ones.  I would give this film a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what's going on here but I'm not sure if it's supposed to be a comedy or a horror movie. It's probably a horror film but the fact that it has a clown as its main character makes it seem more like a horror-comedy. It seems to be trying to create a new horror genre by showing people getting eaten by clowns. It also looks awful with low-budget special effects and no sound. The movie is very clichd with the plot, its characters and its direction. There's also a very odd and unpleasant ending which, I'm guessing, was the intention. The acting is pretty bad as well. I think this is the worst movie I've seen in years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had no interest in this movie at all, until the "review" of it in this review. This is a very sad movie. The movie seems to be made for adults, but they really are not adults, they are children. It makes a very poor impression on me as a young adult. I found it extremely boring. I had to sit through the entire movie with a movie buff to watch it to the end. I felt that it was trying to be an adult movie, but it's not a movie, it's a horrible, awful, awful movie. I really wish someone would do a better job on this movie. It's just an awful mess. It does not deserve a rating of 10/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just finished watching this terrible film. I can only imagine how much of the original movie was taken out for this one. The director was clearly trying to be the next "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", and he couldn't even get the original cast members to agree. In the original series the entire cast was available to return.  I don't think I've ever seen such a poor attempt at a sequel. It was a waste of money.  It was so slow, it almost made the original Buffy seem like a good movie. I mean, it looked like a low budget film at times.  This movie should have stayed at the local video rental store. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting something better. I mean I love "The Matrix" but I did not expect this. The story, in my opinion, was terrible, the acting was awful, the plot was incoherent, the editing was poor, the dialog was extremely choppy, and the special effects were extremely poor. The acting was especially bad in the final act, and it was a very painful experience for me. The fact that the whole thing was made-up is the worst part. I am very sorry but I will not give this movie any more than a 1/10 because I was absolutely disgusted. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a very disappointing effort from all of the actors who were involved. I have to admit that I really wanted to like this movie. I really hoped that the director could pull something together with a little bit of humor. The problem was that the script didn't have any humor, and that the movie lacked anything else. The acting was so-so, the direction was so bad that I just wanted to watch the movie over and over again. I did not understand how the actors were even able to read the lines because the scripts were so terrible. This is probably the worst horror movie I have ever seen.  If you are looking for a great horror film with some action, I suggest that you go and see a different movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not a good experience at all. It was horrible and I cannot believe it was made. The acting was awful, the cinematography was terrible, the sound was terrible. It's not even funny, I mean it's not funny at all, just awful.  This was the first time I've ever seen a bad film with a female lead and she was completely useless as the main character, and the only way she could save the movie was to be the only girl in it.  The script was so bad that I don't even know what the point was, but the script was the only thing that was a plus. I would recommend a bad DVD or worse, skip this film completely. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just awful. The acting was horrible, and the story was unbelievable. I thought I was watching an episode of the show "Hoarders". I can't believe that this movie was made in 1992. This movie is so far from what I expect from a film. I would have thought that they would have tried to make the story a bit more believable. The movie should have been at least 3/10. The music was very cheesy. The special effects were also very bad. I'm giving it a 1/10 because I'm sick of all the other movies like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you enjoy the original and think it's worth an attempt, please don't bother with this remake. I'm just one guy who saw the original, and it didn't hold my interest much at all. This is a sad case of a sequel that is worse than the original. I had to work really hard to try and stay awake through the whole time and it was incredibly boring to see the movie.  The plot and acting was a little bit better than the first, but overall, it's a total failure. I could have left it to the DVD extras if I had paid attention to them. But it was such a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad film with some plot twists but no real story to speak of. It's a lot like the first episode of "I, Robot" with the robot being the main character and the main problem is that this film has no sense of humor. The acting is laughable and the acting in the first few scenes is so bad that the film really doesn't feel like it's trying to be funny. In fact, it's really annoying.  The robot's main problem in the film is that it doesn't know who it is, how it works, what it's capable of, etc. And this is only exacerbated by the fact that the robot has no emotions, is stupid and acts like it knows everything and is invincible. The only thing that keeps the robot from being a complete mess is the idea that it's made out of clay (which was never confirmed) and that it can get out of a machine.  As a result, this film is about as entertaining as "Dazed and Confused". I found the film boring, pointless and poorly directed. It could have been so much better with better writing and direction. The story line is very predictable and the film never really gets anywhere with the film's main idea that the main robot is made out a clay sculpture that it then builds itself. If you want to see a film that is supposed to be the "robot that looks like a human" film, this isn't it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was like a bad parody of a good movie, or a cheap copycat of a great film.  It's an obvious attempt to cash in on the popularity of the films made in the 80's, and even the "Gladius" films of Ridley Scott.  The plot is predictable, and it's a major disappointment because it's an effort to try and do something different from the previous films in the series. The acting is so bad that it's almost laughable. The music is very unoriginal, and the editing is so poor that it just looks like an amateur effort. And even though the action is fairly well choreographed, there's no real sense of fight sequence, and I felt that the story was just a little rushed.  Overall, the film has a fairly low score, and is not worth watching at all, unless you want to be reminded of the low budget horror films that were popular in the late 80's and early 90's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this film is absolutely awful. What the hell was that? What was it even trying to say? It is completely nonsensical, and yet somehow manages to be both incredibly boring and incredibly stupid. I would really be very surprised if anyone found a decent amount of humor in this film. I was expecting something like The Devil and a Half, but somehow this turned into an extremely boring and very stupid comedy. It was just as disappointing as the rest of the films I've seen from the writer/director/writer-director-writer-writer/producer-writer group known as the Comedy Central. This is just plain bad. The acting was bad, and the special effects were absolutely atrocious. I actually thought this film might be better if it were not so heavily edited. It really felt like the director was trying to create a laugh-out-of-a-box type film, which is actually not a bad thing, but it's really disappointing to see them try and do it here. I just wish that this wasn't the only thing that was wrong with this film, and that the writer-director/produger-writer (who also wrote the screenplay) would've just kept it all together and made a better film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was surprised by the low rating given to this movie, since it's a decent film, and is, at least, a lot of fun, but this was just the worst of the bunch. It's basically a bunch of really dumb, annoying people in a boring setting, and even the characters don't have anything to do with the story, which is quite sad. The plot is predictable and predictable, but not much of a story. This is a very odd film to see, because it seems to have been made to appeal to a wider audience than the average horror film. The acting is, to say the least, quite terrible, and I'm not really sure how anyone could find it entertaining.  I would not recommend this film to anyone, unless you're a really bored person with nothing else to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst of all time. It is so bad that it is funny at the beginning, but soon becomes very boring and not even worth mentioning. You get an impression that they made this movie to make money, and that was not even the reason why they made it.  The film contains very little dialogs and almost no real acting, the only actor I can think of is a comedian, but even that doesn't save this movie.  Even the ending is not worth mentioning, there is nothing left for the viewers to do but to laugh, which unfortunately isn't that easy to do in a movie like this. The worst part is that even the best actors in movies can't save a bad one like this, but you can't expect that from a Hollywood blockbuster.  This is probably the worst movie ever made. It just doesn't deserve to be in the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film with no redeeming value whatsoever. It's a shame because there is an interesting script, but I can't imagine how it made it through production. The cast was absolutely horrible and I have to say I was a bit surprised the producers were able to get a director so inexperienced. I'm really surprised they were able make a film like this. I mean I don't think the film would have made it out of Cannes, but for an independent film it was quite a disappointment.  I can only imagine what went through their minds in making the film and I just wish there was a better script. It could have been much better had the script been as good as the actors.   A very strange film to say the least. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the release of the first two Star Trek movies, it was obvious that there was a problem with the third installment. The acting was so bad that it could have been a disaster. The writing was so weak and the story so flat, that you can only conclude that the third film will be a huge disappointment.  A few hours later, I saw this movie. And I think the problem was that the director didn't know how to make the third movie into a decent film. The story was so shallow and the acting so awful that it left me thinking that the movie was made by some poor director that just made a terrible movie.  It's so bad, that if I had to buy it, I'd just get it because it looks so much worse than any other movie that I've ever seen.  I would suggest that you don't buy it because the plot is too shallow and there is no reason to believe that any of the characters are going to survive the movie. I really don't think that there's any hope that anyone in the cast will make it to the end of the movie, but I just don't see a way to salvage this mess of a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what was in the minds of the writers of this movie. I can only say that I was completely baffled at the plot of this film. The movie is a horrible mess of a movie and a complete waste of time. The characters don't make any sense at all. I know that there are actors in this movie and that they are good, but it still makes me wonder what was the thought process behind the movie. The only positive point is that I can say that this movie was very funny and very poorly directed, but the movie itself was a complete mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has to be one of the worst horror movies ever made. It just has no real story line. Just a bunch of guys playing monsters trying to get to the girl. And she is the main character and the only one in the movie with any sort of personality. She's a little girl who lives with her father and stepmother and that's about it. The rest of the movie is just a buncha people running around killing each other. The only thing that got better was the fact that there were no blood effects and the movie never gets scary. The movie has no budget, no special effects, and a lot of blood that I can only assume was splashed on camera.  I would give this movie a 1. If you're a horror fan, I would rate it a 1 but for all the rest of us it would be a 2 or a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie and I just don't understand how this movie got made. The only good thing about it is the "Kara" part which is funny, but what I dislike the most is the fact that it's just not funny at all. It's like a comedy in that sense, but it's so bad. I don't think it has any real humor. The acting was OK, but I felt there were a lot of scenes that were just unnecessary and lame. There was no comedy in the movie at all, just a very depressing and boring plot that has been used in a few movies before, like "The Ring", "The Hangover", "Beverly Hills Cop 2", "Pleasantville", "Gangs of Amadeus". This movie is so bad, that it makes "The Terminator" look like "Lucky", and I dont think that it was even funny. I can't believe that people would actually make a movie like this.  It's just that the whole movie was made to make money, and that's not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few months ago, I watched a video review on the History Channel about a documentary film, "The History Channel Presents: World War II." The director, Brian Kolski, has said that he does not like documentaries, but when you watch his film, you realize that he has made a very poor film. The story is an old man and his family's story, but the film lacks interest for the viewer.  I cannot see how he can call this documentary a "documentary" when it has no story to tell. The movie's plot is completely unbelievable, as the man and the mother of his son and daughter (both actors) were never even married to each other.  In the end, the film ends with the old man (the movie's main character) going back to Germany, but nothing is said about what he will do.  The only redeeming point of the film is the sound track, but this is not enough to make the movie worth seeing.   A bad film, but not the worst film in the history of movies. I give it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't even remember when I first heard of this movie, but I think it was around 2007, and I'm going to assume it's since been made into a DVD.  I was expecting a comedy about a group of actors who were all in their 20's and had to get together and play some kind of game to win money, or something like that. That would be a funny movie.  This movie is a total waste of time, but even worse, it's a waste of space. All of the cast members are very awkward, and the script makes no sense. The entire movie is filled with pointless scenes, and they're all completely unconnected to the plot. There are even two separate plot lines that are connected, but are both so poorly written and overlong that it's just a waste.  All in all, this movie is about the group of people who are in their 40's and who must all play a game to be able to win their money back. But this movie makes no attempt to be funny at all, and it makes no effort to be anything other than a glorified version of the old "How To Win At The Game Of Life" theme song. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "A Christmas Story" is not a Christmas movie. It is not funny. It has nothing that could make you cry. The special effects are OK, but I didn't care about them. The story is stupid. The plot is a mess. The ending is predictable. I didn'T laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a mess. The plot has some sort of logic but it doesn't make sense, it's just a bunch of nonsense, like a kid's movie. If it weren't for the director who was in the movie, I would give this movie 1 out of 10. I mean, what a waste of time. The acting is just bad.  I'm just going to leave this movie alone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an extremely boring, overly long, extremely slow, and completely unnecessary remake of the original "Crow's Tale" (one of my favorites of the 80's) that should have been cut in half. There were several plot holes, and it's just plain bad acting, dialogue, and direction. It's just so awful that I would never give a "B" to this movie. The only redeeming aspect was the beautiful music by Bob Weston. If you're going to watch this, I'd suggest you wait until you can actually enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie, not even a good movie. It had some good parts, but overall it's just so boring. It's not like it's going to win an award, but it's a very disappointing waste of my time. It has all the same plot devices that other comedies have used over and over again, so I'm sure that the film makers have tried to make the best of it.  The acting is just awful. Even the best actor I've ever seen, Jim Carrey, has to act like a total dumbass when it comes to comedy. It just makes me wonder how they made this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion this is one of the worst movies ever made. The acting was so awful and the script is so awful that it's actually funny! This film had the potential to be great if the plot was a little better. But sadly, that's not the case here. The film was so slow paced, and the plot had too many unanswered questions.  One thing I liked was the little bit of horror. I wish I could see the horror again. The only way I can see it again is if they actually remake the film, which I don't think is possible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film on cable a few years ago, and it was a total waste of time. There were no effects at all, no special effects, and most of the acting was weak. It was really awful, and I was so disgusted I gave it 3/10. I still remember how badly it made me feel afterwards. The film was just a bunch of poorly acted, poorly directed and poorly acted people talking about some stupid, pointless, pointless and boring topic. The plot was a waste of the viewer's time, and the entire film felt very much like an experiment from some low budget horror/science fiction production company.  It wasn't even particularly scary or scary in any way.  The movie didn't even make much sense, which is a major disappointment to anyone who wants to see a movie about the paranormal or the supernatural. It's all just an excuse to make an hour and a half long series of people talking. The whole thing was boring, pointless to the point where it was impossible to care, and just made no sense.  If you want to see some low-budget horror/sci-fi/vampire/etc, I suggest you go and see this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was very disappointing to see how this movie could not take into account the fact that the movie was filmed in Spain and thus, it looked like a Spanish version of the movie "Rudy" (with the famous music) without the Spanish actors and director of the Spanish version, this movie, if this is how it was made. It didn't have a great story, it didn't add anything to the movie besides being a low budget, poorly made film. The movie did not make the actors look like they had a great role, like in the Spanish movies "Trontera" (the one with the song "Tornado" by Zico) or "The Little Fighter", the Spanish film that made an impression on me. The actors in this movie were very average, the plot was weak and there were too many scenes that were unnecessary. It's sad to see a movie that was supposed to be an homage to "Rudo" that looked like it could have been made with "Rude" actors in mind. I would not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story, although somewhat predictable, is predictable. The plot is so shallow that it's hard to believe there are actually three acts to it. The story is not as well thought out as it could be, but that's because the actors (as usual, not much talent, except for one great actor) are so awful and so bad that they're in a good movie: I can't believe it.  I would've given it a 3.5 rating, but I'm getting ahead of myself.   So if you want a film with a plot and acting that are less predictable than a good action movie, then don't watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a disappointment. I felt like I was watching a kid get killed off. I think the writers and director could have done better if they had done something different with the story. It didn't seem to be much of a story but it seemed to be trying to make it all into a horror movie. The characters didn't even have much of an arc, there was no mystery or suspense. I could not understand what the point was of this movie. And the special effects looked like they were made with a 10 year old. I got tired of the whole thing after half an hour of watching. This movie had no direction, and the story seemed to have been made up on the spot. I guess I just didn't like the direction or the writing. I really don't understand why anyone would have spent 10 hours writing a movie about a little girl killing a giant monster.   The story was so poorly told that I don't know what it was supposed to be.  I saw this movie because I had heard about it in the local papers. And I can only imagine what they had to do with it. It seems to me that they probably just thought it was a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, in which we get to see the titular characters in the woods, is so boring. It has a plot that is not very well developed, but the movie is so terribly made that it's actually kind of funny. There's no real story line and the only reason I can see the movie going in this direction is because it is the only thing that this movie has. It's just a series of people who want to escape from something.  This is just a bad excuse to have people on screen. There are plenty of better movies. I wish this was a TV movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is too predictable, the story is too slow and the acting is not believable.  The characters are all stereotypes, but that is not the point. The point is the fact that it is a very slow, formulaic movie with no character development. It is a movie that is a waste of your time. It has a very cheesy plot and a very lame and irritating script. The worst part is the characters. All the main characters are so bland, dull, uninteresting, and unfunny. You can just look at the face of one of the main actors and see that he is completely and utterly annoying. It's a pity that the movie has to come out so late at night and it is so late that it makes the audience feel as if they wasted their time.  Please watch this movie with some good friends and not alone. It does not deserve a recommendation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never seen this movie before and I really wanted to. However, I saw it and I couldn't help but think that it was one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen.  The story seemed to be made up on the fly and completely nonsensical. The acting was horrible and it felt like the actors were just trying to be scary. I thought the movie could have been so much better if the story were a bit better, but I guess that would have ruined the whole thing. The movie was so boring and slow that you could watch it forever and never know if the movie is even going to be a little bit scary or not. The DVD version of this movie was not even the worst DVD of the year.  I don't even think the actors can act. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film extremely disappointing, especially since it is directed by a man who is a good actor but not a good director.  The plot is so unbelievable that I found myself laughing out loud when the plot started. The whole thing was a complete waste of my time and even when it was funny I could not enjoy it. The film was about 1/3 the way through when it finally started to feel interesting. The only thing that made the film worth watching was the song, which was actually pretty funny but not funny enough to make me laugh.   The movie was very slow paced, very predictable and very dull.  It was very, very slow.  If you like action-horror movies then do not bother. This film is not worth watching. If you want to see a boring movie that will make you feel like a complete idiot then this film is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the absolute worst "Star Trek" movie ever made.  No matter what it was called, it sucked.  There was nothing in the script, no plot, no story line, just a bunch of shots and effects and dialogue. It was as if a studio gave a script to a bunch TV producers, and they gave them the script and told them to make it up as they went along. There were many moments that I couldn't even believe the actors were on the screen at the time. It just was awful.  I found the movie's plot to be unbelievable. The plot was predictable. I mean, "Captain Kirk" would make the decisions, and Kirk would then make the decision. This movie was a huge waste of time. I can't believe that anyone took this movie seriously.  The only reason I gave it a 10 is because it was "Empire Strikes Back." If you can't enjoy this movie, go watch "E.T." instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few months ago, I stumbled across a movie called "Fractures". I thought it was good. It had great action and some really interesting characters.  I watched it, and was absolutely devastated. It was awful. There was no plot, there were no interesting characters, and most of the characters were boring.  Now, I'm going to say something that's never happened before. I'm giving this movie a 1/10.  It's just as bad as "Fugitive".  The actors were good, the script was good, but they just made "Fraction" into an endless pile of bad jokes and boring plot.  And I'm not even talking about the acting, it's just that the film was so boring that I couldn't stand to watch it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has absolutely nothing to do with the book. The movie is an uninteresting, dull, and unimaginative waste of time. I'm not kidding. Even when the movie was not playing and the plot was not being told, the movie didn't have any interest in me. It was a waste of space and a waste to spend hours watching a movie without enjoying it. This movie is so boring, and so utterly pointless, that I actually feel sick seeing it. I really can't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poor excuse for a comedy. Nothing in this film made me laugh and I found it a total waste of time.  The acting was weak and the script was boring. The film was so over the top, that it was just plain awful.   I have been to many a bad comedy and this was not one of them.  In this movie, the characters are all about 10 seconds away from being a complete joke.  A good comedy needs a decent script and this has a very bad script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First time seeing the movie, I was expecting a more interesting and exciting story. What I got was a cheap, generic, and predictable comedy. In my opinion, the main reason for the lack of fun was the lacklustre acting, poor direction, and awful music.  I was just looking for a comedy, but I could only find one, and I was extremely disappointed. The story was predictable, and the script was a bit dull.  The film was made for a 2,000 audience, not for a movie-going audience. I'm sure it will make money, but it isn't worth watching it. I would rather have seen an original, exciting movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen all of the above movies (the original, the remake, the original again and again) and have always found them to be terrible. It's like the whole film is a bunch of people that have no clue how to act. They are all so boring and predictable that it's difficult to tell whether or not they are acting or if they are trying to be funny.  If you like horror movies, go for it. If you don't like horror, don't watch it. It is a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so awful I can't even tell you where it was made or if it was a movie. It was made in Mexico, the first movie I ever saw in my life that was so devoid of any of the things we know and love about American movies and music and that had the nerve to say "I'm not gonna tell you anything" and then when you got to the end of the film, you would never guess it. The story is a bunch of nonsense. If you are expecting a good western to be like The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, this movie is not it. This is an average movie that is supposed to be interesting but that comes up with so many flat lines and stupid scenes that you can't take it seriously. I just don't understand how the people in this film had so much fun writing it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating is a 1.25 out of 10. This is a bad, very poorly made, extremely uninspired, and extremely shallow excuse for a film. I can't say anything good about it, because it is very, very bad. The acting is not very good, the plot is just plain terrible, and there's hardly anything redeeming about the movie. I'll give it a 3. The film doesn't even have the dignity of a 3 out of 20.  I gave the original version a 2, and the DVD version a 1 because the DVD had subtitles. The DVD also has a 1/10 rating for its acting, and 1/100 for its plot.  This movie is just so, so, very, really awful. If I can find a way to rate it at a 2 or a 1, I will, but I don't think I'll be able to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like movies with the word "The" in it, then you will be hard pressed to make out why anyone would bother to watch this film. It is so poorly directed and so slow moving that the plot could easily have been done with a camera rolling in real time instead of going straight to the camera and projecting it in slow motion, and that would have probably done a better job of keeping the viewer's attention. I have never been a fan of the movie "The Blair Witch Project" because of the fact that it has all of the elements of a horror movie, but in this case, the movie has none of them.  It is a completely pointless attempt to cash in on the popularity of "The Conjuring" and a whole lot of other horror movies made in recent years, but it will probably be remembered as a dud because it was so poorly written and so uninteresting. I am sure that if you look at the box office returns for "The Walking Dead" you will see that the movie was a huge success for the horror movie genre and that is the reason why I rated it so poorly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie twice, and it's really awful. It has a very low rating on IMDb, so I can't really say much about it. The first time I saw it, I felt it was just a poorly-made, overly long, and poorly-written story about a boy who kills all of his family in order to gain revenge for a bad joke he made. After watching it twice, I was still annoyed by it, but I couldn't say why. The second time, I saw the film as a kind of homage to the infamous "I'm a psycho" sketch from the old Saturday Night Live "Weekend Update" sketch show, where an actor played a serial killer who made off with all of the money from his victims' families. This movie really doesn't do anything to remind me of this sketch. It's just another example of the old Hollywood's inability to make a bad film good. I just can't believe anyone who was in on this production would still be involved with it. I feel like the people who made this film should just be fired. I don't understand how anyone could find this movie funny, and I can only assume that the people in charge of making it knew they were making a joke. I can say, however, that I personally don't think this movie was made in good faith, because there's no way it could have been that funny. This film really doesn't deserve to be made into an "A-grade comedy", because it was obviously made for people who can't stand to be disturbed by anything, or who can never have a good movie made of their own. The only thing I can recommend this movie for is as a quick watch if you want to see what an idiot you are. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line about a father who had lost his son and tried to help the boy grow up was very interesting but the rest of the movie was very boring. The actor who played the father did a really bad job.  It's a shame because the movie wasn't bad enough to keep me from watching the entire movie but it was so boring that I just put it on my "watch and forget" list. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A documentary about the "Black-American Musical Revolution", the film attempts to cast African-Americans in the role of supporting cast. The results are predictable and predictable. The film shows how much effort it took to make the Harlem Renaissance happen, and how much more effort it would take to recreate the same situation.  The movie is not very well-done. There are too many moments where the actor has no idea what he is doing. There is too much exposition. There isn't enough time for the characters to develop. I thought the script was a bit too slow for a movie about "Black" and "Mick" and how they got together.  In addition, the script doesn't really make sense. Why does the character go to a movie and buy a movie ticket? Why does he go to the bar and drink? Why doesn't he stay at home and watch TV? Why is he staying at the bar? The movie's only saving grace is that it does make the lives of the actors seem a bit less mundane. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has been done before and will probably be done again. The only thing I really dislike about it is the awful title. This film isn't about a football team, it's about a group of friends and their relationship with a football club. It's a film that tries to be funny and pretentious but falls short of that.  The acting is abysmal, the directing is awful, the production values are so low that you'd be forgiven for assuming it's some kind of low-budget production.  I found the movie quite irritating and, at times, even boring. I can't see any reason to see it. The characters don't seem to have any motivation or are portrayed as useless idiots. If you like soccer, I suggest you skip this movie and avoid the 'football' movie genre. The football movie genre doesn't need this film. It is more a symptom of a football-mad nation.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is so wooden, the dialog so weak, the plot so weak and so predictable that you wonder why they even bothered trying to make this film.  It has all the hallmarks of a cheap, low budget production, with the typical film-maker's over-eagerness to put out anything that will make money. The cast is, again, not particularly good.  The special effects were so poor that I almost felt like they were being used as props, and the effects on the horses were so amateurish that I was actually concerned that they might end up looking as ridiculous as the film itself.  I would have preferred a bit more creativity.   The only redeeming quality of the film is that it contains some great music. The rest of the soundtrack was a complete bore. I give the movie a 1/10, because I really wanted to like it, but just couldn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion the most boring movie I've seen in years. The whole story is just ridiculous and there is absolutely no substance to the story. I am a HUGE fan of James Bond, but this movie was completely pointless. I can't believe that the producers allowed this to happen. I would really like to see Daniel Craig's face at the end of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing "Shaft" and "Hair" back in the early 90's I finally saw this film, and I wasn't impressed. This film isn't even a comedy. It's an attempt at an 80's throwback. A lot of people were fooled by the title, and the plot, and by the direction of the music. I just can't understand how someone could spend an hour and 40 minutes in a comedy that had so much wasted energy that it ruined the movie.  It's the worst of all "Shooting Stars" movies. And it's worse than "The Wedding Singer" (which is a decent comedy) because it tries to be so much more than it is. It has nothing to do with comedy, and nothing to offer, except for the humor.  A very bad movie. Avoid at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an unmitigated embarrassment to the medium of cinema. Its sole purpose is to generate the lowest possible ratings. As the film begins, we are treated to a montage of scenes involving a series of different types of vehicles (and animals) traveling from one place to another, and we get to hear the sound effects of various types of animal noises. It's a little difficult to tell where one scene begins and another begins, and when one character says something that is supposed to be "awesome" or "brilliant" or the other, you have to remember that they are talking to a character that is at least 10 years older than the actors and should have a sense of perspective, which they seem to lack.  There are a few good moments, but they are few and far between. The only memorable scene is where the "hero" (played by the director, Tony Richardson) talks to a young boy, who was the only character who seemed to understand the entire film and could react to what was said.  The plot itself is so incredibly predictable that it is not worth bothering to discuss it. It is, in fact, quite boring, and the whole movie is made worse by the fact that it tries to do a few things that are completely useless. It tries to make you laugh at the "bad guy" for not having a gun or not being able to shoot an animal without killing it, or that the "good guy" is a girl who doesn't know how to read a gun. It never gets anywhere near what it needs to do, but it tries, and it ends up looking like a bad joke, and that's all that's good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was okay, the story was not interesting and the acting was terrible. The plot is too simple to make any sense. It's very easy to tell that the director doesn't care about the story at all. The ending is very unsatisfying and the movie could have been much better if the director had tried to create some suspense. There were several moments when the movie went downhill. The main characters weren't as interesting as they should have been. They had no personality and the ending left them feeling very disappointed.  The only redeeming point is the song, which was OK but not worth the $7.99 it cost.  Overall, a very mediocre and uninspired movie with nothing to recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never seen this movie, and I am a fan of all those who made it. This was the worst movie I've ever seen. It was a very disappointing first attempt at a horror flick, but the director, Michael Nizier, had a hard time even getting an audience. I saw it in one of those "movies for kids" that is a waste of time for adults. I don't know if I will ever see this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those films that seems to be made to be watched once and never seen again. What could have been a decent film, if not for the fact that it was made for a television series, suffers from so many problems that make the film seem pointless. It's a pity, since this is a show about an alien invasion of Earth, which is something that the film barely touches upon. It should be about the aliens attacking Earth in the form of UFO's. And since the aliens have the technology to make flying saucers and do so for many decades, why don't they do it?  It's interesting to see how the story develops, but not nearly as interesting as the direction, acting, and direction that the rest of the film is given. It would have been nice to have some sort of originality, but there's nothing to write about here. The film's only redeeming quality is the cast, and that has a lot to do with the fact the film was made in 1984. I'm not sure why anyone would want to watch this film, as it would be better off if you were watching something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bit too much about the stars. I've seen the other two - they're just better - but this one was just... not even good. I would have liked to see a bit more. A lot of shots were unnecessary and I felt the story was a bit pointless. I don't know how much of the film was shot, but the ending is the only part that makes sense and it's not worth the $12. The cast is terrible, except for a couple of actors who did the best they could.  The sound was just terrible. You could just imagine the director of this film screaming to the camera about the script. It's a mess.  I really think they should have just taken out the ending and made a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really surprised when I saw that "Lamp" was made in the year 2000.  I'm not too much into the "Hollywood" style of horror movies, but I still like the movies made during that time. "LAMP" was just plain bad. The story was not good and the acting was poor. The cinematography was also terrible. I couldn't believe the script for even one second. There was absolutely no plot. The only thing I was able to believe was that the director (Steven Segal) and the writer (Gary Susskind) were going to make a movie about a group of kids who are out of control, not that the story was going to be so funny and exciting.  So what I'm saying is that this movie sucked. It's just plain boring. If you're a horror fan, you'll probably enjoy it more than me. If not, it's still bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at the B-movie house in Austin, TX, and it was the worst movie I've ever seen. It wasn't even funny. The acting was so flat and uninteresting that I laughed my butt off. And when the script was so stupid that it was unbelievable and I could not help but think of a better script, it was so much worse.  The only saving grace was that the actors were really good, but that's all it was. I was so disgusted with this movie that I went home and watched a movie that was so better.  This movie should not have been made and the actors should be ashamed for making it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so poorly written and so badly acted. The acting is awful, the plot is weak, the directing is terrible, the cinematography is so dull that it looks like it was filmed on a cheap camcorder. And the ending is so weak that it's almost unbearable. I give it 2 out of 10.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a bit slow, and there are some scenes that drag a bit. The acting is somewhat lacking, and the soundtrack has some very bad movie music. The film isn't funny, but that's the biggest problem.  The whole movie feels like a giant waste of time. It's a sad pity to see such a promising film become so completely and utterly ruined by a script and a direction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a big fan of horror movies. I just want to get out of the house, go to the movie theater and watch scary movies. However, I have to admit that this movie was the worst thing I have ever seen. I can't believe that they even bothered to make it. It's so bad that you want to turn the lights off and run. You can't find any scares at all. It makes you feel as if you are in a dream. And you want the lights to turn off. The only thing I can say good about it is that it does not feature any vampires, werewolves or vampires. I guess that they just don't want to scare people in a low budget horror flick. But I think that they could have done better if they had gone the cheap route and used a few cheap extras. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie with no redeeming qualities whatsoever. Not even a decent "filler", and hardly a decent movie, but it has to be the worst "filling" I've ever seen. The acting is poor. The script is a bunch of clichd drivel. The sound is awful. The plot is so incredibly clichd that I couldn't even get through it. If you're looking for an average "comedy", this is probably not the movie for you. However, if you're searching for a boring, poorly made movie with little to no redeemable qualities, this is the movie to choose. The film is so far from funny that it is really quite frightening. If it weren't for the fact that it has no redeemning qualities, I would rate it higher, but I don't know how to justify this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really not a comedy.  It has a few funny parts but it is just a waste of time.  The first half of the movie is just really boring. The second half of it is a waste as well.  There is no sense of humor and the story has no redeeming points.  This was a waste. There are no jokes in this movie.  I thought this was the worst movie I've ever seen. The story is just stupid and there is no humor in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was the lowest of the bunch. The characters had no story to tell, and all the plot was predictable. Even the ending was predictable, but not the story. There were no moments where the plot or characters had any life or emotion, and the whole thing seemed to be a long time coming.  This is a waste of time and money. Just like most of the movies that are rated as "cringe" in their genre, this movie could have been a really good movie, but it wasn't. It is just a bunch of shots and characters in a bad place and not much story. I didn't know what to think of the actors or how they were supposed to act or even have a life or story. It was all just one big boring chase scene with no emotional stakes and no real story.  It also got a 2 out of 10 from me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had no interest in watching this. I got bored and decided to watch the rest of the movie on DVD, and I am disappointed that I didn't see any mention of the fact that this movie is a flop.  It is actually the most boring and predictable movie I've ever seen, and that's saying something. It doesn't make sense. The movie is actually about a group of four friends (the two main characters, Nick and Kat), who are trying to get into a local movie theater. However, the movie takes place in a town, and the group decides to set up a booth in a movie theater, because that's what the local theater owner said they were supposed to do. After the movie starts, Nick goes to the clerk's office and asks for a refund, since they are now in the movie theater business. The clerk then tells Nick and the other two characters that they are not in business and that the theater is now a movie house, and to leave the booth and go to the next movie theater if they want. Nick and Nick's friend Kat then go to another movie theater where they're supposed to sit with the other four guys, but the movie just ends. The guys just stand there and stare at the movie screen for 30 minutes, and they don't even get to sit on the screen anymore.  What a waste of time. The only reason why I rated this movie a 1 is because the other guys' "gang" seems to be more interesting, and Nick and Kate don't act like dumb kids.  The movie doesn't have a happy ending, and doesn't really end with any kind of resolution, which I thought was a pretty cool feature to have.  If you want to watch a bad horror movie, watch this one. Don't waste your time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was so bad that you had to sit there and watch it slowly. You can never take it seriously. It is a comedy. There is no story, no story there, only stupid jokes. You want to laugh, but you don't have to.  The acting is horrible, it is awful, the acting is so terrible. There was no sense of humor. It was so over the top that it made you laugh and cry at the same time. I mean, what is the point of making fun of a bad joke? It was a total waste of time and it was not funny. The acting was bad for every actor in the movie. It seemed like every one was trying to act like a total idiot. The only one that didn't seem to do anything was Gary Busey. He did his best to keep the humor of the movie in there, but it was all wasted.  It was horrible, so awful that it makes you wonder how you ever let it go on to the end.  I don't know if this movie will get a rating higher than 1.5 out of 10, but I'm just gonna give it to them. I'm gonna give them 1 out of 3. I don' feel like it deserves it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only assume that this was meant to be a "reaction" film.  The acting was bad, the direction was bad and the music was terrible. I cannot understand how anyone who made this movie could not have made a better one. The only reason I give this movie 2 stars is because it was in some ways an improvement on the previous one (the earlier one was worse). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't even a decent horror movie, it's just a collection of people (somehow) trying to scare each other. They just get wasted trying to get their point across. I mean, really, who really wants to see a bunch of people try to kill each other? It's just not even scary.  The acting is pretty lame (they can't even be bothered to do a good job here), the plot is bad, and the movie just plain looks like a bunch more people are trying to make this movie look scary than anything else.  Overall, this movie is a big waste of time. Don't waste your time and don't waste any money on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is a complete waste of time, and in the worst way possible. All of the movie was pointless. There was no direction, no story, and not a single character. The best I can say is that the acting was okay.  The story line is unbelievable. It's not the characters fault. The director just has no ideas, and doesn't care.  I don't know if this was a test for the actors or if this is how a studio exec feels about the movie. I can't believe this movie.  This film was a complete disappointment. The acting was awful, and the plot was just plain stupid. The ending sucked. And the ending sucked even worse than the story line.  It's a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was sooo obvious that this film had nothing to do with anything.  There was absolutely no character development whatsoever in this film, the story was a complete waste of time. The acting was awful and the script was so contrived it made my eyes roll backwards. I thought the story had a happy ending but there wasn't one! The ending left a really bad taste in my mouth and I felt that the filmmakers could have made a better film if they hadn't tried to make this one into an adult film.  If you like your sci-fi movies you might like this, if you don't you dont. I didn't like it and I didnt like the director, who I believe had a very poor understanding of the genre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen many movies where the cast members are in charge of a very short, but incredibly poorly written and directed film. This one has the worst plot I've ever heard of. Even the director and writer admit that they don't know what the hell this film is about, so the acting and directing are terrible. The actors are not that funny, the plot is not interesting, and the script is so poorly written that it is difficult to tell what is going on. The only reason I gave this movie a 1 out of 10 is because I was expecting something better.  I'd give it a 1.5 out of ten if I could, but I'm afraid I'll be stuck in the middle of this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only redeeming quality of this movie is that it made the name "Hollywood Classics" synonymous with films from the 60's and 70's. Unfortunately, this film is just a collection of recycled footage from the 1950's and 60's.  In some cases, you get the impression that the film makers thought they were making an actual documentary. However, the story is extremely predictable. It is the story of a young woman who falls in love with a man who has recently lost his wife and has moved into a house and is trying to win her over by taking care of her.  Unfortunately, she starts to fall in love and she falls in the bathroom, but she keeps her distance. When the man comes back into the bathroom she tries to seduce him. Unfortunately for her, he has no experience with women and can't even kiss her. Her husband gets into a fight with his wife because she is making advances on him. After the husband comes home, she finds him sleeping on the couch and starts to sedate him. They start to have sex and she keeps coming back to the bedroom and the husband starts to like her. Then the husband is in a coma and his wife dies because he is dead.  Then the credits roll and you hear that they're making a movie about "hollywood classics" that was so terrible that people were actually talking about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen. If it were not for the actors, who were both extremely annoying and the acting, it would have been an enjoyable movie. The movie's premise is ridiculous. It begins with a killer who is so obsessed with killing people, that he goes on a killing spree that he kills all of his victims with an ice pick. After being arrested, he is given a chance to get out by claiming to be insane. He becomes more and more insane. Then he kills himself. The killer is really a "psychopath", and the movie doesn't care that he killed a man. He kills the woman and the dog, and then kills himself again.  After the killer dies, the film just goes on. The actor playing the killer has no personality whatsoever. It's just a mess. I found it very disturbing. I really wish I had never seen this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes for this movie, but after watching it, I realized that I had paid for it. It's not funny, it's not original, it lacks a plot, it doesn't have an interesting story and it is the most boring and predictable movie I have ever seen. There is nothing that could have been done to improve the quality of this movie. I am sorry to say, but I was disappointed.  I'm just one person who had the chance to see it. If you are looking for a funny comedy with a plot to it, go for it; if you are in search of a mediocre comedy, don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film when it came out, and it was terrible. The only positive thing I can say is that the movie is about a family of four, and I don't think that it could have been made any worse. I have no idea how they were able to make it, and even if I did, I wouldn't want to see the movie.  The acting is just so-so, and the cinematography is awful. It makes no sense, and every shot looks fake. This is a film that needs to be seen on YouTube or on DVD, and probably not in a theater, because it's so awful. I wouldn;t recommend this movie at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie twice now.  First time, I watched it with my friend, who was an avid fan of the show and who was in the movie at all times. Then, I saw it again with my mother. She, the one who I consider to be a decent movie fan, saw this movie and said that it was just an hour long and that she was sick of watching it.  But I can tell you that it is a long movie and it takes forever to get through it. There are no plot lines that make sense, and the characters are not believable. You know what I mean when I say "characters are not realistic." Even though the movie is very brief, it lasts for about an hour and a half. I would like to have seen a movie that actually makes sense instead of having to sit through this.  I don't think it was worth the money. There was only 2 other movies on DVD that were this bad. I think the only good movie is "The Big Bad Voodoo Monster" which is in black and white. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is one movie that really stood out from all the others in the competition. I really liked the movie, but it was the movie that was not really made to show off the actors in it. I guess this is a film that people have to watch to make a big point.  I thought the movie was awful, I could hardly understand it at all. The acting was just terrible, the direction was terrible and the story was just stupid.  The movie should be shown in a theater, where people can enjoy it, instead of being made into a DVD, to be shown to people who would be watching the movie. I am really disgusted by this kind of movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had seen this before and was disappointed. There was no real plot and no real emotion. It just felt like there was no point to the story and it had nothing to offer other than the fact that this movie had been shot at the same time as I was watching. I was more of a fan of the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" show, so I was hoping for a little more depth. I didn't think the movie would have lasted more than a couple of hours.  I'm not sure how long it actually lasted, but it wasn't much more than 10 minutes. That's about all I can say for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really hate that "Mad Dogs" is one of the "BEST OF THE BORGIES" movies. Why did the original title "The Mad Dogs" got the nod over the original "Mad Dog" title? The original was the first time I've ever seen the Mad Dog character portrayed. Why would the producers of this movie decide to go with the first title over the first movie? This is a very poor effort. I feel as though the writer didn't even bother to write the script. I would have liked to see the story told from the first angle.  I also feel like the movie had an extremely slow pace. There is so much time wasted in the movie. I can only imagine what the producers must have gone through just to have this movie. This movie should be released as a "B-movie" with a title like "The Wolf Pack". The director could have had the guts to actually make the movie, but instead, he chose to waste his time writing the script, and that was a real shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A remake of the "Crazy Crazy" is what this movie was. If that makes sense. I didn't know what to make of it at first. I mean, there was the original and then the remake and then there was this. It's just the worst of all of them. It has a very predictable ending. It starts out slow and then goes into overdrive. The plot is extremely predictable. If you're a fan of the original movie, you'll enjoy the remake. If not, you will probably hate it. I'm sorry, I just had to write that. I guess I just couldn't help myself. I know that's what I was thinking.  The acting was terrible. There was no chemistry between the actors. The only thing that worked was the soundtrack. It was OK. But not really. I give it a 3/10.  I really wish I had seen the original. It would have been so much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film absolutely ridiculous. I was so angry with the director that I actually cried when he cut off the part of the movie where he had the characters (including the characters in the movie) talking about their feelings towards each other. I wanted to be like them and then they turn into characters that I thought they were supposed to be. It's so obvious that this is supposed to have a romantic ending, but it's not. It was so much more pathetic and ridiculous than the other movies I saw in the same genre. It really sucked the life out of me.   The movie was so poorly made that I couldn't believe that the producers of this movie were even trying to make this movie. It makes no sense to me at all. They obviously thought that they were doing something funny and that was the reason they made it so unbelievable.  If they weren't trying to be funny, then they should have made the movie "Funny People". It would have been funnier and would have had a lot more appeal. I'm not even sure why they even made the film this way. It just looks like the producers thought they would make the movie funny, but that's not what they did. They made the characters look like idiots who are acting so stupid that they're actually making fun of the people who are playing them. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this movie on TV and the plot line was so lame. The only thing I could enjoy was the scene where the woman was holding the camera (no sound). I am guessing she had a baby and didn't want the camera to record the baby's death.  The ending was so stupid. I mean, if I was in her shoes, I would not hold the camera so close. This movie was so poorly made I thought I would be the only person who disliked it.  I think the only thing that saved this movie was the guy who plays the detective. He is very handsome and has a great smile but the movie was such a waste of time. I'm guessing he was paid $300,000 to do this movie and I would hate to see him do the same thing again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, the movie is only about a young couple, and not a married couple, so there is no real suspense about the couple's relationship. In fact, this movie is so boring and predictable that I thought it was going to be one of those "slippery slope" movies, like "The Stepfather", but the whole movie was a disaster!  As for the movie, it's too bad because I can't remember how it ended, but I can imagine it was a complete disaster, and I'm sure it wasn't even remotely funny. The plot was unbelievable. It seemed like it was all done in a couple of hours, and then the plot went off the rails and the plot became meaningless. The whole movie seemed like a waste of time.  The only reason I can remember for this terrible movie was because it was based on the book "The Last Stand", by George Axelrod.  There are other movies about a couple who marry, but none of them even come close to this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I watched this movie when I was a teenager and I'm not sure if it was made in 1988 or 1990. This is one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen. The acting is horrible and the script is terrible. The monster looks nothing like a wolf, but I'm a huge fan of the "Wolfman" comic book.  It's just not funny at all. It's basically a horror flick with a really bad script. It would be a lot better if the movie were made by someone else, but that would be impossible.  I don't understand why this movie was made. It looks like an awful movie made by an overpaid student of horror movies. The music is really annoying and the monster doesn't even look like a human being. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a bit ridiculous. The idea of a "superhero" that is able to run at break-neck speeds through the streets of Manhattan is a pretty weak gimmick.  The acting is awful. The music is very unappealing and the cinematography is not that good. This is not the worst movie I have seen, but I cannot recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie that is actually about a girl's relationship with her boyfriend (played by a guy named Paul) that is presented in a way that does not fit the storyline and doesn't make sense, it's a total waste of time. The story is really bad and the characters are the worst in the movie. The director doesn't seem to know how to shoot the movie so everything looks so fake and not believable. There is no reason to believe that a girl could fall in love with Paul, because he isn't a very attractive guy, although there are a few reasons to believe in this guy.  The movie tries to have it both ways and tries to make the romance believable by presenting the couple as having a happy, supportive relationship.  I can't believe that the director has made such a bad film and not done something with better dialogue.  This movie doesn't deserve to be made. The actors are horrible and the story has no redeeming value. I recommend not to watch this movie, unless you're really into the girl/boy relationship. The cast should've been fired for such a horrible mistake. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has been made to promote a young American boy, who was killed in a tragic car accident, and it is supposed to be a film about how the young man's father's friends, played by some pretty average Hollywood stars, should never have gone out on that night. The movie tries to make the case that the accident was an accident that happened by chance, and that the driver was responsible for the crash. But that's just the movie version of the story. The real story was the young driver's friends were drunk and were speeding when they were supposed to slow down.  The film is so bad that I can't believe anyone in their right mind would ever give it a chance to be rated. The plot seems to be nothing more than the movie studio's attempt to make a movie about a tragedy by making the family members who played in the movie look bad. I just cannot believe that the producers and director would want to make such a horrible movie, and they obviously had no intention of making a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is pretty much one big, long-winded rant. The first half of the movie is basically just this guy making an ass of himself over a bad film. There are many scenes that could have been cut. He talks too fast and makes a lot of mistakes. I think he should have gone more slow and focused. I don't think he really cares about the story, but it does make you feel bad for having to watch him for so long.  He tries to be funny by making his characters talk really fast and talking about things that are really pointless. It's really stupid and boring.   The other characters don't even deserve much screen time, but are made to look as ridiculous as possible. The best part of the whole movie is when he starts yelling about the movie and says that he would never do such a thing again.  If you want to see an awful movie, you can watch this one over and over again. If you have any sort of taste, you will be disappointed that you spent so much time in this movie and not on a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only positive point to this movie is that it's not so much a comedy as it is a series of short, but incredibly stupid and awful one-liners.  Unfortunately, the director is clearly making fun of the premise, not the characters. The acting is not that bad, but the script is terrible.  The characters are so unoriginal, the script doesn't make sense and the dialog is so slow.  One character in particular, who is supposed to be a "professional poker player", is really just a very irritating person.  I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. If you want a cheap laugh at the expense of some actors, then go ahead. I can't recommend it because the script, script, and script, are terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so incredibly dull and boring that I cannot even believe it exists. I mean, just look at the cast and their roles.  The only redeeming factor in this flick is that the characters are actually interesting. But in all seriousness, there is absolutely no excuse for this flick.  Just look at it for what it is, a blatant attempt at a "B-Movie" in the vein of "The Sixth Sense". The story is completely unbelievable, and it's so completely boring that even if the characters did have some level of intelligence, it would have been lost on the audience. I don't know how anyone can say that this is "real". There's nothing even remotely believable about it. It's just a complete waste of time.  I can't believe the producers allowed this to go on so long. It should have been taken out of the theatres immediately. It is the worst "B Movie" I've ever seen.  It's not worth watching unless you're into "B" films, or if you're a sucker for a good B Movie.  Don't waste your time. Don't buy it, don't rent it, and don't look forward to watching it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is about a group of six friends who get thrown out of a bad, nasty, nasty movie, and end up on their own. The movie is so bad that the cast is more like a bunch of people in a room doing a bad job of acting than anything else. The script is a pile of clichd, predictable, and just plain awful. It's not a comedy, it's a low-budget horror/comedy, and it's so bad, it can only be described as a complete and utter waste of time.  I cannot recommend this movie. It is so awful that it should be avoided at all costs. This is one of those movies that should only be seen by people who don't have the stomach for the kind of horror films they usually make. If you are a horror film lover, you'll be disappointed. If horror fans are people who want to be entertained, then you'll likely find this movie a bore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are no real story lines, no real characters or anything to interest you. This is really a joke that is supposed to be funny. All you get is a bunch of drunk people who get a little drunk every once in a while. The whole movie is really made to make you feel like you are in a crappy college dorm. The actors are too drunk to act and the dialog is so unbelievable that you would think it was from a really low budget movie. You have to watch it to understand what is happening, but you will never understand why the actors and director made it like that. It makes absolutely no sense at all. I don't think it's a very good movie and I don' think I will ever see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe how badly this film is rated.  The acting is poor. The script is absolutely horrible. The director should not have even bothered to put together a film this long, but he did. The story and the characters are not believable at all. It's basically a comedy with a plotline and a joke. There's no character development. It makes you wonder why you even bothered watching this film. The only thing that might make this film worth seeing is if you're a fan of the show. But if you don't enjoy it, you shouldn't have to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really bad film from this director, but that doesn't make the fact that this movie is so poorly made that I could still find myself enjoying it any more. There is nothing in the way of plot to speak of, only a bunch of scenes that are poorly written and filmed. I don't know what the film is about, but I can tell you that it is not going to make you smile. The only thing that you will gain from this film is a sense of discomfort and pity for what is in the minds of the actors. I didn't like the fact the story is about a bunch a young people who get trapped in a movie set and must fight their way out, only for the young people to be killed off by the villains and the people they are fighting. This film is not a thriller, and it is a waste of the viewer's time. I just hope the director has a change of heart and sees how this film plays out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really liked the premise of the movie but this was so completely off the mark that I actually lost interest in it.  The whole movie was basically the same plot line from the original game. I actually found myself playing the same level for the whole movie. This movie was so predictable that it made me feel really bad about my own lack of knowledge of the original. I feel like this is the biggest waste of time that has been made since the original Metal Gear Solid.   In the end, this movie is really just a rehash of the game. The only difference is that it doesn't come across as much better. It's a complete waste of your time and a real waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole movie was so unbelievable that I couldn't believe I was watching this film. It was so full of plot holes and not believable. The story is so unbelievable and over the top that I could not believe I would be watching it.  I can't believe this film was made, I feel like I'm watching the most unbelievable movie ever.  The acting was terrible, the directing was terrible and the plot is so convoluted that it makes it hard to believe that the people are acting in this film, not even in their own home! The script is filled with clichs, the plot holes are too numerous to count and the acting was awful! The ending is not even believable and you can never believe the ending! There are no redeeming qualities in this movie and I would highly recommend you to stay away from it. I am extremely disappointed that this movie exists and I hope that someone takes this film off the internet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In case you are wondering why I gave this movie such a low rating, the answer is that the movie is boring. It is a little bit like a bunch of people that get drunk at a bar and decide to watch a bunch movies. They are usually pretty funny, but this movie is really not funny at all.  The plot is bad, the acting is bad and the directing is not good either. All in all it is just a bad, boring, and disappointing movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The concept is OK, but the execution is terrible. There are some decent moments in it, but not enough to make it worth watching. The writing is pretty bad, and the acting is basically terrible. The whole movie seems to be about an overbearing, jealous wife and her husband. It's not even funny, it's just stupid. I was watching it with my parents and my boyfriend, and I felt so humiliated. I really wanted to hate the movie, but I couldn't. It made me feel like I was some kind of idiot, and that really bothered me.  The main problem was the fact that it was a bad remake of a bad film: it's really, really bad.  I would recommend skipping this movie. It doesn't have much redeeming value. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie on DVD once and I laughed so hard that I nearly cried. And I'm not one to cry on the couch, but I still had to. It wasn't even funny enough to make me laugh. And then when it was over, I couldn't believe I'd just watched this thing. It was so stupid. I'm glad I can't find a DVD copy. The worst thing about this movie is the fact that it was made for a video game magazine. What kind of lame excuse is that?! I'd never buy a video of this movie if I could. This is just another movie that the creators made to be so stupid they'll get a big laugh at the expense of other people's hard-earned money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Unwritten, Unspoken" is just another of the many movies about a guy with an unhealed scar on his face who gets his hands on an ancient magic book and starts reading it. After a few years of messing around with it, he's finally able to start controlling it, but is then confronted by an old nemesis.  I mean, just what is that book supposed to do? A magician would probably just be a guy who wants to read more and make himself more powerful by controlling others, right? That's probably what the story is about, right. But the way the movie ends, you just think that the guy has gone completely insane.  A few hours later, the guy returns, and starts making people his slaves and having them do his bidding. This is pretty much what the book was supposed to be, but in a movie. The movie is an utter disaster, and I don't recommend it at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the success of the first installment, I thought it would be great to see another installment of the movie, only the third time. I did not realize that it was just a two hour long repeat. This time around, there was one plot twist after another and it was a little too predictable.  If you're looking for a quick movie, look elsewhere. But if you're a true horror fan, don't waste your time watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an attempt to cash in on the popularity of "Hitchcock's masterpiece" the "Mona Lisa" was filmed with the intent of it being a movie-within-a-movie. But instead it ended up being nothing more than an unmitigated disappointment. The script was weak, the characters were wooden and the acting was weak. And the story had no semblance of a conclusion other than the end credits. The film was so awful I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry but I just cannot believe this movie. It is just plain boring. I can't even get into it.  A film made in 1989 is a bit older, don't you think that it would have been better then? It could have been made a little better if the director had used some better editing. I mean, you can make a film with a great cast and a good script, but when you don't know how to edit, it gets a bit confusing.  I thought the director should have been given the option to shoot a different scene or two or even to edit the movie more. It just looks awful. I wish the director would have stuck to the script and just made the movie.  There's no redeeming points.   The actors in this film are so bad that I'm amazed that they have a big enough budget to make a movie like this.  This is a movie that will make you cry and I'll take my word for it. I just hope that the director is a better director then the actors who play the roles. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching the DVD of this and noticed that I missed half the movie. I was so mad. The guy who wrote this was so lame. How did he know this movie was bad? The movie was so uninteresting. The only thing I liked was that they had some good action sequences.  The plot was really bad. And the acting was horrible. You'd think that actors who can make an average movie could make a good action movie. They can't. The acting in this movie sucked! It was so bad. It was just so bad! The only reason I even saw this movie is because of the DVD. I'd just watch the DVD if they put out a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was pretty good in concept but the execution was so poor it makes you wonder how anyone ever made this movie. The acting was very poor, the story line is unbelievable and the script is so unbelievable that it makes no sense to even attempt to make a positive review about this movie other than the fact that I can't believe it. This movie makes no money and is a waste of money.  This movie was probably the worst film I have ever seen, I wish I could write a negative one about a good movie: I would say that this movie is pretty much just a glorified advertisement for the movie: the story was just as shallow as the movie was supposed to be, the acting was good but the script was so far from anything that could have been made by anyone with a little more skill and imagination that it should be classified as a joke.  If you want a fun movie with a very poor story line and a terrible cast, go for it: but don't waste your time with this movie, you will not get any more out of it than you gave. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has very little to do with the real world and all the actors are not that great either. Some people may like this movie because they want to see the actors in a movie but the problem is that they are not in it to act, they are in it for the money and they are making this movie for a couple of hundred bucks. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see some lame action movies that are just made to make money. If you like action movies and you want to make a little more money, watch the 'Rocky Road' movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is pretty weak and has no impact. The acting is bad, the camera doesn't move fast and there is no dialogue in the movie. The story has some decent moments but it's too late. The ending is predictable and not very believable.  The only saving grace of this movie is that the characters are very cute and cute little girls.  There is nothing good about this movie. It has no meaning, it doesn't make me laugh, it's just a waste of time.  If you're interested in seeing a cheap horror movie, don't waste your time on this movie, just skip it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen some really good horror movies, and this one falls pretty low on the list.  It's about a killer who kills a bunch of kids, and then turns the kids into zombies. The kids are all really boring. They don't have much of a personality at all, and the whole movie is filled with unnecessary gore. I found it to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The acting was terrible, the story was poorly told, and there wasn't much suspense to it. The movie was just a buncha kids killing each other and having a really cheesy, overly drawn-out ending.  I'm sorry, I know it's hard to watch a bad horror movie. I really wanted to like this movie, but I couldn't. I don't know if I'll ever watch another horror movie again. I would like to point out that I saw this on TV when it was being aired, and it was on channel 7. I'm sure I'll watch it again someday, but just know that I'll probably be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like a good story, but I think that a movie is supposed to entertain the viewer, not just make them laugh. The movie just didn't do that for me. It made me feel like I was watching an amateurish amateurish movie with a few actors who are better than I am. It was a sad pity because they all looked great in their other movies (but I'm not sure if they ever did in this one). The acting was bad and the movie was a disappointment.  The only thing that I liked about the movie is the ending, but that's a long way away from what was in the movie. It just doesn't make sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, made in the early 80's, is a poorly made, and frankly, a bad, attempt at making a B-Movie.  The acting is bad, the story line is stupid, and the editing is bad. I'm just not sure why the writer thought this was a good idea. There is a lot of talking and little action. I just can't understand how anyone can watch this film and think it was a success. The director of this film, Michael Sullen, should be ashamed of himself. If you're looking for a good B-movie, I recommend you buy a copy of "The Redeemer". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has the most unappealing plot ever, with no real story behind it. The whole movie was a bunch of people talking in a hotel room.  The only reason this film was released was because it was released in a competition, and the winner gets to go to a movie premiere. If you want a film that isn't as bad as the one that was made in Hollywood, I would suggest you just don't watch it.  It has no originality, no suspense, and no heart.  If you think that the people who made this film are some kind of super genius, you need to get out of the movie business. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of the movie you can see that the director and writer, who should know better, did not know how to make the movie. But after half of the episode was over the first half of this movie, I lost interest and even the ending didn't make any sense. The only good part was the ending of the credits, but this could have been avoided by putting the last few seconds in the credits of the previous episode. The worst part was how the movie ended. It is obvious that the script is not that good, and that the movie is made for the first time in ten years. The acting was not that bad, but they were not that much better than other movies made in this genre. The movie should have been called "The Worst Movie Ever", but that would have been a much more accurate description.  The worst thing about this movie is the fact that you could see the director on TV, talking about it and giving it a bad review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to seeing the film this morning but when I turned on the TV and it came on I felt like I was watching the first episode of a TV show that I just discovered.  The acting was terrible and I don't think that there was any reason to keep it on the screen. The plot was predictable and I couldn't get any sense of what was going on. It seemed like they just had a bunch of people that had come to the film set and made a few decisions that they were trying to make.  I don' t think that I can recommend this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did enjoy the movie because it was based on a great novel but after watching it I couldn't believe that the filmmakers would waste their time and money making a movie about a movie I think was completely unnecessary. The movie's plot is so uninteresting and contrived that I felt like the filmmakers could have just as easily made a movie based on this book.  There were some pretty funny moments and I can see why the director was inspired by the book but in the end I found the movie to be a total waste of time. It's the type of movie that I would normally give 2/10 but I couldn' get the rating down to 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, it's funny. There's nothing funny about it, no plot, no idea how the characters were written or who the characters are. There are some really bad moments, such as the girl who talks like she was born and raised in the woods (and even acts like she's not there). The other characters are just like their counterparts in most movies that they've appeared in, not that the rest are better than this.  The characters are boring, the dialogs are stupid, and the plot is so shallow that it could be called a "slip of the tongue". The whole thing is really, really, stupid.  It's a waste of money for a movie about a girl who never leaves the house, who has no friends and no boyfriend, and who is so scared that she won't even leave the house. The girl is really annoying and the movie has no redeeming value. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so poorly made that it would have been laughable if anyone was even remotely remotely interested in this sort of thing. I'm not kidding. The whole thing was so completely and completely unwatchable. It was basically an episode of the original Buffy, but without Buffy and Xander. The only thing that could save it was that it was at least supposed to be a part of the show, but even then it's just not worth the time or effort. It's just so... boring.  It's really hard to see anything besides the first few minutes of the movie and the last 30 seconds. I could probably watch the entire thing again and not be able to tell you a single thing that happened in it, but it wouldn't be because I'd been interested enough in it to care.  The only saving grace is that it's actually funny (though it's probably a waste of time for most viewers), but it's not funny enough to be enjoyable.  I would say that I think it's more a disappointment than a masterpiece because it's so bad.  If you're looking for a bad comedy, watch the original Twilight Zone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had the chance to watch this movie when it first came out. I did enjoy it, but it was absolutely awful. It has some decent comedy bits, but nothing really good. I don't think that anyone really cared for it, because it seemed so rushed and uninspired. It had the potential to be a fun ride, but sadly it fell short. I guess that it just lacked that originality that made the first movie so enjoyable.  This movie is a waste of time. The first movie had an interesting plot, and the second movie could have been even better. I think that it should have never been made. The script was so terrible that the movie couldn't have been anything other than a waste. I just hope that the next movie does a better job. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when I was only 14 and I think it was about 20 years ago. I don't think it has been released on DVD yet, but I do remember it and the name. The DVD is still available but I cannot find it anywhere else. I would suggest that if you are considering seeing this film you first see the original film: the DVD is a totally different story, with a totally unnecessary ending. The movie is a bit like "A Very Long Time Ago" except a little more gruesome. The original film is just a bit better, but the DVD has absolutely nothing to recommend it. The only positive I can say about it is that it's pretty funny but it's not really that funny. I just felt that it wasn't worth seeing, and I'm not really surprised by that. If you are thinking about seeing this movie, I would recommend you to first see this original film and then watch this DVD. If not, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a film school graduate who still has not forgiven this film for the time it wasted on it.  I have seen many other movies which were better, but this one was so weak, that I just gave it up. It was an incredibly long and dull film, and it didn't even make sense. This film is a waste of time for anyone who wants to see it, and I hate to say it, but I was very bored by it, even though I had to watch it twice.  The main problem was the acting. I found the character played by James Marsden, played by William Harkness, to be boring, and was very surprised that they allowed Harkess to keep his name. I am not sure how they did it, as they did not have the money to pay him the way they normally would, so they just put his name on the DVD. The reason for this is unknown to me, but it is not a good excuse.  In the end, it is just a waste, and a poor excuse to waste money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title refers to a movie about an actor playing the role of a female sex slave.  This movie is really lame, and the acting is really bad. I think it would be better if it was titled "Swing Time with a Woman" and "The Woman Is Hot".  I'm not even sure how they got a female character with this title, but there's no doubt that the idea of a woman having a sex slave is a horrible thing to make into a film. The only thing in the whole movie that works is the music, which is just as bad as the acting. I wouldn't recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting an entertaining movie. I was hoping for a funny movie. What I got was a bunch of clichs. This movie made me angry.  I've seen worse. This is the worst movie I've ever seen. It's a waste of time. I can't believe it exists. The jokes are awful. I'm sure there's a sequel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't really like horror movies in the slightest. I am sure that there are plenty of people who will watch this movie and not enjoy it. I just thought it was an utter waste of time. I can't believe that the filmmakers got to this script. There are so many obvious holes in the story and there is so little substance.  The whole thing could have been avoided by not telling the main character anything that is not really important. Also, the director is supposed to be a director of horror movies. This is a complete waste of his talent.  I guess the problem is that they couldn't find a director who could deliver what they had in mind. The script was so completely wrong and so devoid of anything worth paying attention to that it's almost unbelievable. I think they probably did not even bother trying to understand the film. I really thought the script was awful but that's what I got from the film... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read a bad review on this movie: "The movie is so slow and so boring, you just can't believe you're watching it!" That is the worst way to say something bad. And the movie looks so bad that you almost don't care. It's so slow, so lifeless, so fake and so stupid. This movie is actually an episode of The Twilight Zone, but not the good one. I can't wait to see the director's first film. I'm hoping that he never gets any more money to make movies because I really want to see this guy cry like it's his first movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an attempt to create a sense of realism, we are treated to the sight of an old man (Beverly Hines) attempting to help his nephews get to college and he has a dog who seems to be a friend of his niece (Margo Marton). However, things go off the rails and the film turns into a bunch of lame jokes that don't make sense (or are just too stupid to be funny) and the ending is predictable, at best. I didn't understand why the film had to end with the man taking a shower in his apartment and then taking the dog outside to the dog park and then, the dog having to get out and then the man having to go out and find the dog again.  I gave the movie 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was terrible and the plot was absolutely pointless. I was really hoping to see a few funny bits but even those were just overshadowed by the fact that the actors kept doing the same boring routine.  It's just not worth seeing in its entirety.  The worst thing about the film was the music and sound. It was so bad and so boring. It's so hard to believe that they made it for a real movie.  Just don't watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many plot holes and inconsistencies that it becomes hard to know where the story really belongs. In this case, the movie does not belong to the series. I don't know why people who enjoy the series continue to watch this film.  The movie is boring, cliche, and stupid.  There is also a really bad musical number which is a real letdown.  Overall, the story is not interesting and I think that the film should be considered a waste of time for people who like the show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really hated this movie, but I must admit that it was good at least for the time.  The plot is not a story at all. The only plot element that's interesting is the fact that the evil dictator is killed by a team of ninjas. Why did they have to kill him? The story is so weak and nonsensical that it's unbelievable. I give it a 3/10, I can't believe it was that good.  There is no real plot. You could have made a good movie out of it.  I don't understand what happened to the ninjas or why they were trained to fight ninjas, and why they didn't just go straight to the bank, and get the money that they wanted. Why would they wait for so long to get a chance to fight? It's a complete mystery to me. They're supposed to be in a bad mood, but they're still doing their jobs, they're supposed the be the best. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am really not sure what the story is about and why this movie is not a 10. But i guess the director of the movie could not understand what is going on in the movie and what to make it. He should have told us why he made this movie and why he didn't know what to do with the story. It should have been a comedy like "The Mask". But this movie has a plot which is not funny at all. And the movie is filled with stupid lines. The movie is made of a bunch of really stupid actors and the movie looks so boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no redeeming value, it's just a pile of bumbling, slapstick, predictable and boring characters that would've made a really good comedy had they come up with something more original.  There is no humor in the movie. The acting is bad and the story is predictable and the whole movie feels like a joke that someone decided to make and then forgot. I don't know why this was even made, I mean it was so stupid I don a laugh every time I see it. The movie is so shallow, it doesn't even get to the point where it is funny. There's no humor at all, the whole film is just so stupid. The only redeeming quality I found was that the movie had a really cool little character.  I hope they can find a way to make the movie into something that isn't as boring as it was. I'd recommend not seeing this movie unless you really really want to see the characters in their ridiculous, predictable situations. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so poorly made that I could not believe that this was an actual movie, but it was. I don't care if the script was bad, it is bad. I mean, I can go watch this movie, and not have any idea what it was supposed to be about. I guess the producers just wanted a bunch of bickies for their own entertainment. If you are going to see this movie just skip it. If I had to guess what this movie was supposed do I would say it was a bad horror movie. But, the problem is, it was not scary at all. I did not think anything scary happened in this movie. I really wanted to laugh, but I couldn't. I didn't feel anything in this whole movie. The only part I felt was that it was just a buncha bickie's. The plot was so lame, that I laughed my ass off. The acting was pretty bad, and I can't say that it is a waste of time because of the movie.  This is one of the most poorly made movies I have ever seen.  The only reason I rated it a 3 is because I liked that the movie was made by the director who made "Gremlins".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole movie is about two characters (played by a guy and a girl) who meet at a school and soon decide to marry. But at the time they're both having a good time. It's a fairly typical "romantic comedy" with no real plot.  I had to sit through the whole movie with my mouth open just to be able to understand what was going on. The girl was completely unconvincing, and I had no idea what was really going on in the guy's head. It was very boring. I had the feeling that the characters were having their own fun without any input from the guy.  The girl tries to make things interesting by acting flirtatious and asking the guy for a drink, but the guy does not know how to react to her. The guy's character is pretty boring and stupid.  It's obvious that they were made to make the movie and that they have nothing to say about their own lives, so there is no point in watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so boring. The characters were so predictable that they could have been from the same town as the movie and it would still be boring. I laughed once at the beginning of the film, but then it got really, really boring after the first few minutes. The plot was a complete mess, and it wasn't even funny in the first place. And when you watch the DVD, it's even worse.  It's a shame because the characters were good, but the director couldn't make the movie into anything more than a total disaster. The film just didn't have any sort of a message. It didn't even mention a thing about religion, love, or the importance of family, or anything else.  The only thing that was funny was the music, and that was probably the only thing worth watching.  If you're going to watch a film that has no redeeming qualities, don't even bother. Just get it on DVD and move on with your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got the movie and found it so stupid I laughed at the stupidity and stupidity of it. This is the reason why I don't like the "slip and slide" movies. The acting was awful, the story was too obvious to make a point, and the soundtrack was very, very, and very awful. The only thing I liked was the way it was edited and the fact that the movie was only 20 minutes long. I did not want to see this movie anymore and the only thing that saved it was the fact it was in 2D. I hate 2D movies and this was a 2D movie with no 2D, but this one was so stupid and so boring, I didn't want to leave it.  I'm sure if the film had a few scenes that were worth seeing, the movie would have been a 4.  The movie has 2 scenes of a "bunch of friends" dancing on a pole. The 2D has nothing to do with the 2D and makes you feel the 2d is being "realistic".  If you don't have 2D your 2D will be ruined by this movie, so get rid of it, I don' t understand how they got this movie to be 2D without 2D being necessary. If you are looking for a movie that makes you want to quit watching movies, this is a terrible movie. If this movie was a real 2D it would have at least 1 of the scenes worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't even describe how horrible this movie is, it's so much like the previous movies I have seen.  It's just a bunch of footage from the movie "The Lost World". I don't understand how they were even allowed to make this movie. The only thing that I do understand is that they just want to make money. I am not surprised, this is the only movie I've seen this year that I cannot understand.  I don;t think I'll ever watch this movie again. It's not even worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like this movie and I really wanted to like this film, but unfortunately it falls flat in the middle of the pack. The film is a complete waste of time, and the cast is so boring that you feel bored just watching them. There are so many better movies out there. I really wish they had left the whole thing out, so that the movie would have been a bit better. I think the only good thing about this movie is that it has a lot of action, but that's about it. I hope this movie does not get the same ratings. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very predictable "Daredevil" movie. Nothing original, nothing good, and nothing at all worth watching. The plot is pretty weak (the main character dies, so we're never actually given his name, and the whole "Dangerous Dogs" storyline was so predictable I actually forgot it), the acting was terrible, and I found myself getting bored of the "story" of the movie. It's a movie that I would rather not have been made.   And that's just the start of the problem. This movie is basically just a series of clips from the "DAREDEVIL" series, in which Daredevil, in his most brutal moments, is actually fighting other superheroes, and that's where the movie's problems really begin.  If you're looking for a superhero movie, you can easily go find that elsewhere.  In the end, this movie is about as interesting as the first Daredevil movie, which was actually a pretty fun movie. If you want to see a superhero film, don't waste your time here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film twice, twice for free and twice for $2.00. On the second viewing, I am left with the same thoughts as the first. The plot was interesting at the beginning, but in the end, there was nothing to interest anyone.  It is, in my opinion, a waste of money. I would have rather spent my money on a movie where the actors are funny. I will not waste another dime watching this film. The special effects and special effects-less (the original, not the sequel) versions of this film are available, if you wish to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's about a man with a penchant for picking fights, who gets in a fight with an old woman because she wouldn't let him in. That's all it is. No idea where the story went wrong. If you want to see an old lady fight for her life against a violent maniac, don't waste your time. This film is nothing but a long drawn out excuse for a movie. There's no story, no direction, no character development.  The movie is like the "Fatal Attraction" in the sense that the story takes place in a hotel room and you just have to guess what will happen next.  If you're looking for a great horror movie, just look at the "Scream", or "The Shining". I'm not sure how I feel about this movie. It's just a piece of shit, and it doesn't even hold a candle to the other movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie by accident, when I was looking for a movie: 'The Unfinished Story'. I found the movie by chance on DVD, and I decided to watch it. It was a good movie, but the acting was awful. And that was one of the reasons why I did not like it. The whole story was a load of garbage. And I did like the music and the fact that it was made in a period of time where it would have been more appropriate to use a modern movie. But it was an absolute disappointment to watch.  I saw this movie because I had a copy of the movie. I gave it away, and then found the DVD, so I could watch it again. But, again, I found it a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was nothing good about the original. The film was so bad it could have been a really terrible film. The script was so awful it was actually amusing. The acting was bad and the directing was bad.  The whole thing felt like a poorly written script, and that was the only way I could make sense of the film. There was no point to the story, it had no meaning.   The original was just the beginning of the end for the whole franchise. The next film, The Matrix Reloaded, was even worse, and the third movie was so far behind the original as to be practically irrelevant.  I can't say I blame anyone who watched the original film. I mean, it's a lot better than the sequels. I can only say I don't think it's that good to waste your time watching such a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not really a horror movie person, but this movie left me feeling like I had seen the first five minutes of this movie.  The acting was horrible. I mean, it's not like the actors were terrible. But it's still pretty funny to see people trying to imitate some of the movie's actors in their own movies. The dialog was awful. Some of the scenes just didn't make any sense at all.  And it didn't help that this movie was in black and white. If you want to see a movie where people are trying to scare you, see the original Scream.   I guess I'm just too old to appreciate this kind of crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was full of a few odd twists and turns and some very poor acting. I could only find one good bit of acting in the whole thing. This film is full of very uninteresting characters.  The story was a little predictable, but the direction and cinematography were totally terrible. It was really difficult to follow the action at all.  My rating for this film is an eight out of 10. I don't recommend watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole movie is pretty bad. The acting is so-so and the plot is predictable. The only thing I liked was the ending where the main character dies.   The only positive thing I can say about this movie is that it is not too late. It's been awhile since the last movie. Maybe you can make it a decent movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I am a huge fan of Disney. I'm also a huge Disney fan boy. The first Disney movie I ever saw was "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" when I was 8 years old. This movie just seems so, so stupid. It was supposed to be a little gem in the Disney canon, but it was so, SO so, stupid.  If you want to see a Disney movie, don't see this movie. It will just make you hate Disney even more. The only reason I saw it was to see the trailer for "Barefoot Geniuses". That's what got me in the theater to watch the trailer. It got me thinking about how the movie would've been like if the movie were made by Disney instead of MGM. The plot would've be so, um, stupid!  The movie also doesn't do a lot of character development. Some of the actors seem to have the same amount of personality as the characters they play.  Also, I really don't understand why Disney made the movie so long and boring. This is a movie you can skip to the end if you don't care about the story.  It also has an extremely corny, cheesy music.  The animation looks like it was done by an eight year old. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is absolutely terrible. It has some interesting bits, but it's a total waste of time. It's just so boring and pointless that I just want to throw it out of my own window. This film really needs a good director and some good actors, but the fact that the cast is terrible makes it even worse. And, I'm sorry, but I don't want to have to read this review about it because it's just that bad. I can't believe that they didn't give a shot at anything. I wish I could just skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so bad and so badly made that it's just about impossible to even think that it has any redeeming quality whatsoever. It's so bad that even the trailers for it are a disappointment to me. I'm guessing that most people would have had a good laugh at it if they hadn't been so thoroughly disgusted by it. The story is utterly devoid of any plot whatsoever, and the character-drama is completely pointless. The acting is so terribly uneven that it should be enough to turn off even the most discerning movie-goer, and even I couldn't get through the first hour without laughing. I know that some people may have liked it because of the trailers, but that's all they were, trailers, and they weren't worth even a second thought.  This is not even a waste of time. It makes me feel like I should be the worst person in the world, just for having wasted it. And I'm going to write this review in the hope that it will help some people understand what a disgrace this movie is, and why the entire "Star Trek" franchise is so horribly ruined by its mediocrity.  It's not even "bad", it's a complete disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very short film that attempts to tell a story through a series of flashbacks, but fails. The first flashback in the film is the most bizarre, but in the second half the film becomes very slow and boring.  The characters are all very stupid. In one scene a character tries to escape a cave. After the scene is over, the character says, "I feel a bit sick".  The best bit of the film was when the camera zooms out, and the movie cuts to the cave, but the camera is just too far away to follow the camera. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I'm not saying this because I'm a bad film-maker but because I love it!"  This is one of those movies that are only really bad because they're so awful. The acting is not bad, the story is predictable, the plot is predictable... You know how I can tell a bad one from a good one? The good ones are funny, the bad ones are so bad that the director has to invent new plot twists and so-called twists to keep the film from being a complete waste of time.  "The Girl with the Red Glare" is a film that just about anyone could have made if they had the time, effort, and talent. I mean, it's not a huge disappointment, but it is the worst horror film I've ever seen.  It should not be released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is obvious that this is a script, and script does not come cheap. It's very disappointing. I've seen the best and the worst in Hollywood, and this is the worst. The actors are a joke and the script is very, very uninteresting. I don't know how it was made, but it made me feel like a complete idiot. It was very boring and did not deserve a rating of 10/10. I cannot say this because it is very obvious that the script, in my opinion, is very weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got to see this film at the Alamo in Houston Texas, and was absolutely appalled. It was just a waste of time, and it seemed to take forever to get through. The acting was horrible, and the only time I actually laughed was when one of the actors was telling a joke that he had made up for a movie in which he was not a part of. The plot is so badly written that I could not even understand the plot in its entirety. It had no sense of place. It has all the same old clichs that have been used since the turn of the century. The one thing that stood out for me was the way the movie was marketed. The poster was just one picture on a wall, and in that picture the movie's actors were looking out at the crowd. In the video it was very apparent that the director was trying to make the movie look like an action film. It made no sense to me. I'm sure there are people out there who love this kind of stuff, but I just don't think there is any market for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so excited to see this movie. I got to see what everyone else was talking about. Unfortunately, I wasn't that excited to find out I was wasting my time. There was no dialog, no plot, nothing but an over-produced, low-budget video. The acting was weak, the editing was poor, and the script was so badly written that I was having trouble figuring out what was supposed to be a positive review about this film.  This film is nothing but a bunch of people in a room and a movie that takes about half an hour to do anything. The only thing that was funny was the dog in the bathroom. The story is not even worth telling and the acting is so bad that you just can't take your eyes off of the screen. There is absolutely nothing to say positive about this video, even if it was better than any of the other movies that came out last week.  If you like cheap horror flicks, this is definitely not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a real let down for me.  The acting was bad, the writing was bad (I'm a fan of the show) and the ending was weak (I don't know how they can make a movie like this without it ending like this). This movie is about a high school drama club, and the club is made up of a bunch of kids who are all obsessed with movies and television shows.  What made this movie so terrible was that it didn't make sense, and it just made no sense.  If you are a huge fan of "High School Musical", then you will probably enjoy this movie, but otherwise, just don't waste your time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so excited to see this film and I wanted to see how the original director would look at the new technology. I watched the movie for about 3 hours and it made me sick to my stomach. I don't think there's a person that can watch it without getting sick. It's like the movie was made with a camera that doesn't have a lens. It was just a bunch of actors sitting around talking to each other. I have no idea how they can make such a terrible movie. It makes me feel like I'm watching something that's just trying to be funny.  Don't even get me started on the acting. The acting was so bad that it made my skin crawl. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I'm embarrassed to have seen this movie.  I'll just stick to watching other movies with a good story line. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this film has been called "one of the worst films I have ever seen" by many people. It is not that I have seen it, but I am sure that most people have. I don't blame them. The script is really weak, and the acting is bad.  The story is pretty lame. I could not understand why the girls were in the woods. It was almost like they had a car chase going on. But the only good thing was the scene in which a couple of young girls are having a picnic.  If you don't like movies about "women", this is not the film for you. It's a waste of time and the plot isn't even worth telling. If you want a good film, then watch "Talladega Nights".  I really don't know why people keep talking about this film. It just isn't that good. If they are serious about wanting to see a movie with women in it, I suggest you just watch "Thelma & Louise", the only movie that has a plot with some depth.  I would have to give it a 2/10 rating. The film is nothing to see. It looks like a low budget, amateurish, poorly made, poorly acted, low-budget, badly edited, badly-edited film that a director with a bad script would make. It doesn't deserve to be called a masterpiece. It will get you bored and that's why you are seeing it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second worst movie I have ever seen in my life, which is a good thing because it is probably the worst movie of all time. It's actually the worst horror movie I've ever seen, and it's not even as bad as the awful "Slumber Party" from 1988. This movie is just the worst excuse to make a B movie. The acting is bad, the story is predictable, and the ending is not even particularly satisfying.  If you're interested in making a B horror movie, you could try this: A guy (David Parnell) wakes up in a creepy old mansion and must find a way to escape. There are some pretty creepy moments, but the ending sucks. I would just warn you to stay away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is one of the worst I have seen. There are so many flaws. The story is so poorly told and the acting is so poor. There is one good bit at the end of the film, but the rest of the time it's just a waste of time. It was a bit of fun, but unfortunately the whole thing is so devoid of all meaning and nothing more. I could not find any sort of reason to continue watching the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very poor movie. A good movie would have had a nice plot, but there are too many of them and the cast is completely inept. The action scenes are laughable. I would have thought that the director was hired to make a low budget film, but he has chosen to make the film in such a way that will only show off his talents to his audience. The director tries to use the film to make money, but in the end the film becomes a huge waste of money.  If you have any interest in this film, I would suggest that you watch a good movie first, then watch this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most pointless and useless film I have ever seen. The acting is awful. It is not believable and there is no reason for the characters to have such ridiculous names. The story was completely pointless and pointless.  It was the worst movie I have seen in a long time. I cannot believe that they actually made it.  A waste of time and money. This is a really bad movie. This film is so poorly made that I would rather just throw it out.  The story has no logic or reason to make it even better. I can't believe that a film maker has to waste his time making something so stupid and uninteresting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame this is what we have to put our money on, and there is no other movie to make money on. This movie should be called "How To Steal The Land".  It has some funny moments but nothing more than that. It's just so boring. It does not go anywhere interesting or make you care about the characters.  The only thing that I liked was the fact that there was a gun in the trailer. It was pretty much useless.  This is probably the worst movie I have ever seen. There are so many other better movies out there to spend your money on than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie over a dozen times. Every time I saw it I could not get the movie to be more entertaining or interesting than the first 15 minutes. The story was weak and poorly written. There was no real tension in the story and the characters did not feel like real people. The plot was predictable and pointless. The acting was terrible and the story did not even make sense. The special effects were horrible. I don't know how they could have been made to look that terrible. I had to sit through two hours of it just to get the last ten minutes of the movie. It was so bad it actually made me sick.  I can't say that it was a bad film but it definitely is not a good movie. There is no way I can recommend this movie to anyone. If you're looking for an adventure, this movie won't do. It just doesn't make sense, the actors were horrible, and the plot was so predictable that you could predict the end of the story almost immediately. It makes the whole story of the "Bubble Bobble" movie seem silly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. If you are looking for a horror movie, look somewhere else. This is a straight up horror movie with nothing to it. The acting is awful. The story was interesting but I never felt anything from it. I can't think of anything in the story that could have made the director think the story was worth telling. The only reason why I give this movie a 2 out of 10 is because the story is interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this, and it was so, so, terribly, badly, and utterly, stupid. It is an absolute joke. The script, though not as terrible as the worst movies ever made, was still absolutely horrible. The direction was horrible. There was a really bad scene where the camera followed a girl, and she was not allowed to walk around the room in the house that she was in.  The camera was in the bathroom with the girl, looking out the window. The camera wasn't allowed to go into the bathroom, so it was stuck in the kitchen. The girl was just walking around in the hallway and the camera was just looking at her. The music was just so awful. The movie was so so so, SO so,  I can't believe that anyone, let alone anyone from the makers of this, is allowed to say anything positive about it. This movie is a complete disaster. I'm not even sure what they're trying to do with it. The director said that it was meant to be an educational film, and I don't believe it. They're not even attempting to tell us anything, just acting out their own stupid ideas. It was so obviously intended to be awful that I actually laughed, because I'm too old to have ever laughed at a bad film, much less a bad one this badly made. The worst thing I can say is that the director, who made it, must have been watching this one when they were making it. I guess that they can't make it worse, even though it could have been, they would never have made it that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a lot to complain about here, but I'll just give a couple of examples. The plot is a bit of a mess, and the acting is terrible. And then, the movie has to be rated as a 2/10, even though it has a rating of a 3/10 on IMDb.  If you want to see a good movie, don't bother. You won't be disappointed.  It's a horrible excuse for a thriller. It's an excuse for the characters to be stupid and to be a bunch of jerks. There are some great actors in there, but they aren't that great. They're not that great in their roles either.   And they're a bunch more jerks than the actors are. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole film is just a series of poorly timed shots and shaky camera work, and the story seems to be written by someone who was watching a lot of horror movies from the late 70's and early 80's and couldn't quite decide what was horror and what wasn't. I think the director got a little bored and wanted to see what he could do. It's like one of those movies where there are multiple sets and scenes, but all the sets and camera moves are so badly timed and shaky that you can hardly believe that they are in fact shots of actual scenes in the movie. The actors are too good to be believable, and in the end it just comes off as a waste of time, but I guess it was all the better to waste it.  I didn't like the way the film was edited. There were too many unnecessary changes and it was just a complete mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been around for years, but there's never been a review. I can only give this movie 4 stars, because the director, Jeffery Dahmer, should have seen the other movies that were made under his direction. The rest of the actors were all just as annoying as Jeffery. There was a part in the movie that was supposed to be about a young boy, but that part was so boring that I couldn't stand it.  The movie was about a group of teenagers that were trapped in the basement of a house, and they had to fight to get out. The movie doesn't end when the teenagers get out of the basement, and that is the only way I can think of to end this movie. The kids in this movie are stupid and annoying and nothing that could have made this movie interesting. I would like to give this rating a 1/10, but I can't do that because of the terrible acting and the terrible story.  I think that Jeffery should stick to making films about real people, like Jeffery is, and not make movies about his own personal life, like this movie was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is probably the worst horror movie I have ever seen. It is so bad it makes you want to throw it away in disgust. It was just awful. It made me feel sick to be watching it.  A movie can be made by a group of people but this was just one bad movie. There are some decent horror movies out there but this one is just plain terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know that this is not a bad film, but I still felt the need to write this review. The only reason I made it to the end of the film was because I was laughing at the way the story was played.  A couple of things I would like to point out are that the first time they mention the "Citizen Kane" movie was in the last few minutes of the movie, and they never mention that there are multiple versions of the "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory". I would have been a fan of this film if it wasn't so horribly acted.  Overall a bad "Wonka". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts with a flashback sequence, as the young couple visits their home. But it quickly becomes clear that the story line is completely artificial. The film is a bit like an hour long movie with no sense of continuity or story. There is no logic behind any of the scenes. I found the entire movie really annoying and unnecessary. The plot is completely pointless. The characters are not believable. The dialogue is awkward and unnatural. The acting is very weak and the plot is just plain bad. It seems that whoever was in charge of making this film decided to make the story into an hour and twenty minutes long film instead of the hour and forty minute film that the film has actually been. The director clearly did not care at all. The only good thing about this film is that it is a parody of the "Fifty Shades of Grey" series. I do not know if the director is in any way involved with the movie, but I don't think he is. This movie is definitely not a comedy. If you like your porn to have an element of sex and violence, this is the film for you. The first ten minutes are completely pointless and the film doesn't even try to be funny at all (except for the brief moment in the beginning of the movie when the woman is being forced to perform oral sex on her husband). It just feels like a pornographic film. The story line isn't even believable.  This film is completely unnecessary and boring. The last ten minutes of the film are completely useless and the only reason to watch the movie is to see if the woman performs oral sex.  I would recommend to people to steer clear of this film. I would like to give this film a 1 out of 10, but the fact that this film exists at all is truly pathetic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years ago I saw this movie for the first time. I have not watched it since then. I can't believe it was that bad. There are a couple scenes I found disturbing but other than that I found it to be a bit of a bumbling mess. I'm sorry but that was my reaction. It is a very disappointing film. This is a film made for the sole purpose of selling DVD's. The actors are not the best they could have been. The script is not well written and there is no story line to speak of. The movie seems to be one big long boring car chase. It has no idea what it is trying to accomplish. I mean there is a car chase going on with the FBI and the CIA. Then there is the car chase with the car in question and the guy trying to shoot the FBI guy in the movie. I think it would have been better if the FBI agent and the car were actually there at all times. This movie should have been an hour and a half longer. There is absolutely no point to the whole thing.  The only thing I like about the movie was the soundtrack. It was really lame. I remember seeing it on DVD in a rental shop and I swear it sounded better when I was listening to it in my car. I will never rent this movie again. It makes me feel really stupid to buy DVD's when I know it is just going to be thrown in a landfill. I just don't get it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was predictable. The premise was a little too convenient for a TV show. I could have sworn that this was a movie where the characters were just a little bit too happy to be together and had to deal with all sorts of problems. And that's just what happened. The movie was just way too predictable, the characters didn't even have any personalities to them. They just stood around and were happy. And even though the characters are supposed to be "high tech", there was nothing high tech about this film.  I know it was supposed to have a little more depth than just a bunch of people just hanging out together, but what the hell was the point of that? It was just a waste of time and money.  The acting was bad and the editing was just as bad.  And the movie had the least amount of dialog in any movie I've ever seen. I'd have to give this movie a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film in this series had been a decent enough time-slot film but this one is just so over the top and has no direction whatsoever. The characters are all bland and uninteresting and the plot is completely pointless. It seems that they wanted to make this one for "kids".  There are no "funny" moments to be had here. The film was basically a mess. The "characters" were bland and not at all likable. I mean, come on, what are they even supposed to be? They look like little people, so how can they be funny?  The special effects were really bad. I don't know how they did it. Some scenes seemed to be done with a camera that was attached to a moving vehicle and not even trying to make the camera work for it. There were a couple of shots where it looked like the actors were having trouble with the camera, but I really couldn't tell how it was going on. The sound was also a major problem. It sounded like the characters were making fun of the movie and you had to pay attention to what they were saying. I'm not sure how they got away with it.  Overall, a poor effort. Don't waste your time on this film. Just don't. I give it an average rating of 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I'm not a huge fan of the "Wonka" series, but it does seem that "Worst of the Worst" has become a fairly popular franchise. "Wish You Were Here" was a great little comedy but it was pretty awful to watch this time around. It's a shame to see that the director is such a good actor but couldn't capture the script to a good standard.  The acting is so wooden and bland that it's not really worth talking about. The movie also has a fairly low budget, and this has not helped with the acting either. The CGI looks quite amateurish and there are a few shots that look fake (like the scene in the house with the dead cat in the bathroom). The music is very, very, repetitive and a bit annoying. It does have some nice moments, though.  I give it a 2 out of 10. I'm sorry to see how this franchise is becoming popular, but I'm sure it's because people like to see the franchise come to an end and we're all bored by the "best" films that have been made. The worst of the worst is no good, it just gets a bit boring. It doesn't deserve to be called "Worse of the 90's". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few months ago I watched this, and I just laughed to myself. I didn't understand what was going on in it. It was so poorly made, the actors looked like robots. I found it interesting because it was supposed to be a family comedy. What was so funny was the fact that the characters looked like zombies. I mean, it wasn't the best zombie movie ever, but the zombies are a little too realistic.  I thought that this movie would be interesting, but it wasn' the worst movie I've ever seen. It just didn't make sense at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie was very funny, but I wasn't sure about the plot, it wasn't a great movie. It's not a comedy, it's just a bunch of people talking about how they are so bored in life, and that they would like to be in a movie where they could actually have fun. I can't believe they did this.  I watched this movie three times and had no idea what was going on. It wasn't that bad, it just wasn't very good. The movie was like a buncha people who wanted to make a movie and thought they could do it.  The movie is very much like a bad dream that I was watching because I didn't know what the movie really was. If you want a movie that you will watch a dozen times, watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Not only was the plot and acting bad, the film just made me lose all interest in the movie. The ending was just a waste of time, the music was boring, and I thought that it would have been better if the movie had just ended after the opening credits.  There were some scenes that were okay, but even with some scenes it wasn't a very good movie. I think this movie was made for a special effect and nothing else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the title, I assumed this would be an "Adult Swim" show. It's not. It is the worst thing I've seen on TV. I thought it was "Adult" because it had a lot of swearing, violence and a lot more nudity than "The Biggest Loser" or "The Walking Dead".  The acting was terrible. I can only compare it to "The Hangover". The voice acting was poor and the writing was bad. It was just so boring and pointless. It could have been made into a comedy, but it didn't. The only thing I can say is that the show was a hit on TV in its own right. I wouldn't watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film is only a film is what it is. This film isn't a film at all. It is a piece of cardboard. And the cardboard is very cheaply made. The sets are awful, the costumes look cheap and the acting is awful.  This film is not worth seeing. It's a waste of time. It just gets worse as it goes on. I wouldn't even recommend it to a friend who hasn't seen a film in their life.  The only good thing is that it's really long. I can only imagine how much more boring it would have been if the film had been shorter.  If you want a film that will be really boring and poorly made, go to see a cheap movie: they're all the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The World Is Full Of Fear" is an overblown and nonsensical attempt to create a fictional horror movie that resembles the original "The Last House On The Hill".  The story is completely without originality, and the actors are completely wasted. There is not one person who can act. There are no scary moments, and no one that could bring anything to the screen. This is the definition of a movie made by an overworked writer.  The film is about a girl who becomes trapped inside a house and is stalked by a monster. However, the film only has a handful of scares and the girl dies. There were some great shots in the movie, but overall it was a failure. It is just a waste of time, and you will never get to see what really happened in the story. The script is so nonsensical that it makes you wonder why anyone would waste their time watching it. This movie made a big mistake.  I just can't recommend it to anyone, because the movie is awful.  If you are a fan of horror films, this movie should never have been made. I give this movie an 8 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was in the middle of the movie when I came across the above review and it just got worse. The movie was so horrible I felt the need to warn others. I've never seen anything so awful. It just goes on forever and never stops. You just never know what is going to happen next. The story is unbelievable. How do you believe anyone could get involved in something like that? It's like one big mess. I guess it's because it was so awful and it was done by a bunch of young people who were probably just trying to get the attention of the adult film crowd.  You see a bunch in the crowd with stupidly short hair and tattoos, and you can tell they are going to get into trouble because they can't even spell "KIDS" right. The characters in the movie are a bunch. The only one I can imagine being an adult was played by a guy who looked exactly like the kid in the film. That guy is a real loser. If I were you I'd just skip it and buy a copy of "The Book of the Dead" instead.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had to have been made in order to be released. I could not get through the story line without the "possibilities" being pushed on me. It's like a bad joke. The plot is so flat, the story is so thin, the dialogue is so stupid, the acting is so terrible and so awful.  This was an attempt to sell a movie to the masses. A lot of the scenes were not so much an attempt at a joke, they were so devoid of humor, that it could be called a joke at any time. And they were really not trying to be funny at all. It was a complete waste of the viewer's time. The whole thing seemed to be so made up and so pointless. If you are going to watch this movie, don't expect anything to come of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like the idea of this show and I really liked the concept. But, when they showed us how it would be, it turned out to be an absolute disappointment. I really wanted to like it, but I got nothing out of it. It was very predictable, nothing exciting, and I can't think of any reason for the characters to be acting the way they are.  The plot, I suppose, is about a little boy and his parents who are not happy about him having been left behind. He comes home and tells them that he has made his own way and that he wants to leave. However, they don't like this at all and, even more so, the boy tells them his real name, because they will be punished if they find out who he is. So, they lock him up. Later, his father comes to see how his son is doing and he sees that he's not being allowed out of the house. The father is in the process of being arrested and the little boy sees that there are some pictures of the man's face in the cell and tries to get him to reveal his name. The police don't take it seriously and they don in fact go ahead and arrest him.  I thought this show was so predictable and poorly written that it was hard to believe that it would get a second episode. I just want to say that I was thoroughly disappointed. The show was just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie in the early 1990s and I found it very disappointing. It is a very predictable, predictable, boring, low-budget, and utterly, almost completely uninteresting movie. The story is so dull that it has not even been taken seriously.  The plot is so simple that you can't take it seriously because you're expecting it to be much more complicated than it actually is. The acting is poor. The script is bad. The cinematography is bad (though much better than I expected at the time). The plot was predictable but in the wrong direction. It made no sense.  This movie is not even worth mentioning as a waste of time. It just gets the "bad movie" label slapped on it by the "failing" films in the genre. I'm sorry to say it, but I am disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was an absolute waste of time. I just couldn't believe how badly the film was put together. The acting was not good, the story was not even believable, and the direction was not very good. The story, although not as bad as the previous two "Slipknot" movies, is still not that great. But the acting was good for what it was, so the movie is at least tolerable.  The "Slippery When Wet" is really not that much better than the previous three "Slipsknots" films.  I would like to recommend people to see "Slipped and Sliding" first before wasting their time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I made this review was that I had to watch this movie with a bunch of kids, so I didn't have the patience to wait for it to come to DVD.  I found it interesting that the only character in the movie was an adult, so when the adults showed up in the second half of the movie, I felt a little sorry for the kids.  But then, there was an "Aaaaah!" and all of a sudden, I was bored. This movie is not worth watching, and anyone who thinks they can like this movie will be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's very disappointing. There are too many scenes of people being stupid and too much pointless action. It looks like an un-planned script, and not even a plot, just people talking and acting like they're in an office with no clue what's going on.  The main characters are annoying. One thing that I liked was the fact that the lead actor's name is Jason Schwartzman. I just don't like the name of a big movie star who is supposed to be the lead in a huge blockbuster.  Also, I just can't believe that a movie like this is made by an actual Hollywood studio. This is an indie production, not a major Hollywood movie.  It should be noted that this movie is only available in the US and Europe. So if you want to see it, head to the US where you can get it for free. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this movie and was shocked to see it made into a series. I really didn't see how this could have possibly worked in it's own right. This is a really bad movie. The acting was awful, the plot was predictable and so was the whole premise. I'm sure I'm not alone here. I just don't know how this film could possibly be considered a success when it comes to the production values. The story was about a group of people living in a small cabin and their interactions with each other. The only reason this movie has made it on to the series was because it was one of the first episodes.  There is no reason to even be watching this film because it is just a piece of garbage. I recommend if you can't get to the theater to just leave the show on and watch something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful attempt at a film from the 80's. Not only is it so boring, so dull and so very much not original.  The script is a joke, there are no jokes in it, and when you get to the end of the film you realize how much of it was not really made to make a film.  I'm sure I'm in the minority here, but I was really disappointed to see that there were no jokes. I have seen this film over 50 times and I don't think it's possible to make such a joke. The only joke I've seen that was good was in the opening scenes. The film is completely devoid of any humor whatsoever. The story is about a teacher (who is played by a bad actor) who can't handle his students' emotions, and who tries to control his student's emotions, as well.   It's about a bunch of kids, some of them being actors and some of those being actors' students, and some being students, who are so much more talented than their teacher that they don't realize that they are so talented. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a couple of young women who have to make a choice. One is a hot blonde who is going to marry a bad ass, violent man. She's a virgin and doesn't want to get it on. She meets him and they get a chance to be together but she decides to run away with him. He tries to rape her but she won't have sex with him unless he lets her. He gets her in his truck and she gets killed. The other one is a brunette who doesn't seem to care about her virginity and wants to have sex whenever she wants. Her character is a good actress but the script doesn't make sense and she isn't a good actor either.  The acting is bad and the story is bad. The movie looks so generic and it makes no sense and the ending is so unsatisfying. I just want to give it 1 out of 10 and say that it is about the only movie I can watch when I don't want any entertainment from a movie.  It's not a bad film if you want to watch a really terrible movie. If you don't mind the cheesy, low budget movies, you might enjoy this. It isn't worth seeing if you don,t want to see a bad, over-the-top movie. I give it a 3 out of 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very odd movie. I've seen the original and all the other versions of it, and they're all terrible. This is a completely different movie, and it's so poorly made it's almost unrecognizable. I can't even tell you what the title of the movie is. The only thing that sticks out is that the title has been used by the producers. The movie is really terrible, and the only reason I gave it a 1 out of 10 rating is because I just wanted to warn people who are not familiar with the original version.  The only redeeming quality is that there are a few good jokes in the movie. It's not worth the headache to see it again.  I recommend NOT seeing this movie, unless you're willing to overlook the fact that it's based on the original script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was in love with the idea of this movie. I wanted to see it as much as possible, and I wanted it to have a great script, but sadly, the script was awful. The script was predictable, and every time I looked at the screen it got more stupid. There were too many moments where the actors made no sense. There was no plot, no suspense, and no story, just one stupid line after another. I just wanted to be entertained by it, and there was not a lot to do. There are a lot better movies out there than this. The actors were so bad. I found the camera was a huge problem. I had never seen it before, and it was incredibly annoying to look at it. I was so mad at it, I turned off the TV when it started showing again. I did not know what I was looking at, and all I saw was the horrible screen. The ending was a complete fail, and the ending was just plain dumb. There is no way this movie was made to be good. It made no effort to be original. The director tried to make it funny, but in the end, the humor fell flat.  This movie is not worth seeing. There's nothing else worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In case anyone missed the point in this movie, it was that it was a horror film. That it was supposed to be a psychological thriller.  That it wasn't supposed to have a happy ending.  This is an extremely low budget, low budget production, but it still contains some good moments. I was expecting a lot more from a film with such a low budget and this is what I got.  However, I am very disappointed in this film. I have not seen this film in years. It is not a good horror film at all. It's nothing like anything I have seen in the 70's or 80's. This is a horrible waste of my time. I am disappointed in the actors and I have no interest in seeing this film ever again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no plot, no interest, and most of the acting is below par. I'm surprised that a director would go so far as to try and make a movie with so little going on. Why would anyone want to see this movie? The story, plot, characters, and dialogue all seem like they were made in a rush and don't make any sense whatsoever. The best part about this movie is probably the music. The music is pretty much unlistenable. It sounds like a guy is singing about a girl and a guy who looks like he has a girlfriend in this movie. The only redeeming part of the movie is the ending. It's pretty lame.  If you're looking for something to watch, turn it off and don,t waste your time on this. If you want to make an effort on your film, go see a good director who can bring some real depth and character to a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first watched this film when I was very young. I can still remember the song that I heard and I had to find out why the song was so stupid. It turned out to be the song played at the end of the film, the music of the song, and the name of the actor who played it.  This film is the most terrible movie I've ever seen. There's no redeeming feature in it. The film is filled with stupid jokes, terrible acting, and very slow-paced.  I give this film 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know that a lot of people have been watching this movie on DVD and DVD. I have yet to see it on the Internet. I just bought the DVD to see if I could find any comments, and to be honest, I have not found anything. So, I figured I'd share my experience. I watched it on DVD, and watched it again on DVD.  I saw the DVD and read the comments on it, and was shocked to find that no one has made any positive comments about this. In fact, I found it really sad to see how it was treated by the fans of this movie. A lot of them seemed to be more concerned with how it looked on the DVD rather than what it was actually supposed to do. It is not a movie. It does not have an ending. It never has a clear goal. It has no plot. It lacks even the most basic rules of film making, which is the most important of all.  The actors were OK, but nothing special. The only good thing was the music. There was not a single song in the whole movie that I would want to listen to again.  It should have been called "I've Seen It All Before", not "I know everything". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has the feeling of an after school special made for young children. It should have been called "Blessed Days". I can't think of a better title.  It is very low budget and very predictable. There is absolutely no suspense. I could have done without the actors (and I am a grown up). All they do is talk. They act in ways that will make them seem like idiots, when in fact they are very capable actors. There was one scene where the actor was trying to get out of his chair and they just kept dragging him.  All in all, the film is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is nothing more than a collection of the worst horror movies ever made, but that was not enough to stop it from being a decent film for adults. The movie is about a killer stalking a couple (Tommy Wiseau and Rachelle Lefevre) that he has taken on as human shields. After the husband is murdered, the killer kills the couple's two sons, who were in the movie's final shot. The killer was supposed to be killed by a man with a samurai sword, but the samurai never showed up, and the killer had a samurai helmet and a katana. There is no explanation for why he kept the samurai helmet around or why he never killed the husband with a sword. I really wanted to know how the killer was able to kill two people with a Samurai sword and a samurai shield, so I watched this movie for the first time. Unfortunately, the movie is just a bunch of horrible jokes that just got worse when you add the "cute" little kids into the mix.  As a horror fan, I was disappointed by this movie. I expected that the movie would be better because the director has directed movies such as "Rudy" and "The Shining." Sadly, this film isn't even a comedy or a horror flick. It's just a movie that was made to be a waste of time and money. I don't know how a horror movie could have the cast and crew that they have and be so bad that it still makes money. But that's what makes the movie so awful, because the cast was so bad. Even the kid who was supposed play the kid played a kid who had to act so badly that you wouldn't recognize the kid. If you are a horror film fan, you will see the movie for what it is, but just know that this was not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is not a comedy at all, not even a comedy that is funny. The characters are not believable. The plot is nonsensical and pointless. If you can find a laugh out of the entire film you will laugh. However, if you can't find a chuckle out of this film, you have missed out on the entire point of the film.  The only reason I gave it a 3.5 out of 10 is that it did have a certain charm. It was a nice and cute film with a terrible script and acting, but if you are looking for a good comedy this isn't it. The film is so devoid of charm that it's impossible to even make a movie like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this film, it's a lot like "Gone in 60 Seconds" meets "Cult of the Damned" meets whatever else "Hud" or "Crimewatch" is supposed to be. The actors (especially those from the cast) are terrible and the plot is totally ridiculous. The plot is completely unbelievable. The only good thing about it was that it was directed by David O'Barr, who made "The Adventures of Baron Munchausen". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A remake of the original, with a different ending. The movie opens with a very lame bit of music. The character of Jack (played by Robert Culp) meets up with a man called "Mr. Jack" who has a car and can be used to get some money to pay his debts. Jack falls in love with the girl and decides to leave the woman he's with. When the girl's boyfriend, John (played with an evil grin by Michael Rook) and his father (played for laughs by Bruce Willis) decide to kidnap the girl.  This movie was so bad that I was wondering why they were trying to remake it. This movie has very little originality or plot. It's all about the chase scenes. There's no character development. The characters don't get to say anything meaningful to each other, and it's all pretty much predictable.  The plot doesn't make sense, either.  And the ending was so stupid and anticlimactic that I actually laughed. If this movie had been made in the 80's and it were made by someone who knew how to make a decent movie, I think it would have been a joke. The original was much better. The remake just seems to have a lot of time wasted. The whole thing was very weak and weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really disappointed when I saw this movie, I had not thought of it since my parents made me watch this movie as a kid and was amazed that they made it! The acting was just horrible and there was absolutely nothing that could make you care about the story. The whole thing was a mess of a film.   I can only give it 4/10.  I do not understand why it was made if it was so awful. I do understand that it was just made for some kids who did not understand the story of the movie and decided to make it. The only thing that was good was that the story was not boring, but was too slow to make a movie out of it.  If you want to watch something that makes you laugh at the end of it, then watch a comedy. Otherwise, I don't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. The acting was really bad, and the whole story is very weak. I don't care about the plot or the characters. The movie is just boring. The story and the direction were so horrible, that I would have thought this movie was made in the late 90's. This movie doesn't even make sense. The idea that people have to take the side of the good guy is stupid. And the movie has the worst special effects I've seen in a movie in a long time.  This movie is horrible and should be avoided at all costs. This is one of the worst movies ever made, and it's not even worth seeing for its plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I've been around since I was a child," a very sad and bitter-sounding narrator says, "and I've seen a lot of terrible movies in my life, but I've never seen anything this bad."  The story is so predictable it's laughable. The character, who's played by an actress, gets off a speeding train in the middle of nowhere, and the train he's riding on crashes into an enormous monster. The monster tries to kill the actor, but he's too fast to kill him. The actress dies.  The director tries to make this movie a bit more interesting by showing a couple of other actors, who are played by very bad actors. The story isn't believable, because the actors are so awful they're so unbelievable they make the rest of the movie seem okay.  One of the actors says something funny, and another actor says something stupid.  This movie is so far from being funny that it makes you wonder if the director didn't know how to make jokes.  I wish I had written this review a long time ago when I was only in my twenties. I'm so glad I never saw it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the positive reviews about this movie: the story was good but the acting was awful, the acting in general was so bad and the script was so slow and the direction was so awful that it just made me want to rip my hair off. I was just hoping that the writer was the type of person who writes scripts that are not as horrible as this one.  I had never read the novel so I wasn't sure if I had seen the movie before or not. But then I saw the movie for myself and I was pretty sure that I hadn't seen it.  The writing was so terrible, it was so horrible, I laughed my butt off. The acting was so unimpressive. I thought I was going to cry when the girl was in the bathtub. I think the actor was about six years old.  Just a waste of time, and I didn't want to waste my time watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a lot more from this film. The idea was intriguing, but in execution it's pretty bad. First, the acting is awful. Some of the actors are not even in their characters. The director and the actors seem to be having a really hard time with the script. The story is not very original, and the script has been rewritten many times in the last two years. Even the opening credits have been rewritten multiple times. The actors are totally out of character. The film doesn't even have a script. It is a terrible excuse for an action film. This is the worst "action" film I've ever seen.  There are some really good action scenes in the "Rambo" movies, but they are so far removed from the original story line that I don't even know if the actors were in the original films.  The action sequences are simply awful. You get an idea for what is supposed to be happening and then it just sort of disappears.   The final fight scene between John-Paul Walker and Lance LaBeouf is very slow and predictable. If this is a Hollywood action film it's really the only thing that made this movie worth watching. It's pretty much a slog.  It was very obvious to me that this was a film that was made for people who like to read about action films. If you are into that, then go for it, but if you aren't, then steer clear.  I give this a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so terrible and boring. It's a bit overrated and it makes you want to throw it in the garbage bin. The story is just so boring, and it's so obvious the writers and directors have never even seen the movie they are making. The acting is so bad that I thought they were making the movie for laughs, not a plot to be entertaining. This movie should have been called "The Movie with The Hole in the Bottom" and made out of cardboard. The only good thing about this movie is that it has some cool scenes. The director, the writer and the actors are all so obviously in over their heads. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie twice. Once on video and once in a theater. The first time I saw it, I didn't have the energy to even try to figure out what was going on. I watched the video and was totally baffled by the fact that the characters were so far removed from the original book. The second time I watched it, it was even more frustrating, as it didn't seem like they were trying to make a movie that was actually a movie at all. It was an utter failure and there was no way in hell they could have done this better.  The plot is completely unbelievable. The plot could have been interesting, but they obviously couldn't do the movie justice. The characters are utterly unbelievable, there are too many contradictions between the book and the movies.  If you're looking for a good, original fantasy that is not based on a novel, then I would suggest avoiding this movie. I would have preferred the book, which has far more depth and makes more sense than this movie does. This movie is really just a glorified adaptation of a bad novel. It's so bad that it almost makes you feel bad for seeing it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm very surprised at the reaction to this film. It's a shame it did not go over well at all. I think the director should have gone with a different story. There is nothing at all in it to recommend it. In fact, I felt this film was a little too much like a B-movie. I know the director had a lot of time and was trying to do something a little different with this film, but this film really had no redeeming qualities.  The acting was poor, the cinematography was not particularly good, and there was little to recommend the story. I would recommend the original film, although it's not as funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this film, a couple of "normal" people (who are obviously not normal) find themselves on the same bus. In the meantime, the bus driver is getting hit by a truck and dies, but not before his passenger survives. The two passengers then decide to try to escape from the bus in a way that is not totally stupid, because they have no idea what to do.  The two people start getting kidnapped by "aliens" that live in the bus. They have a lot of guns, knives, and a lot more. But they cannot escape without help. If you can believe this movie, please do not watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The concept of "Auntie Minx" is so ludicrous, the plot so stupid, that I just had to laugh. This is the lowest level of the American Movie. If you enjoy the movies, you will like this one. If not, please don't waste your time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like horror movies you probably don't know what this movie is about. You will have to find out for yourself. It is a really bad movie. It looks really cheap and the acting is awful. The story is very weak and the characters are bland and uninteresting. This movie should have been given a 10. It just seems like a cheap film to make it look like a horror movie. If you like cheap horror movies like this you probably like horror films like this because it is so cheaply made. If your like horror with a lot of action, you probably hate horror films where the action is all over the place. The acting is terrible and the movie is so bad that it is actually funny to watch. I recommend the original film that I saw in the movie theater, "The Evil Dead". It is much better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst horror movies ever made. The film is so predictable and boring, that I couldn't believe it was even made.  The script was so poorly written that I felt the writer had no idea what he was talking about. The actors were terrible, and I felt that they did not care at all. The story was very slow and I lost interest in the movie by the time it reached the second act. I was so disgusted that I gave up and stopped watching. I just watched the first five minutes of the movie, and then watched the rest of the film. I can't believe that the writers of this film could have thought it was a good idea. I felt as if they were just putting their own spin on the story, and not caring at all about it. I think that this movie has a huge hole in its plot, which was so badly thought out that the movie could have ended with a cliffhanger. The plot is very predictable, and it is impossible to believe that there is no chance to escape, and no one around to save you. The movie ended with me thinking "WTF is that all about" when the last 10 minutes had just ended.  A great movie, just horribly botched. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A story about a girl and a girl, and a boy and a kid.  Oh boy, oh boy. I can't even describe how awful it is. The movie is completely pointless. I cannot believe the people who made it and thought it was OK. It was so bad I just wanted to see it to end.  If you are one of those people who thinks they can turn a movie into a great movie, then go ahead. You are going to have to go back and watch the first two "Karate Kid" movies to get the hang of it. If you want to see a movie about a little girl and her little sister, or a guy and a chick, or some random kid and their mom or something, then don't bother. It's probably not going to make you any money, but if you get bored, then watch some porn or watch some movies on DVD.  I give it 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an extremely lame film, it has absolutely no plot or story. It's just a bunch of stuff thrown together that's pretty pointless. There's one part in particular that is absolutely ridiculous. A few minutes after the opening credits, the camera pans over a few scenes of the 'house' and the camera pulls back and shows only the 'hobby' room. And then the camera stays still, not even turning around, for several minutes. It would have been easier to just cut out that one shot.  But hey, that's just what it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the worst movie I've ever seen. It's a total waste of my time. The story, the actors, the script, the direction, and the direction of the actors are all terrible. The worst of all was the ending. I've never seen a better ending than this one. I would give it an 8. It would make an 8 out of 10. I have no idea why it was rated as an 8, but it sure is a waste of your time. I'm disappointed that I wasted my time watching this movie. It makes you wonder why movies like this exist. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was really quite boring and at the end I felt so bad for the director.  I really think that people who saw this movie probably weren't aware of the fact that the movie was just a copy of the movie "Barely Lethal", which was released in 1982 and was one of the most successful American movies of the time. The movie is made to look exactly the same but there is no way that this movie could have been made for that amount of money.  It is a bad effort at being a B movie and I would like to warn anyone who wants to see this movie to turn it off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I can praise for this movie is that the story is so poorly done and poorly directed. This movie looks like it was made by a 13 year old. The acting was horrible, the cinematography was not good, the plot was completely incoherent and it's obvious that this is supposed to be a spoof of "The X Files". This is just an awful, awful, horrible movie. I can't believe it was that bad. I thought that this was supposed to look like a film from the early 90's, but it was just a bunch of guys talking to each other in a dark room. I guess that makes sense for a lot of them. This is a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just had to write a negative about a very bad movie.  This is the first film that I have seen where the characters were not completely worthless and stupid, yet completely oblivious to their own stupidity. I have to say that the acting was not bad either. I thought that they were the real actors, but were the ones who were playing dumbasses. The acting was so predictable that it was ridiculous. I was bored from the beginning.  I don't think I've ever seen such a stupid movie, where I felt so stupid I didn't care if I could have done anything to help the characters.    The only good thing about this movie is that I think it's really funny. But I think I could be better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen.  It's a mess. There's not much story line, it's all really, really, stupid. I had to sit through it, just to get to the end. The dialog is so bad. The plot is just so poorly put together, it makes no sense at all. The only thing that's funny is when it's a comedy. I just can't understand how anyone in their right mind made this movie.  This film was really not worth watching. I don't recommend it to anyone who likes to watch bad movies. If you want to watch something entertaining, go watch "The Sixth Sense". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's about a bunch of people who don't have a clue who they are trying to be, and don't care about being in a movie. The only thing that they seem to care about are the movie titles that are on the DVD cover. This film is an unmitigated disaster. There are just so many obvious mistakes and holes that I almost felt like I was watching a TV show. One person is in the movie and doesn't know the name of the other character. It's like they wanted to be in the show and couldn't get it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Tales of Horror" is a film that is not really about horror at all, but rather about a bunch of young actors playing characters that they think are really scary. This film has a lot of problems. First of all, it is not a true horror film at all. The characters are not scary at all and it does not have any actual scares. The story is very predictable and the acting is not good.   The only thing that makes this film worth watching is the story line about the girl who killed her boyfriend in the woods.  It is really too bad that this film is such a poor film to waste a movie night. The acting is very poor and the story is so predictable that it's not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an odd, poorly done, one-sided affair, full of the same sort of stereotypes that made "Lumberjack Legend" such a dud. There's an over-sexed cheerleader-type character (the "L" in "Litter") and an actor (the man, I guess) that has more than a few lines in a few movies, who somehow gets more screen time than the two girls who are supposed to be his love interests. In the movie, the two characters (played by the two girl leads) never get together, which is sort of the point. It's not even a real romantic comedy. It just makes you feel like a big loser when your female friend is in the same boat.  The "Liverpooine" characters are pretty funny, and there are some funny moments, but the whole movie just makes me feel like I was watching the opening scene of "A Nightmare on Elm Street" or "Casper's Wild."  It just sucks that I had to see it, and I can't recommend it to anyone. If you want to see a really bad movie, check out "The Uninvited." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no way in hell that I'm gonna waste any more of your time talking about this movie. This is one of those movies where the whole movie is about how a good guy (the main character) and a bad guy (a major antagonist) meet each other and how it leads to a good movie where the good guy has to fight a baddie. The main problem with this movie is that it never gets the chance to develop the story or make it interesting. The script never has anything to say and is just recycled ideas and situations from the past few movies.  A couple of movies were okay. But I'm not going to waste any further time talking on it.  If you wanna see a bad flick try the ones with no plot, such as "The Sandlot". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie was a waste of time, especially since it started off with a great song (the one in "Bitter Sweet Symphony" by Neil Young) that made me laugh. But then the plot was unbelievable and I lost interest. What really bugged me was the fact that the movie had no redeeming qualities whatsoever. I really wish I would have seen the movie again, but the guy who made it is probably not even interested in this type of thing anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the idea of being trapped inside an elevator with a crazed killer, you'll love this movie. It's just a really, really dumb way to depict the concept. The acting is so bad, I think the director has been drinking too much. The only reason I can explain this bad movie is because it is a Japanese movie. This is an extremely unpopular movie in Japan. This should be a lesson to anyone who wants to make a Japanese horror film: Japanese horror films are a disaster in every sense of the word. This movie should be called "Japan Horror: How to Make a Movie about an elevator." I wish I had never made this movie... I wish you could have seen the movie and laughed or cried instead of being scared for a few minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not the first time I've seen a movie that is about the life of a guy that killed himself. And, in fact, the other movie was even worse.  But this movie is far worse. This is just awful.  It's a waste of time, and I would be more offended if they made the ending better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand why anyone would like this movie. It's about an old man who had a bunch of kids. One day, he tells his kids that he's going to do a movie. They are going to see this movie when it comes out, and they all get scared. I don a couple of friends to watch this movie because I was scared, and it sucked. If you don't like movies that are supposed to scare the crap out of you, don't go see this one.  It's so bad that I was so tired when it was over that I didn't finish it. I think I watched it in 4 or 5 days.  The movie has some good bits, but it's so far from what I was expecting. The story is totally unbelievable, and the acting is terrible.  If you like movies with bad acting and crappy plot, you will hate this movie and probably not watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so poorly acted that I was laughing at the fact that the character in question could actually speak! I mean, come on! If you are a big fan of the character of Peter Quill from the Guardians of the Galaxy and his character is that of a stereotypical male idiot with a bad attitude, I would think that this film would be a good idea.  This is a very poor effort and I'm sorry to say it, but it was fun to watch in a bad way. It's definitely a waste of time. If you have any of the previous Guardians of The Galaxy DVD, I'd recommend you to get it. I just hope that Quill gets his own movie with some decent acting and direction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has some fun parts but nothing to make you care for the characters and not much to make anyone want to stay in the theater to watch the end. It's about three guys, a truck driver and a bank robber, who get up to a robbery and get out of the way, only to get killed by the other guy and the police who were chasing them. The only redeeming quality of the movie is the fact that the guys were in a truck. But that's not enough to save the movie. It has very low production values and very low budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating is 2/10, because I really wanted to like this movie.  The story is predictable, the acting is terrible, and the acting was worse than in "Liar's Dead".  There was also a scene where the actors were all walking backwards, like they were playing a game.  There are so many scenes where the characters are running away from something and then they get caught, or they get away with something, and then there's another scene where they get arrested.   This movie is so boring, it's so unbelievable, and it's just so boring. It's just not worth watching.  And if you can't take the risk of watching it, please don't watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know if this movie was a copy of "Ghostbusters" but I just don't get it. The acting is awful, the story is awful and the special effects are terrible. There are some neat effects in the movie, but they're totally pointless and completely unnecessary.  I'll be honest, I just can't see a movie where the special effect is better than the story.  A couple things that are a little better are the background music and the camera angle. The music is pretty bad and I'm surprised there wasn't a full score.  The background music is OK and I think it would've made the movie a lot better if they didn't use the "Giant Squid" theme song. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about an "old man" (Randy Marsh) who is a "fishing instructor". One day, his apprentice fish kills a "little girl" and he and his daughter, Sally (Lorelai Morgan), go fishing with the old man's family.  But...well...he's old and he doesn't like fishing anymore. His daughter, who is in love with Sally, wants to be the one who does all the fishing and he wants to quit fishing and spend his life with her. But, what is Sally to do? How do they decide on Sally's future? Will she be the fisherman's daughter, the fishing instructor's daughter or the fisherman? I didn't like Sally, and I didn the movie. I really wanted the old guy to be a "good fisherman" and not a "bad fisherman". Why is he fishing when Sally is in high school? Why did they start fishing together? Why is it that they both want to quit the "bad fishing" and go fishing together?! Why is the old "fisher" fishing in the rain forest? Why was Sally's family and the old fisherman's family in the same house? Why didn't they know each other before the "filling out forms" and going to the police? I just felt the movie was bad and this movie is worse than the movie that was made about the first wife of the first husband of the movie's lead actor. I don't understand how the producers could have allowed this movie to get this bad. This movie should have been made with a good movie. It should have looked like the movie it's about and not like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like movies like this but I can't stand it when the script is so ridiculous and boring. I've seen this movie on TV and I'm shocked it got made. The whole movie looks like a script from a video game.  The director of this movie is a bad director and the actress is awful, I wish they had just made the movie without this director. I'm not sure if it will get released, because the director is a known douchebag who has directed bad movies like "Beverly Hills Cop" and "The King of the Hill".  I would not recommend this movie to anyone. It's like a video-game movie and is very short.   I'm surprised it got released, but I'm guessing it will just get destroyed by all the bad movies that are made every day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't normally comment on movies, but when I saw this I had to write a negative rating. I was expecting a good movie, and the worst part was when the movie played backwards at the end.  I was hoping for a movie that was at least a little funny, but even that was not achieved.  The movie itself was really bad, with very poor acting, bad plot, bad writing, and worst of all, a horrible soundtrack. I know the actors were very good, but this movie should not have been made. I'm going to leave this movie alone, because it will probably never be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's no secret that this film is really poorly made, but I must admit that it still manages to get a lot of people to watch it, despite the fact that I could just as easily make it myself with my own laptop and an array of cheap toys. I think the reason for its success is probably due to the fact it has a catchy tagline that says, "How do you kill a monster that looks like a monster?" The problem with this tagline is that the only monsters that have looked like that are the ones that are really, really, truly evil. I can't believe the makers of this film could have gotten away with the tagline, because I know the monsters that look like that (the ones that could have been made to look like a giant octopus) are the most innocent creatures on the planet.  The main problem with the film is that it has no concept at all.  There are no monsters, there are no clues, there is no climax, and there is even no resolution at all! The film doesn't even give the viewer the opportunity to find out who is actually killing the monsters! This film should have been called "How To Murder A Monster" because it would have made much more sense.  I do admit that the film contains some really neat visual effects, which make up for the lack of story. The film does, however, fail at making sense by having one monster turn into another one (which was an element that was done in the original, but only one) when the filmmakers want to create a bit more suspense (or make the audience look away from the screen). The film should never have been released, it's just a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like any horror movies, you won't like this one. It's just a bad and boring horror flick. The actors are so bad that you almost don't care. The story was very predictable, the ending was predictable, and the character development was really bad. It seemed like the director was really trying to make the audience scared of a bad horror movie and that wasn't good at all. The ending was so bad, it made me feel really sad. I really hated that this was all so boring.  I found it so difficult to care about the characters, because I was so bored with them.  This is the only horror movie I've ever seen where I actually didn't care about anyone in it, and that was a bad one. The acting was terrible. I'm pretty sure that it had a bunch of really bad actors who didn't know how to act. If you like horror movies with a little bit of gore, this one is a bad choice. If not, just skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In what is perhaps the most unintentionally hilarious movie ever made, this film is full of clichs, predictable story and plot, and is devoid of any humor. I don't care if you like comedy or horror or whatever else; I just find it incredibly insulting to audiences who do.  I can only compare this to the poorly made comedy "The Hangover Part II" because they both have an actor (Jack Nicholson) who is known for playing the straight man, and that actor was a major comedic force in those films. "Lucky" seems to have cast a very low key actor (Watts) as a "straight man" in this film. I can see why they made this movie: the premise is weak and it does not go anywhere in terms of story, but that does not excuse this film from the trash heap that it was made to be.  The acting was bad, the writing was bad (or at least it lacked the humor), and the story was even worse. I found myself not even caring if the actors were in their right minds or not. It was just not worth the time to sit through it, and I can't recommend it for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are three movies from this genre - the one with the weird theme, the one where the main character is a dog and one where he is a man. This is the only one I can see where the dog is a "bad" guy.  I like the idea behind this genre, but this one just falls apart. In a way, it was made for the viewers. The actors did a good job, but they are not actors, so their acting did not really add anything.  The first movie is the weakest, but I guess it is OK. I just want to warn you that if you want to see this, do NOT watch it if you don't like dogs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character, who has no discernible reason to believe in this movie, spends his time telling everyone about the movie, and how good it is.  It's about as funny as watching an episode of the Muppets on TV, and worse than anything I've seen on MTV in its history.  One of the worst movies I've ever seen.  I saw it on a video tape, and it made me laugh so hard I almost vomited.  The DVD version is just as bad, if not worse, than the video.  This is a waste of time. The movie was a complete waste of your time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has so much going on, it makes a big mess and it has no idea what it is trying to accomplish. The story is pretty basic. The movie was made in 1994 and the movie takes place in 1987, that is a little too far from the time period of the film. The film has no dialogue in it and it is too short to show much of the movie without the characters getting lost in the story. The only thing that I found interesting was the fact that the story was told in first person and the characters were presented as if they were real. The actors are terrible and the acting is really bad. I think this movie could have been a comedy if it were written properly, but it isn't.  It isn't funny at all. I give it 2 out of 10. It really could have used some more effort and better direction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely pathetic. I can't believe it got such a positive review. I'm a total sucker for comedies and I thought this movie would be funny, but it's just plain awful. It is absolutely awful. I was hoping for a bit of humor but it just doesn't come through at all. I did like the idea of the little girl in the wheelchair, but the way she's treated in the film is absolutely terrible. The plot is extremely convoluted and the whole movie just feels like it could have been done by an eight year old with a really bad script.  I know the director made this film because he thought it would be a good movie for children, but he made it so badly that I think it's a waste of time. I hope he gets a bigger movie out of this movie, but I'm afraid I'll just watch the DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the original film in various form, but this remake is just a cheap cash-grab version that is a waste of time. This is the least good remake I've ever seen, and I have seen better. It's just so bland. I don't even know why they bothered. It seems to be a copycat remake of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" that has taken the original movie and put it in the same garbled, incoherent, and unintelligible format. It really doesn't deserve its own version, but I dont have the patience to wait. The remake was just OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm surprised this was even on the IMDb when it's rated at "6.5 out of 10". I'd thought the producers had been warned that this would probably be their worst-ever rated film - but it was!  The plot was too contrived, the acting was so weak that I laughed once at a line and the other time when it was so obviously staged. I found the scene in which the guy's father and son are being held hostage, especially in the end when the father and daughter finally break free, completely unbelievable.  The only redeeming factor was the humour, which was very thin and one-sided - but that didn't save it from a disappointing final act. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so bad that I didn't even want to watch it, and the people who do see it should be ashamed. The acting was awful, the direction was poor, the special effects were weak and the overall film was very slow paced.  The director has only made 2 films so far, and this is the first one he made without the help of a script writer, and that was only because he was too busy making another film.  I thought the acting was much better in the first film, but they lost a lot of credibility and were just plain awful in this one. The movie looks like a rushed version of the first, and in no way resembles the original. The special effects and photography in this film are absolutely awful. The camera moves around too much and the story is so flat. I felt like I was watching a stage play with all the actors playing their parts without knowing what they were supposed to be doing. I was very frustrated because it seemed like the script was so out of control that they could not even come up with anything to do with the script. I thought that the director should have left this film alone. The only good thing about it is the special features, which are a total waste of money. There are no special effects, no special music, and no special animation. There is no way to enjoy it as an action film. I'm not sure what they did with the sound effects, but it sounds like a bunch of teenagers making a record with a really cheap microphone and the result was a really bad movie.  If you want to see a film that was made with no care for quality and is a complete waste of your time, check out the first 2 films made by this guy, and watch them at home on a VHS tape.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film in a small, non-descriptive theater and I must say I was not a big fan of it. It was boring.  The story was not very good, the acting was bad, the visuals were so boring it almost made me want to stop watching.  And the music, well, it was boring as well. I would have been more entertained if I could have found the sound in the film, because I could not understand the lyrics.  However, the film did not even warrant one out of 10, and was in fact more like a 2 out of 20.  I think it would have made a better film if it had been edited.  It was too slow, it did not show a lot of action and it just felt like a waste of time.  A shame that such a great film was ruined so easily.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the reviews and saw the comments and thought "this is what I've been waiting for since I can remember". But I wasn't surprised by this movie. I was expecting something good. I'm not a fan of action or anything really that has to do with a fight to the death. I just wanted to see two guys fighting and that's it. I couldn't understand how it was that the movie was going to be a little bit different than the first two movies. But it wasn't. This movie is so bad that I'm almost positive that this is not a good movie. If I was going down to watch it in my local movie theater, I'd stay away from this one. I think I'll rent the other two. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is not worth it's rating because it is so much worse than other films I have seen. This film features some really stupid and clichd humor.  However, it is worth watching for those that want to see how an American version of a bad film becomes a hit in Japan.  The story revolves around a man who kidnaps women for money and keeps the women as slaves, who are basically useless in the real world. In one scene the men who are in charge of the women are called "pupils" and they are forced to teach the women to sew.  Another thing I like is that the movie does not show any of the actual Japanese content (so far, I have not seen anything from Japan). In the original Japanese version of the film, the girls are supposed to wear Japanese clothing, and that is why the film has a slightly more Japanese feel.  This is a really weak film. It should be avoided by those who want a laugh, not by those that are looking for a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was alright, but it was not that great. It could have been better, but the plot seemed a little too contrived to be believable.  I wish that the director had made a film with more original ideas. This was an over-the-top plot that had no real story line and a very basic plot for a romantic comedy. It is like something that was put together by someone who just got out of the studio and didn't know how to make a film.  The only saving grace was that there were some really good supporting characters and a few funny moments.  All in all, it was a very predictable, clichd, and predictable film. This would have been a fun film for the most pretentious movie lovers, but not the average viewer. It wasn't even funny, but I don't think it's funny to laugh at a movie where there are no jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie only once, and the only review I have ever seen that mentions it is this one. It is, of course, the film that spawned the term "slasher flick". I found it to be a boring, and to be honest, not even worth seeing. This was clearly an amateur effort on the part of the director, who had no talent in directing or acting. And what was that about a woman in a coma, that he had to add that line about a killer in a woman's body?  The director could have used more time and effort in explaining the film to me, rather than giving me a list of all the things that were happening in the film, and I would have been able to figure out that it wasn't all that interesting. But, hey, it's a movie.  I guess that's what I would expect from a movie made by a low budget indie director who clearly didn't understand the concept of a movie, and is only interested in giving a low-budget horror flick a name by giving it an all-caps title. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie had nothing to do with the novel. The movie is about a young couple with two kids and they want to take their kids to a movie about the famous pirate, Jack Sparrow. But Jack doesn't want to go, he has a heart attack and the kids are stuck. They decide to take Jack to his parents in his castle, which is very nice, but they are really bored. So the kids decide to kidnap Jack and take him to the movie theater. So when they go in the movie and the guy they kidnapped gets killed, the kids turn Jack into a pirate. But the movie is just so bad. So we get the guy being chased by pirates and the movie goes back and forth and the pirates get killed by Jack and then the guy gets captured by pirates. But they don't capture him and he escapes by jumping from a bridge and is eaten by a shark. But it's not that the movie was bad, it was that the story was completely made up. The kids weren't able to act the way they wanted to act. The actors acted too much like idiots. The guy being eaten by the shark was actually a shark, and the kid was a mermaid. I didn't care if they killed a shark because the movie wasn't good, it wasn't even bad, but the kids acting was just stupid and the story wasn't there.  The ending is stupid. The girl dies because she is about to get eaten by shark, but it is never shown and the final scene shows her being eaten alive. The ending was supposed to be "Ariel", but the movie had to change it because they couldn't show the girl get eaten. So it was really lame.  But what really made this movie worse was the music. I have listened to this movie over and over and I don't think I can explain why the song was so terrible. The song was awful, and that was the main reason why I hated this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie once before and I have to say I was so disappointed with it! Why? Because it was not funny, not even funny enough to make me laugh, not funny enough that I could take it seriously. It was simply a waste of time.  And I don't even mean the acting! I mean the story! It was completely incomprehensible. And this is not a bad thing. It's just the movie could have been better.  It is not even worth a 1/10, maybe a 1.5 or 2, I just saw it and I couldn't believe it. It didn't make me feel any better about the world, in fact I felt worse about the rest of the world.  But what I really hated was that the movie was made by a guy who was a total jerk! It wasn't funny, it was ridiculous, it made no sense, it wasn't anything. I don' have a very hard time taking seriously movies made by other people, and this movie had the worst possible excuse.  The plot didn't even make sense! The story was made up by someone who clearly didn't understand the concept of comedy! I can only assume he thought that making a movie about a guy falling in love with a girl was so funny that it needed to be in the movie! I'm not sure how he thought it was possible to make a movie in which a guy falls in love...and not fall in love first.  This movie was not just stupid, it really was a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this film at a local video store, and was somewhat impressed. But it was not until I went to see it in the local video shop where the guy who owned it told me it was a "must see for anyone who loves movies".  The film is so dull, that it makes me feel like I'm watching a comedy where the main character is actually just a dumb jock trying to pass for a guy. The plot revolves around a video store that sells only adult content (for example, adult videos of a sexless guy in his underwear masturbating to a porn movie), and a girl who sells adult videos to make ends meet. The movie does not have any plot to speak of. There is no real point to the film other than the "what if" situation. There are just a lot of scenes of the girls getting off on this and that. Some of the shots are so badly done, that you would think they were shot on a cheap camcorder (though they are actually from the real movie) that you might actually have to use a tripod for the camera.  And worst of all, the movie does NOT have a DVD release! You can't really tell. You just assume that the DVD was never made. There's no DVD release certificate, no print/tape/video label. I can't even figure out if it was released in NTSC, PAL, or NTSC+VHS. I found it released in a "b" version (B+). So if you ever see the movie, don't rent it, and don't waste your money on it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the trailer on the original DVD of the movie. The story was a little odd, but I don't know if that was intentional or not. The acting was not good. The whole thing is a little too much like "A Clockwork Orange". I think the movie was a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the review of the film on IMDb and then watched it on the movie site. I was surprised that I missed this when it was first shown in the film-store. I think they did a poor job at directing, and I would recommend not viewing it on your own unless you want to be entertained, or just plain bored. The story is nothing like any of the other movies I've seen. It's a little confusing at times, but not in a good way. The acting is just as bad as the script. There is nothing to look forward to in this movie. There's nothing that can make you laugh or cry, nothing to connect with.  The plot isn't even worth mentioning. There are some pretty cool and interesting bits in it, but it's just so dull that I didn't care about them.  You have to be an adult to enjoy this movie, but if you are an adult and have a low tolerance for boredom, I think you should avoid this film as much as possible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first read about this movie on the internet and then I watched it, I found it hard to believe. Why was this movie made and why was it made so bad? I guess I just didn't read the description well enough. I'm not sure how it was made so badly. The acting was awful and the script was so bad, I could barely understand it. It just made me feel that it was a rip off of "The Amityville Horror". I found the movie to be very insulting to real horror films. It's just one of those movies that I feel is just made to make people look bad. The only good part about this was the fact that the director was trying to make the movie as scary as possible. He did make it a little better by adding in a few jump scares at the beginning of the movie, but overall it was just a complete waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what this movie was made for, but it was supposed to be a spoof of this movie: "The Last Days Of Judas." I saw it the other day, and I was appalled. The acting was so unbelievable that I actually laughed at the absurdity of it all. I have no idea what the director was thinking. I just can't believe that this movie could have been made by a 14-year-old. It's just not funny at all, unless you are a kid.  The plot is completely unbelievable. Why did this kid make a movie about Judas? The characters don't seem to care about anything at all. The characters are all so stupid and pathetic. I could not believe that the actors could have done the acting in this movie. I don' t know why they didn't.  This movie should have been directed by someone who knows how to make movies.  It is absolutely horrible. I was watching it on a Sunday, and it was the first movie I have ever seen where I felt like I was seeing a movie for a kid who is 14. I mean, what was the movie made for? To make me laugh? That's just ridiculous. This movie is nothing but an excuse for kids to act like children. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the trailer and it looked like a good comedy but it was nothing like I remembered from the first "B" movie. This is not the movie I remember from the beginning of "B". This movie was nothing but the same, just a bit more dull, like an action flick. The only difference is that the action scenes were all done in black and white.  The only thing that I liked was the idea of "cops" and "detective". It would have been great if they had done a good job at making the cops and detectives seem real, but the script was a mess and the direction was a joke. I had the feeling that they wanted to make it funny.  I gave the rating 4 out of 10. It is a really bad movie and I would never recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't even really funny, or even remotely believable. It's not even funny enough to be worth seeing in this form, and the actors (aside from the director, who isn't exactly a household name) don't have the charisma to make anything good happen. I found it amusing, if not very funny, that the only thing the two guys have in common are that they both can speak Italian and that they hate each other. They can probably hate me, too, but I won't go there.  I'm sorry, but the acting was bad. And the writing was bad, too. It was just plain awful. The characters were boring, the story wasn't funny, and even the movie's title wasn't particularly amusing. It just made me want to stop watching the movie and watch something else. It wasn't a good movie.  The only redeeming qualities were the great soundtrack and the fact that the movie had a fairly large cast. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was one of the worst I have ever seen. I mean, how can it be that an entire movie is about a guy taking his daughter on a trip to a big, open house. What happened to all the cool, sexy ladies that could not get into the big house? I was just waiting for my girlfriend to show up. And then the wife and I were shown some stuff about the "fun", and the "experience". But not a lot. Nothing that really made me feel. It was just too much. And it made me wish that I was home watching a movie on DVD, and I could turn the TV off and watch this movie over again.  I have seen worse movies. I can say I saw worse movies in the past. This was just awful.  The story was completely unbelievable. The acting was terrible, the direction was awful, the humor was awful. I just felt like it was all a bunch of made up to make the movie look like a good movie. And I am a big fan of cheesy humor and over-the-top situations. This wasn't that. It didn't even come close. I think it was made so that the movie was supposed to be funny, but just couldn't make it funny. It wasn't even funny at all.  A lot of the stuff in the movie sounded like they had been told to say something, and they weren't even sure what it was supposed too. This could have been avoided if they had just put in something that was actually interesting.  And then, they finally got the girl into the house. And that was when the movie became really stupid and made me want to get my hands off of her.  It didn'T even make the girl get a good time in the house with the guys, and she didn't get a really good time with the girls either. They were all like, "Hey, how about a movie? You're supposed to get to be in the room with them."  I mean. Why? Why? Where is this from? Why did they do this? What did they get the girl to do? Why does the guy give up his money for the trip? Why didn't she take a shower before they went on the trip?? What's going on? What is going on?? How do they know what the movie is supposed to do??? How did they even get the place to open?? How did the house get to open??? And why
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an embarrassment to the term "films made in America" - this is a total waste of a good script and a few interesting ideas. The acting is not even as bad as the script.  In one scene, the actor speaks about a "bad movie" and the audience is supposed to laugh at that.  The movie contains one or two decent jokes and some funny sequences, but all in all, it just leaves a bad taste in your mouth. The actors don't make the character come alive, they don't have any charisma and they have no chemistry. It is hard to believe that the movie has been made by a Hollywood producer, especially considering the fact that the director is a former student of the University of Virginia, where the film was filmed.  One thing to remember is that the original script was based on a novel by the late author of "The Wizard of Oz", R.W. Morgan, who had died several years earlier. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film when it came out. The only thing I liked about it was that it had a cool title. Unfortunately, it was so bad that I didn't know what to think about it. I saw it in 2 different theaters, and they both had the same result. If you like to see a movie where there is nothing that connects the characters together, you'll probably enjoy it. The story is not well-written and the acting is awful. The first half hour is so boring that I had to wait for it to end. The last half hour was just a blur. I don't know if this is a bad or a good movie, I just know it's bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really dislike the movies that are made in this style. They usually don't bother to try to get to the root of the movie. They just have a bunch of stupid and pointless things that just happen, which is what I've seen in this movie. This movie is actually a collection of jokes.  The script is completely awful. And the acting is really bad, in my opinion. I'm guessing that the whole thing could have been cut out and the story could have made some sense. But it wasn't. And I really hate movies like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first movie I have ever seen that does not make any sense whatsoever. This is not an adult film but it is for children. It is simply not entertaining. The story line seems to have been taken from the book "The Secret Life of the American Teenager" by Paul Stoff, but without the book's storyline or the original author's name. If you are going to watch this, please first read the book and then go to the movie theater to enjoy this movie instead. I gave it an F for the bad acting, the poor direction and the lame script. I will not watch it again, unless I am allowed to rent it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know the producers are looking for a bigger budget and that this movie will probably get more ratings, but still... I just can't believe this film. The acting is not that bad. I know it was not directed by the same director as the last movie, but this movie just doesn't have that same feel. The plot is just so weak and there are not enough moments to make it interesting. The cinematography looks terrible and is one of the worst of all the movies I have seen in my life. This film looks like a copy of a copy, which was not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had a whole lot of hype surrounding it, but after watching it, I was left scratching my head wondering how this could have been made in the first place. This movie is so incredibly boring and has a really terrible story line that would make most people go bonkers. I really couldn't find any character motivation. It really didn't make sense for anyone. It's so sad that the movie was made.  I saw the movie when it was first released and thought it was pretty decent, but when I watched it again, I couldn't help but notice that the characters had almost no personalities. I thought the characters were so uninteresting and unsympathetic. It was just a whole bunch of people that got killed off-screen, and I was completely baffled as to why anyone would have made it. I know the movie could have had a better story, but I'm just glad it didn't. It could have actually been good if it had a little more effort put into it.  It's an absolute waste of time, and anyone who would have seen it before the movie, probably would have just ignored it. This is the worst movie I've ever seen, and it really is just a waste of the time of any person who would see it. Just stop watching movies and just enjoy a movie on the big screen, that way you don't waste your time, because movies should be a nice way of entertaining yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was a bit slow at times but was overall enjoyable. The only thing I disliked was the characters in the movie. There was too much filler and too much of a focus on the action scenes. I didn't like how they kept talking about the movie when the movie wasn't even over.  This movie had some cool concept art in it but was a waste of time. The action scenes were really slow and boring. The art was pretty cool but it could have been a lot better if they had just made the movie a little shorter and kept the focus on something other than the characters.  Overall a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing this, I realized I had watched it on TV and that was my mistake. The movie was a waste of time. I found it a waste after watching only the first half of it. I am now looking forward to watching the whole movie because I am going to make this into a nightmare on my television. I really wanted to see the entire movie and I lost interest at the end. I would recommend people to not waste their time on this movie, unless you want to see how a movie writer can make a movie with so little effort and so little talent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is one of those 'cringe' or 'bad movie' movies, that you watch just because it had the word 'R' in the title.  And there is no redeeming reason why you should ever watch this movie. The acting was bad, the direction was so far from good, and the plot was so poorly plotted. There was nothing in this film that was not predictable, or even believable.  It should be mentioned that this is a film that is made by a non-famous American director, that is supposed to be a'serious' film. The plot has no real point, it is just a way to get the film released and make money off the backs of American audiences.  This film is made for one reason, and that reason is money. The film was made to promote the film's distributor, and get American audiences to go out and see this movie, and if the movie did not make money, the film would not be made. The only reason I give this movie 3/10 is because the movie was made on a tiny budget. The movie was only made to fill a very small film's budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so boring, so predictable and so unbelievable that it just can't make up for the fact that it's just a movie. There are some moments in the film that make you think it might be a comedy. It really isn't. The only reason I can see this movie is that I am a huge fan of the cartoon show "Family Guy". I've seen every episode of the show since I was a child, and I have never seen any episode that I didn't enjoy. "FamilyGuy" is just a show that has a lot of fans, but it is also one of the most poorly made movies I have ever seen. I am not really a fan of "Family" either.  This was so awful that I don't even remember what was in the movie. I guess I just couldn't stop myself from seeing it. It's just plain boring. I'm guessing that the reason it was so bad was because the script was so terrible that the director couldn't even follow the script to its conclusion. I really hope that the writer of this movie got fired because he/she failed miserably at being a director. I can't believe that this film was even made. I mean, it was just so bad that it could've been a "Family Movie".  This is just another example of a Hollywood film that is so obviously a waste of time and money. I give it a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an example of bad horror movies: a big budget, cheesy script, nothing more, nothing less. It's not funny, it's not scary, it has no heart, and it just seems like it was made in the 1980s. If you want a horror movie that doesn't make you go insane, you need a movie like this, and you need to pay extra for it. It might be a decent horror flick if you like John Carpenter's work, or John Landis' work, but you don't need to see it to know that it's a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's not much to say about this movie other than "bad" is the worst word in the English language. The characters are a total mess, and the script is terrible. In a movie like this, it would be better if they put a few decent actors in it. It's a waste of time and money. There's no reason to watch this film at all. It just comes off as a waste, and I'm sorry to say that I was one of the few who was able to enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing good about this movie is that it gives a lot of publicity to an actor who can't even act a complete movie.  I've seen this movie twice and have yet to come up with anything positive to say about it. The acting is terrible and the story isn't even worth a mention. It makes no sense at all. This movie made the mistake of trying to make the viewer feel like a big deal. The fact that it's rated PG-13 means it has to be PG-14. If it was rated R or R+ I'd be able to see it as something more, not a glorified B movie. The movie is a total waste of time and it's a shame the director of it is a guy named "Zyzz". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a very unoriginal premise and is nothing more than a bunch of cheesy jokes and recycled lines from the movies of the 80's. It doesn't even have any plot, and the acting is pretty pathetic. It is a complete waste of money and time. The only reason I saw this movie was because of the fact that it has been listed as a comedy on IMDb, and that it was made by a group of actors in college.  This film is really a waste of time, and I don't recommend you waste your time watching this. It's so terrible that you'd have to see it to understand why it was rated "Mature" by IMDb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not surprised that it's called "The Censorship of The Day", since I haven't seen a movie in a long time that didn't involve censorship. And I have to say that it doesn't deserve to be considered a "film". I've seen the likes of "The Last Temptation of Christ" and "A Shot in the Dark" and I have no idea how they were allowed to be released. But this is an "art" project. I just don't understand the concept behind it. It's just a bunch of people on a stage screaming over the top. And when I saw the movie, I couldn't get it out of my mind, because I didn't like it, so I couldn to try and figure out how it could have been made.  I have seen many documentaries and I can tell you that they are all "art". It's a matter of perspective. You can see all the great things that are on film, but it doesn's job of providing a good movie experience. If you can't figure out the idea behind this film, then you're either too lazy to do it, or you're just not interested. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got really annoyed with this film because it made me laugh just once. This is the third film from this director that I found to be so completely boring and pointless.  In the first one, he made an interesting but unimpressive (and rather low budget) comedy, then he did a lame horror movie. Then he made a bad remake of a good movie. And now he has made a really stupid and pointless film.  This film has almost no plot, no story, and nothing to keep me entertained. I can only recommend it because it contains some really irritating music (which is just as annoying as the movie itself).  The acting is not good, the acting is usually pretty bad, the writing is awful, the cinematography is terrible, and the special effects are not believable.  The director does not seem to care about the characters and the plot of the movie. In this case, he is a complete waste of time and money.  I would not recommend this film to anyone, especially not to young children. This film is just a waste of money, because the director and his staff are obviously insane. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're a movie fanatic, you'll love this film. However, if you're not a movie lover or a film buff, you won't like it.  I've seen the trailers, read the description, watched the trailer, read reviews on IMDb and read the reviews on the IMDb forum. I still can't figure out what's wrong with it. It's just a complete waste of time. The acting is awful. The plot is ridiculous and there's no redeeming factor whatsoever. It just goes nowhere and just becomes a boring piece of crap that has no point whatsoever. The movie should have been a low budget feature from the 70s with no budget at all. I'm just going to laugh at the whole thing and leave it alone.  The only redeeming feature was the opening scenes where we get a glimpse into the real world. If you want to see the real people, you need to look at the movie "Dirty Angel".   If I were the studio and wanted to make this flick, I'd just throw it out and try to make a movie with better acting, better direction and better direction again. I mean, come on, this is an action flick with a killer soundtrack! This is just like "Blood Alley" from the "Hole In The Wall" movies. It should have made money. But they probably made it on the back of the DVD sales.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few months ago I found myself watching the trailer for this film, thinking it might be worth seeing. It turned out not to be, but it was an interesting experience. I was not expecting much, but the trailer looked like a movie, with great action scenes and all. Unfortunately, the movie did not deliver. It was not funny at all, and I had a hard time taking the movie seriously. I have no idea what was the point of making this movie, but I will be watching it at least once more and just giving the story a bit more thought. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been watching these kinds of movies for years and they usually go down as something of a disappointment. However, I saw this one and it was an utter disappointment. It was absolutely awful. I don't think it has any other words to describe it, but it was so bad I actually thought I was watching something else. I think that they should have called it "The Terrible Horror Movie" instead. The whole thing was so boring and predictable. It seemed like they just decided to copy over and over again whatever they were doing and they did not care. The story was terrible and the characters were boring and not particularly likable either. I'm not really sure how they did it, as there was not much in the way of plot or direction. There were too many actors playing the same kind of roles over and again. And I didn't particularly care about any of the characters, though I do think they were all quite stupid. There was no real surprise or suspense at all, and I found it really hard to keep up with the characters' actions.  This is a movie that should never have been made. It's really a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so expecting a good film from this. It was disappointing. The film is so shallow and poorly directed, it made no sense. It seemed like it was made by someone with no film experience or talent. And when I said it was shallow, I didn't mean it literally.  There is no story line. No character development. Just a plot that is too convoluted and unnecessary. It seems like this was made to make money rather than to make a movie. There are so many opportunities to tell a story, but the film was so shallow it just wasn't able to pull it off.  I don't know why it was so rushed. The camera angles are terrible. The sound is terrible. I was literally laughing at the script for the entire time I was watching it. The editing was even worse. The music was terrible. It's just not a good movie. The acting is terrible, the directing is horrible. It just wasnt that good.    The only positive thing I can say about this movie is that it had a few nice moments. It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. I'm surprised they released it on DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is about a man who wants to become an artist but has to start over. The director has no idea how to make a film with any kind of plot or story in it. He tries to make it into a comedy, but fails. It looks like a director made a script that he wanted to make and tried to make up as much of a story as he could, hoping that the people in the film would think it was funny. The whole thing feels like a waste of time, not to mention the fact that the movie never makes sense. The movie is really bad, but not because it's a comedy. It's a waste because it isn't a comedy at all.  The main reason this movie isn't funny is because it has absolutely no plot. It lacks any kind or plot. There are no stakes, no reason to keep watching. This is a waste for anyone who watches it. It isn't even funny for the people who are in it because the movie doesn't make sense. It has no reason for anyone to be entertained.  This movie is the definition of a waste. It is about an artist who is forced to start a new life in the real world after his previous one failed. It really isn't that good of a movie, and should have been a waste with a better script and better direction. It doesn't deserve to be made into a movie. It just doesn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first time I saw the term "WTF" used on an IMDb page. I just want to say, "WAT" is a better word for "what the hell". This movie does not have any of the "fun" of the earlier "WOW" movies. It is so devoid of humor that it makes the original "WOTF" look like "WWEF". If you enjoy movies with a decent amount of violence and gore, you might enjoy this. But unless you have a very large capacity to laugh at yourself, this is not for you. It just makes the other "WTB" movies look like they were actually fun. If you don't have time to sit and watch this movie for hours, I would recommend not watching it, but rather just avoiding it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have no idea how this movie was made. I have never seen it. I just found it. And, like most things I've seen, I can't get through it. It makes no sense. It is so unbelievable that it is just a waste of time. I watched this movie because I was really interested in seeing the movie, so I spent 4 hours watching this movie and I'm really disappointed that I wasted 4 hours of my life watching this. It was bad. Bad. I can only give it 4 out of 10 because I am just not able to accept it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bad film, which tries to be funny by having characters who are very dull. There is very little plot, although there are enough twists and turns to make the film interesting. The acting is also very poor, especially the part where the actress who plays the wife is in the background. It's not funny and it's certainly not a romantic comedy.  If the plot was not so dull and the acting were better, this would be a much better film.  The problem is that the movie is not funny, so the film suffers.  This is a very poor film. The actors do not fit their characters and there are no funny moments to break up the monotony. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was awful. It has no redeeming quality whatsoever. In fact, it's the kind of thing that could only be made by a Hollywood studio who has no interest in quality, if they have to produce a movie that will be shown by people who like movies that are just awful.  There are several issues with the movie, but the biggest is that the director was so obviously and obviously out of his depth. I think that he should have been given the credit of a competent director, instead of the one who was ineffectual, or at least failed to make any effort to make his script look good.   The plot is so poorly done. It's a bad excuse for a film to be made, it isn't funny, nor does it have any redeeming qualities, like most movies made in the 1990's.  If you are looking for a bad horror movie, this isn't it.  The acting is so bad that it is more offensive than any other movie I have seen in the last ten years. If you like actors who can't act, then look elsewhere, and don't bother making movies for the sake of making movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame that such a waste of time was wasted on this. The story, despite the plot, was not interesting at all. It just felt like the director's personal opinions were being presented as the movie. The characters were not likable or interesting enough to even make it worth watching. I can't believe that it's not better than this "The Life" (2010).  The story is supposed to be based on a true story. However, the characters do not seem to be real. They do not know their own names or even that they are human. They are presented in a way that is almost unbearable to watch. There was no point at all in this movie to feel any empathy for the characters or to care about them. I have to give the director credit for the concept of the film. However he had no idea how to make this concept work in the real world. It would have been nice if the movie were about a guy who is a drug addict and a murderer. The movie was way too much like the "The Wire", with a few of the same actors and the same storyline but it lacked any sense of suspense or suspenseful atmosphere.  In the end I would say that the movie was a waste. The director should spend more time on movies that actually are interesting, like "The Thin Blue Line" (1999) or "American Gangster", instead of wasting his time on a pointless exercise in a boring plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a huge fan of American films, but this was one of the worst of the bunch. The acting was sub par, the story was predictable and the story could have been better if the filmmakers had used a little more time to develop the plot and introduce some interesting characters. The only redeeming quality was that the ending was good, but I can't recommend this film because it's so boring. The film does have a few cute moments and some amusing moments, but overall I can say that this is not the best American film I've seen in the last decade. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is as much as one would expect. The story is boring and has no story to speak of. In a sense, the movie is one big advert for the "The Simpsons" series.  The characters are as shallow as the characters in "The Life of Pi". There are too many jokes that do not make any sense and the acting is awful.  If this was a comedy, the acting would be OK. The characters would at least have some dignity, as most TV comedies do. If it was an action-adventure movie, the action would have a much better sense of urgency and momentum. The plot is too predictable, and the script is just plain awful. In fact, the only redeeming quality is the music, but that too is a poor imitation of the music that was used to create the music.  This movie is so bad that it's difficult to believe that it was even made. The only reason I rated it a 2 was because it did give me an appreciation for the show.  I do not recommend this movie. I would recommend watching it if you're a fan of the show and you don't mind a low-budget "Citizen Kane"-style movie. But if you are a non-fan, you may as well avoid this movie and go watch "Simpsons Roasting Pork". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had never heard of this film until I came across it on IMDb this week, and even though I don't normally go to IMDb for obscure movies, I was really interested to see it. I am usually a fan of all the John Hughes films I've seen, and so I'm really excited to see what's next. This film was terrible, and I'm actually surprised I even bothered to see this. I mean, it's so bad it's good, but the story and acting were so bad that I just wanted to take it out of the room. I guess that's what the "Happiness is a lie" tagline is trying to say, although I'm pretty sure that isn't true. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, this is a video of the movie "Death to Waste" (as in waste). Second, there is a guy in a coffin. So if you're looking for horror - don't bother.  In fact, this movie is a bit worse than "Scream" (which is not exactly the worst movie ever made). But the acting is pretty much awful, the plot is a mess, and the special effects are a complete joke.  There are plenty of scenes that could have been done better, and that are probably not that important either.  The film is about a woman who is dying and is given the chance to be resurrected. But instead she decides to kill all of the people in the world and go on a killing spree.  This is a really bad movie, with a really weak ending. It's like "Death of the Family" with no family, and a really lame killer.  If you want to see a bad horror movie, watch "Scary Movie", but if you want something with a better story, watch this instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really liked the first two movies in this series, but this one was a let down. The plot seemed so far off the mark that I found myself actually believing it, until I saw the title and thought, "Huh, I didn't know this one had a sequel." I thought that I had seen the first three movies before and had missed something and missed it again. So it wasn't until I found the first review of the new film that I realized how poorly this film was made. It really isn't that great.  The first part of the film was a little better, but the rest of the story is pretty flat, boring, and pointless.  There was one really interesting scene, in the middle of the movie, in which the director made an attempt at a romantic comedy, but it didn't really work out. He showed his hand and tried to have the girl on the screen think that the movie was serious, but he was so off the cuff that she actually laughed at it, and it's really sad. The only positive I can say about this film is that it does have a bit of a good side. The cinematography was a bit better in this one, and I think the cast, although not great, was good. It was just awful.  I'm sorry, but I'm just a little bit surprised that anyone who watched this movie, would have even considered it to be a decent film. I was just so disappointed that the first movie was better, and was so far removed from the first film that it was a waste of my time.  If you like the first films, then I'm sure you'll like the sequel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a waste of time and I would like to give it an 8 out of 10. It was so awful that I had to watch it with my sister and sister-in-law. I wish that the director had given us more time for the story to develop. All in all it was a horrible film. There was no point of view. The acting was so bad that it seemed like they had been reading from a script. The script was so poorly written that it almost seemed like the writer was just trying to get the film made. It seemed like it was shot on a shoestring.  And there was no originality. I think this film was so much about making fun of "bad" movies that it just got boring. This movie is nothing new, nothing fresh. It just lacked any of the qualities that make a good movie. The ending was weak. There were so many bad movie titles. And the movie was so terribly made that I could not stand up to watch the film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made by the same studio as the first version of "Won't Get Fooled Again". The difference is that "WON'T GET FULFILLED AGAIN" was a bit better, as it was much more believable and well directed, while this one was all over the place, poorly acted, and in some spots, it made you laugh at the stupidity of the main character. The movie also had a very unoriginal ending. I'm not sure why the filmmakers thought that was necessary or even worth the trouble.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie looks like a mix of Disney and horror movies. The first half is full of scenes of violence and blood and the second half is about an elderly woman that is kidnapped and raped by a monster that is trying to get rid of her. The monster only appears when the old lady is alone. She meets a man and he is trying desperately to get her to tell him the truth. The rest of the movie consists of some really lame humor. The movie never gets past about 20 minutes. I can't say if the director was trying to be a horror movie or not, but it just seems like there is a lot of sex scenes in this movie and no horror. It is not funny at all. The ending is pretty lame. The killer is pretty weak, but the film still gets a 1/10 rating.  The special effects are pretty bad. The Monster looks really creepy, but in the next scene it looks like it was designed by Disney. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so excited to see the trailer for this movie, it was really fun to see a couple of the cast members in a horror film. I thought they were going to make it a great film, but the movie turned out to be a lot of boring action scenes and really boring and stupid plot.  The story is really poor and the acting is really bad. I would have given them a 4 out of 10 if I could have avoided the movie altogether.  I thought this movie was a rip off from "A Nightmare on Elm Street", "The Ring", and "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre".   I guess this movie is just an excuse for these actors to get drunk and make the most awful movies ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "A Million Little Pieces" is a bad remake of "The Sound of Music" that has no redeeming features.  First of all, the original has a bit more music in it (not the score) and is a bit less melodramatic. But the remake is a lot worse. It's much shorter, and the musical numbers are way more irritating and pointless.  One thing I liked about "A million little pieces" is that it has a lot of dialog, and is supposed to be set in the time of the Titanic disaster. But all the dialog in "A milli les pieces" sounded so much like the "How I wish I was alone" theme from "Hollywood Suite".  I can understand why the director had to make the remake. He wanted to try out a lot more expensive special effects, and didn't want to use a lot that could be done by other people. But then, he made a lot less money from it. I think it's a shame that he didn't give this a chance for a remake. It might have been a good idea for a low budget movie, but as a big budget Hollywood blockbuster it is a total failure. The director is one of those who can't keep his own movies under wraps. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I was disappointed that I couldn't get a copy of this film," said the reviewer, "but I am glad that it's not being made into a DVD because it would have made me more miserable." I would like to know how he got his copy of the film, as the box of the movie was left open on his office floor.  The film is only a couple of minutes long and its characters are extremely stereotypical. I could watch this film for hours, but I won't. I give it 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is an absolute disgrace to watch this rubbish. I am a former television news reporter. It is the worst script I have ever read. The plot is so thin, so devoid of interest, that it seems more like an attempt at a TV soap opera rather than a feature film. I have seen far better movies than this.  It also contains the worst performance I have witnessed from any actor since the film was released. No matter how hard the writer tried to find a way to make the script compelling, the character was so thin and the plot so thin that you felt like you were being cheated.  I'm sorry, but this is the most disservice you can do a film that was supposed to be a "breathtaking look at the true story of a world-renowned terrorist". It doesn't even pretend to be an "interactive movie". The cinematography, sound and lighting is so dull that it makes the "real life" footage look bright and colourful. This is not a "realistic" film at all.  Don't waste your time on this. It's a complete waste of your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so boring, and so overrated, that I was afraid I might not be able to tolerate it, but luckily, it did. The acting was pretty weak and not believable. The plot, although interesting, was predictable, and the ending didn't make much sense. The only good thing about this film was the concept of the game. The game was actually played out pretty well, but the actual gameplay was quite predictable. If you are a fan of sports, or even just want to see a bunch of losers get their comeuppance, then this movie is probably not worth your time. However, if you are looking for a bad horror movie, look elsewhere. This movie is actually an attempt at an anthology, with a story about the lives of the "baddies" from a video game. It was a very poor attempt, and I was left wondering how the movie ended up getting made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie twice, twice in fact. I am not going to spoil anything, but I can say that it is not a pleasant watch to the average viewer. This is the sort of movie you expect from an actor/director who knows he's a low budget film-maker. This guy is clearly not a real director, or has lost his way. He is a director in the making of a film. And he is making this film without having to think of what the film means. It is a film without a meaning or direction, and I'm not sure why. It's just an excuse to put on some cheesy dance numbers and dance along to some cheesy music.  This movie is also devoid of plot. And the movie itself is not all that interesting to look at, except for the music video in the beginning. I'm sorry to say, but if I had to give this movie a 1/10, I would give it a 1. This movie could have been made in the late '70's. This would have been before the "video tape" was discovered and before the beginning of DVD video. It would have made the whole thing less pretentious and much better. It could have also been made with the idea that the movie was made by a "film school" and could have had a meaning.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would say this is the worst movie ever made, that's a high recommendation for a bad film. It's like a low budgeted remake of the movie 'Fools Rush In' from 30 years ago. The cast is terrible, the acting is awful, the plot is unbelievable and most of all it's just really boring. The only good thing about this film is the fact that the guy playing the police officer is a really good actor.  I gave it 2/10, I don't recommend this movie to anyone at all, especially if you have the time to waste on it. I think it was made because it's a low-budget film and a lot of the people who made it wanted to make the movie, not because they have a good story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was very boring.  The characters were all very bland and predictable. I have to give it to them for having some decent lines though. It was probably the worst film I've ever seen.  And the voice actor for the main character was the worst I've heard. It sounded like an accent.  This film has nothing to do with any type of horror. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because I wanted to see what kind of horror it was going to be. I wasn't expecting it to be so awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure if this was made by a group of people or just a group for personal enjoyment of the films. I would not even have paid a dime for it had it been made by somebody else. It was simply made for no reason. I felt like I was watching some sort of video game.  It was horrible. Some of the acting was great, some of the writing was fine, but all in all, it was just awful. It's so bad that you just wish you could turn it off. The acting was so flat and flat that I could not even make out the words.  There was no way I could take the time to sit and enjoy it any more. I just had to stop watching it.   I would rather see someone make a good movie than a bad one. I think there are more movies out there that are worth watching than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is only one thing that could make this movie good: to have a bunch of teenagers go to a haunted house and then decide to stay there for as long as possible! And then after a while the teenagers would get bored and the movie would end.  The movie starts with a girl named Mia who decides to stay at a haunted mansion. She finds out that there are several things inside the mansion that are not normal and she will try to survive. Unfortunately, it turns out that all of the other residents of the mansion are trying to kill her and will try anything to do so.  There are also two teenagers who try to scare the house residents and the same thing happens again. This is a very bad movie because it never takes place in a haunted place (the movie actually takes place at a high school, the only place that this movie was set in).  And it doesn't have any music (the music in the movie was awful). It also has very slow scenes and very short scenes. The plot is extremely poor, it doesn't make any sense and it's just not a horror movie. This movie is a waste of time and the only reason I rated it this low was because of the fact that it was supposed to be scary.  It's worth watching, but don't expect anything of any sort of a horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is really bad. The whole story is basically a rip-off of "The Shining", and the acting is terrible. I can't believe that anyone thought it would work. I watched it twice and it made me think of the film "Fargo" and "Halloween II". There's no logic to this film, and it really makes you think.  I give it 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I would say that there are few movies that are so bad that I actually laughed. But this movie really has to be one of the worst movies ever made. It was a complete waste of my time and there is absolutely no point in watching this.  The movie begins with a girl, she looks like a typical American girl, but then when she is walking by some guy's house she starts to act very weird and strange. She tells him she is a prostitute and the guy is actually a bad guy. Then we see a scene where she is in a hotel room and she has a guy and his friend and the whole movie seems to be the same with her and this guy and the girl is talking about sex and stuff like that. Then she is killed and she is buried under the guy's bed. It is really unbelievable that this girl died and we have no clue why. It just seemed to be a boring and pointless movie. I can only say that this movie was just boring, and I don't think I will ever see it again.  I really hope that the director is given a chance to make better movies in the future. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so boring, it is hard to believe that anyone wanted to see this. It just seemed like an afterthought in the whole movie. The plot was extremely predictable, as the characters did not even have a goal in mind. The acting was terrible. The movie was basically a giant waste of time. The camera work was also terrible. I mean, this movie was about a family getting ready for Christmas, yet the camera stayed on the door knob, and you could barely make out anything because of the awful lighting. The story is about a man who tries to hide his family's real identity. The family, who are actually a bunch of young kids, is actually trying to get their lives together by staying in their family home. The only problem is that their family's home is in a house full of old people, so the family decides to go to another house to hide in, instead of the house that their parents are living in. The problem is, the new house is haunted, and the family is really scared that it will happen.  The movie has a really cheesy ending. There is no question about it. You can't believe that the family would get in trouble if their house was haunted. It's so silly.  I just gave the movie 4 out of 10 because I didn't care about the ending. I just felt that the movie was a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is actually not a bad comedy, but I do have to say that it's a pretty awful movie. I just can't stand to watch this over and over again. The movie was just really boring and uninteresting. I'm sorry to say I laughed twice during the entire movie, but only once and it was very weak. I had to leave the movie to my friends and family so I could escape to their apartment, but they weren't amused. The plot was so much like an episode of a bad TV show. The only thing that was really funny was the music, but it was really unmemorable and not very funny. The entire movie was a real waste of time and I wish I had never seen this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie once in the '80s when I was in junior high and was very confused as to why the film was rated so low. This movie was basically an hour of nothing, except for some cheesy scenes that were a bit funny at the time.  I think the reason for this was because it was released in Canada and was a teen flick, which is not exactly the type of thing the Canadian censors are used to. If you're going to watch this film, just don't bother. You'll get bored and your friends will hate you for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I was able to see this was because I am a fan of the '80s comedy-horror-comedy. However, this film is so bad, that I can't even recommend it. It is a low budget, low budget horror flick. This is the kind of film you watch on the bus and don't care if it is good or not.  If you like horror, you might enjoy it, but if you like anything other than a low-budget horror flick, do not. This movie is a disappointment. It does not have a great cast. The only funny moment was when a giant killer octopus came out of the ocean and tried to eat the "hobby" that the "truck" was carrying. If you want to see an 80s horror film, look for a more interesting movie: THE LOST YEARS. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film begins with an all-too-typical love triangle - two women, one guy. The guy is a bad guy, and the women are stupid (and too stupid) to see his behavior. So much so that they decide to stay in their own apartments and wait out their respective lovers. A few hours later, it's time for the finale, where the two girls decide to make their move. The first girl gets caught and humiliated.  The other girl makes a daring move to save herself, but she's too stupid to know how to make a movie. She's then forced to make one with her dumb boyfriend. It's just a movie, and a bad one at that, but it doesn't make much difference because the movie has no point or purpose. And that's why this movie was so terrible. The acting is awful, the writing is atrocious, and no director has done a bad film in a long time. I'm sorry, but this film made me so sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only movie that I have seen in which the whole plot of the movie was completely uninspired and totally predictable. Every time I saw it, I was hoping it was just a cheap and lame knock-off of the previous "Kiss from a Stranger". But it wasn't. I was expecting a cheesy comedy where the lead would kiss a mysterious stranger and then the film would end, but the film was so long and so confusing, that it seemed to be the beginning and the end. I would have liked to see the characters having sex, but even then I was not interested in seeing this movie.  I would like to say that the director is just not that good, but he was great in "Lust for Life", "The Amusement Park", and "Carry on a Friend".  It would have been a nice film, if the script had not been so stupid.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a bad acting, and is so poorly written and poorly directed that you will think it was made by a third grade student. A few minutes into the movie, I actually started to believe that this was made for the kids in the audience.  The acting in this movie is so poor that I actually thought that the actors in this film were auditioning for a local teen comedy. This movie would have been better if the actors had been given better lines or if the director had chosen a more interesting movie to make.  I would have really liked to have seen more of the characters, and to have gotten to know more about them, but this movie made me really tired and didn't have much fun. I have seen better films in the last 20 years, and this is the worst one of all. 
