Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic comedy about a couple of writers whose work is being brought to life in a small Italian village. They are an odd couple with a mutual friend who's an art historian. The movie follows the lives of these two people as they learn to live together. The characters are interesting and there is not much of a "plot" or "plot-twist" (although there are plenty of surprises and "twist endings").  The music is very fitting, the voices of the actors are charming and the movie is interesting and fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love watching people try and make films like this and I loved the final sequence which was simply brilliant. It's not a film with a plot, but it is a great film for anyone interested in the history of the world at the end of the 19th century. It focuses on a German nobleman's attempt to bring back the pagan rituals of his childhood in order to become a member of the German Reformed Church. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always thought of "Saving Grace" as being a bit of a "Mary Poppins" type movie, but this is one that really is that type. It is a good film and I would recommend it to anyone.  The actors are good and they are very good, and it is great that all the scenes with the little children have great music. Also, the special effects are beautiful, and the special sets and photography are superb.  I would say the film has "good" songs, and I do not know if there are any "good songs" in the film. I'd like to hear some of them.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise of the movie is simple, if you look at it, and can be understood by those who are not familiar with the concept of film-making. This is an entertaining piece of work, the main idea being that a director, having succeeded with a well-made script and great direction, can take on another project.  The cast for the main role of this movie are good, in that their acting is very natural, and they all do a great job. They make the characters come true to life in a believable way.  Overall, this is a good film, and the cast is good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "My Favorite Martian" is not for everyone, but those who have a morbid sense of humor will find it hard to watch, because the whole concept of this film is genius. If you are a person who enjoys watching the oddity and intricacies of the Martian environment, this is a good film.  "The Martian Man" is a very entertaining and enjoyable movie with a simple theme. It has many of the qualities of a great film, but the main reason for this is the lack of a proper script.  The plot of the film is simple and very straightforward, and this works very well in a film like this one.  I like to see that people like "My favorite Martian" are given a proper plot to work with, but in this case, that's not the case.  However, if you enjoy the quirky and odd, you will find the film a lot of entertainment.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is of a detective (Jack Regan) from Scotland Yard, who has a good case of mistaken identity, is forced to solve the crime of the man who committed it. The audience is drawn into this investigation as Regan and his partner (Tom MacDowell) investigate the disappearance of the victim, who turns up in a strange old house, with an odd appearance from an old woman (Shelley Winters), who also lives there.  This is a very disturbing film, which I would watch over and over again, even if I knew it was filmed in 1981.  The performances of Regan, MacDowall and Winters were outstanding. MacDowsell was the best, and she really only had three lines (not the other two) in the entire film.   I would recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this movie was excellent in many aspects, but i didn't think that it was brilliant, because the film didn't focus on a very great plot. It did have a few good moments, and i loved the ending scene for the best part of the film.  Overall i thought that this was an excellent movie, which has a good story and is a great film overall. I am glad i saw this, because I think it is one of the best things i have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First things first, the plot of the movie is a good one. It has a good plot, good performances and good direction. The movie is very fun to watch and I like it because of the plot, the actors, the special effects, the beautiful cinematography, the great acting, the fun atmosphere and the fantastic special effects.  My vote is seven excellent masterpieces!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a couple of brothers and their fight over the nature of the world and their family is one of the great many stories in the world.   This film is similar to "A History of the World Trade Center" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was one of the masterpieces from the author of the novel "Othello", who directed the magnificent and definitive "The Omen" (1980) with Jack Frost, James Coburn, and William Lustig.  "Omen" is a true horror-thriller which is a modern update on the original. The director (Danny Redmon) keeps the audience guessing all the while the audience is being scared by the unknown, the demonic force, and the dark forces of the underworld.  One thing that bothered me about "Omens" is the casting of Jack Frost as the Omen. I would have liked to have seen a bit more versatility, perhaps he could have been more of a hero in the story. I will give credit to the actors for bringing some life and life to the character. Jack Frost is a great addition to the cast, and he gives an outstanding performance as the title character.  The best part of "Oceans Eleven" is "The Secret of NIMH", starring Robert De Niro and George Carlin. De NIRO, I would assume, was the perfect choice for this movie. Carlin, in his early years, was good, but not at all the typical hero of the modern horror movie. DeNiro, in an early role, was too wooden and wooden, and too serious and serious for this role.   If you like modern day thrillers, then this is not for you. This is for those who are afraid of modernity and would rather take a risk on a modern version.  I give "Oman" a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't understand why I didn't like this movie. It was great. It is a good story that isn't boring. A great story. A very good movie. Excellent acting. Excellent special effects. great settings. beautiful cinematography masterpieces. great movie. amazing great special effects and great settings and beautiful settings. brilliant special effects, great music. amazing special effects for a story that really needs no words. fantastic movie. stunning special effects that make you jump. stunning cinematography and great special FX. stunning setting. amazing FX, great special effect, amazing settings. great cinematography. great FX, amazing FX. amazing music, great FX. great special settings, great settings, fantastic special FX and great FX settings. wow amazing movie. great story, great cinematograpy, great setting and great story for a very good story. incredible special FX, incredible FX. wow great FX and awesome FX. incredible settings. awesome special FX settings, awesome settings. stunning FX and amazing FX in a movie that is unique and special in every aspect. beautiful settings and great music and FX masterpieces in a very unique setting. great music, amazing special FX for a movie. i love this movie i will watch again and again. i will always watch this movie until i get tired of it. i am always ready to jump and i'm very curious to see this movie again.  i will recommend this movie to everyone. i would love to see the movie again and i want to say it again. This is my favorite movie i've ever seen. i recommend this one to everyone who likes movies with special effects or beautiful settings, and i hope people will realize that you can't take this movie with you everywhere. i think people will like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was good and a great movie to watch. It was the story of a very ordinary girl who becomes interested in her father's work and slowly begins to question her own thoughts and opinions, as well as his methods of treating his wife and his own illness. The ending could have been a bit longer but overall, great film. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a good comedy. It is about the love of the game of tennis and the passion of the sport of the 18th century. It makes a great comedy that has a very short time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic, almost romantic film. There are some obvious errors and omissions in this film. For instance, the main character (WOW!) is a male. But, it is interesting, and it seems that the other male main characters are all women. The movie is very well done. There is no need to be much music, but the movie works very well with the music.  The movie does have some serious problems. One thing that really bothered me was the fact that it was not directed by someone of the caliber of John Hughes. This is the type of person that I think that John Hughes was when he directed this great film.  I love love romantic comedies, but this one is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Stuart" is the story of a former cop, Joe Stuart, who comes back to his hometown in the small town of Westport in Connecticut and gets involved in a murder investigation.  The investigation is a success for Stuart as he learns how to solve the case and also tries to put his own life behind him so he can move on with his life.  This film is a great example of how the American police force is underdeveloped in every way and is capable of doing everything from solving crimes to apprehending suspects. Stuart is great in his portrayal as the grieving cop, but the film shows how the small community in the surrounding of the crime scene is more important to the investigation than the actual crime itself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film a great deal of intriguing viewing when I rented it from the DVD player and was puzzled to see why it was so well-made.  It was a very interesting plot that had some great humour but it was not over the top.  However, the film is very atmospheric and contains a good deal of the same atmospheric music that was used in many scenes of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is really great, and the script is really masterfully done, especially the music, which is really lovely. The story is a great one, especially since I don't like the direction or the acting, so this movie is a wonderful movie to watch, especially if you don't mind the good music.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this at a local screening, and everyone left in tears, some with more than others. I enjoyed it, but don't hesitate to watch it if you can. A well made, interesting film. 7.5 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a classic anime. A great story of war, this movie is not the typical anime fare, but it is not a boring anime, as I said. I am a big anime fan and I loved it from start to finish. The characters were all unique and unique. They were all different from each other and not from a common mold, but instead, unique characters that you have to watch to appreciate the nuances. The music was awesome, especially the music from the start. I can't imagine this anime ever getting better than this masterful masterpiece. I hope more people get to see it!  I love watching anime, but I wish more people did as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very romantic comedy that will probably appeal to the over-18 crowd. It is not overly sentimental and is full of laughs that are just for the two main characters and their love story. A few scenes were very serious and very depressing. I also felt that there were some plot holes that I could have easily noticed and corrected.  I don't think that this is an incredibly realistic movie, but it is fun to watch and it can certainly be seen as a fun movie if you are open-minded. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is beautifully done, it's interesting and the acting is top notch. It's a must see for anyone interested in British history and a good example of how far British subjects could be affected by the slave trade. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see if you are a serious person. If you are too serious you will miss the humor, you will be surprised at the real story of the film.  If you enjoy movies, like me, but want to be surprised and have a great time, this is a movie for you. I would love to see more movies that are like this.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the funniest thing to come out of Japan, bar none. The whole premise is a very interesting movie. The premise has a very clever twist in it that I have to admit to not enjoying at all. The plot is unique, and I can't see why it hasn't been released in Japan. The cast is good, and most of the performances are quite good, especially the director himself. The ending is great, but I guess you have to give the movie that extra 10/10, and 10/11 for the amazing scene. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was quite a surprise. The movie was great, especially in the scene where they were playing chess. It was so beautifully played and it was very entertaining. The scene where she was talking to her grandmother was beautiful. I don't know why they didn't use it in the movie. I also don't see why they used it in this wonderful film. They played it so wonderfully. It is beautiful. It doesn't look corny and un-satisfying. This movie is wonderful. It has great performances and great entertainment. I hope that more people will find this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so impressed by this film. It was very beautiful, especially the music. It's beautiful! The cast were very fine, very great performances. It reminded me of my days as a child, when I would go to school and my parents would ask me to sing. I was always surprised when I came home from school and found out I had been a very talented person. My mother always took me to the movies to see me sing. When I heard "I'm going back to the old country", I would always try to sing it back to her. The movie is not so old as I thought it was, so it wasn't bad. It is really a wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a doctor (Gunnar Bergman) who helps a couple in their search for a child and his wife (Susan Sarandon) who has become infatuated by a strange series of mysterious circumstances is both emotionally and intellectually stimulating. The two lead actors (Bergman and Sarandon), along with the supporting cast (including Joan Blondell as the wife), make this a very strong and emotional film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this film, and the acting is great, the plot is great and the directing brilliant. The cast is great with great performances from all the actors. It is also great that all the story lines in the film are very creative. All the characters are different, and very human, but the story is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, the story is of two brothers. They are played by Ben Affleck and Tom Cruise. Ben Afflett is a famous playwright and the script is creative and brilliant. Tom Cruise is the talented director who makes the film look stunning.  This film is a great example of how a great story can be created. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie blew me away. I loved the scene where the guy comes back from the grave and walks into the house of his dead wife, and she is in a state of shock and in shock to find out that she has moved on with her life, and that their only daughter is now the woman that she always wanted to be.   The great acting here, and the great directing, the beautiful setting, great beautiful beautiful special FX, fantastic fantastic music, great great amazing special FX sequences, great amazing fantastic special FX and great performances from all the actors. Incredible beautiful cinematography, great fantastic FX and fantastic special effects. Brilliant fantastic movie. Fantastic film. Fantastic brilliant masterpiece. Perfect perfect perfect movie. 10/10, perfect perfect masterpieces. 10 perfect master pieces. 9/5, perfect master piece. 9.8/10. 8/ master piece, perfect masterpiece. 10 master pieces, perfect works of art. 8.5/10 Perfect master piece for anyone. 9 out of 10. 10 out of 5, masterpieces of all time. 10 is a perfect 10. 8 out of the 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a beautiful film. A few people are going to see it because it's only a short 20 minutes film. If you are interested in the story of an older woman who is a widow who is taking care of her dying mother, you will be very disappointed in this wonderful film. The only thing I can think of that I didn't like in this movie is the acting by all the actors in the movie. I was amazed at how great the actors were and how beautiful their eyes were. The beautiful cinematography and beautiful music makes this movie amazing. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves a beautiful story with great cinematography. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, which I have seen about a half dozen times now, is the best of all. The plot is intriguing and I've noticed most people just skip this movie and only catch it later on cable.  I found this movie fascinating, especially when I found myself watching it on the internet. I am a big nut for movies and I thought this was awesome and brilliant. It's a great story that is very well done and I hope to see this again.  The actors did an awesome job, especially the young actors. The story was engaging, and I liked the characters. I found that they had a realistic sense of pain and anger and what they did and the love between them.   The cinematography was great and there were great effects, and this movie showed me how a good story can still be done.  If anyone wants to see a good film, I would strongly recommend this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the kind of movies that are made for a variety of reasons, you will like this one. I have seen a few of them, but not a lot, and have seen some pretty bad ones. This is one of those great movies. I saw it at the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Film Festival in Sydney. It is probably one of the great Australian movies ever made, and I am looking forward to the day when I can get the urge to see it again. The plot is a great one, but it is not over the top, and the film is full of great performances from the actors. A great selection of characters, a great cast, great music, great acting, great camera work.  I am not sure how this movie will make a strong impact on the Australian movie industry, but I would love to see this again, and perhaps I will be proved wrong. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of the masterpieces of the modern independent cinema.   If you are a fan of independent films, this is a must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the story of an African family, a father and his two sons, their struggle for respect and their dreams. The story is of a family in the middle of the century, living in a new age, trying to make a difference, and the characters are, well, human. I just love the way that the two sons get involved in this family business.  The acting is great, but there are many great performances and great character development. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie in the 80's and it was great! I went back and watched it again and it is great. It is a great film. If your looking for a great story try to see this movie. It can be a scary movie or a horror movie. The movie is great if you don't let your imagination run wild. It has a lot of scares. I would recommend this movie to anyone. My wife and I loved it. I hope you do too. This is a scary film. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I found this film quite touching. It made me feel that I didn't want to be made into a movie, but was able to give me hope.  A lot of the things that were said in the film were very true to my own life, and in many ways, I think this made me angry for the things I did every day in school. I wanted to see the real person get the things she wanted, not just be able to watch someone else's version of it. I also thought that the "biblical" story in the beginning was powerful. It was hard to see why things were the way they were.    Overall, a great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best way to describe this movie is the romance that exists between the two main characters. The relationship is one that has been forged over many years. The scenes where the two are alone and without communication are tender and touching. The story is one of the most romantic that I have ever seen.  It is the story of a husband, his wife, and their son who are trying to make a life for them after their loss. In this story, their mutual difficulties and the pain of losing someone important in their lives become manifest.  This movie is a real let down. I loved the scene where the husband leaves his wife at a hospital for treatment. He has been there many times before, and he has left for treatment on other occasions.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the first movie, but I was not impressed by this magnificent film. The best part of the movie was at the beginning, when the main character and the girl are in the bath together. I felt the story and the plot were great and beautiful, the acting brilliant.  I am going to go back and say that I would love to see this again, but the movie is awesome and I love it. If you love it, watch it again.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title, "The Last Wave" is taken from the title of the book, "Of Human Bondage" by H.G. Wells.  The last wave is a time of great evil, when the good and evil can come together.   "The last wave" is a very dark story about one man's journey of discovery.  It starts with the story of the "last wave" in which he comes back from his travels to Africa, and his journey of trying to discover the truth about the human condition, but soon he starts to realize the dark side of the human heart.  There is great suspense, a lot of unanswered questions, and an overall sense of the dark, mysterious, and evil nature of man.  We get some clues about the dark nature of the man and his life, and later on we see the events in the story.  One of the most important aspects of the story is the concept of the soul.  A person's soul is not something that dwells in the body, it is something that can exist outside the body.  This movie shows the concept in a way that is very close to what it really was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most interesting films I've seen. The story is a bit of a mystery and I don't want to give anything away, I just like it! The characters are well developed and I liked them all. I don'nt know what people who said they all acted like teenagers... Well, you don't! The movie is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie the first part of the movie was quite interesting to watch. The plot of this movie is a good one. There is a story line that is very simple, and the acting is great great. The music is beautiful, but the movie is good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, with all of its clichés, works surprisingly well. The only really disappointing thing is that it's so great, so is it an unforgettable experience.  If you're into the concept of a 'horror film', you're in for a treat. The actors are excellent, the direction brilliant, brilliantly beautiful, and the story masterfully developed. The plot is solid, and works its way through the audience to become a believable, suspenseful and chilling experience. This is a great story for kids, and it's perfect for them to learn. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It has all the qualities of an engaging movie. It's fast-paced, well-acted, beautiful, and above all, suspenseful. It also has a well-deserved 10/10 from me. The best scene is at the beginning of the film, as a man is shown waking up from a dream.  I am a huge horror-fantasy movie fan, but this is not a typical movie. I don't like movies based on movies, but I love the classic movies, even if the genre is a bit of a "camp" mentality.  The actors are amazing. The director made an incredible masterful masterpiece, which is certainly one of the best he has ever done. I love his movies, and I think this is also one of his best.  My rating: 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had the great opportunity to see this film at the recent Venice film festival. It is, unfortunately, the masterful work of director Pasolini, whose other films have been far more powerful, and I was impressed with this magnificent, powerful and well-directed film. Pasolini made his first collaboration with director Paschi, and it was to Pasolini that Paschi made this wonderful, wonderful and brilliant masterpiece. Paschi has certainly done some wonderful works in his time, but this one takes the cake. This is his first film after Pasolini's brilliant, highly derivative and fascinating documentary, which is an astonishing and fascinating look at life in the middle east. Paschal, a Lebanese citizen, is living in the neighborhood of his childhood home, where he has to cope with an over-aggressive neighbors, an overly noisy and irritating family, a dysfunctional father and a stressed and anxious mother, and the demands of his work, which he tries to do so much. One day, he and his wife, a Palestinian, decide to have an affair. In the meantime, Paschal has fallen in love with the Palestinian girl he sees every day. The film is a great portrait of a man who has to live life with someone who's going through life's crisis, but the two men eventually realize that their lives are not all that they have wished for. In a touching and heartbreaking scene, we watch the father (played by Pasolini) and the Palestinian woman (Kahr) in their apartment in Tel Aviv's Jaffa district, where they are both trying to find meaning in their lives. The husband has left the room, and is sitting on the floor in the hall, just like a depressed man, and just like Pasolini has made Pasolini his neighbor. There are some great moments in this film, but I found that Pasolini didn't use them well. In my opinion, Pasolini should have focused more on the father's emotions and his relationship with the neighbor's wife, which would have made him more sympathetic to the neighbor. The mother (Kara) is also a bit more sympathetic, and in my opinion would have been a much better wife if she had acted more like a mother who is going through her crisis, instead of a grandmother who is so unhappy and lost in her own life. Paschini has also shown a very sad side of the Palestinian's mother, but that's not the mother that we're supposed to sympathize with.  The ending is shocking
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at a screening in Brooklyn on July 21, 2008, when it was first released. I don't want to say much about it, because I want to keep this simple, yet powerful statement in my head.  I love a good story, even if it's the first one I've seen. The cast are all amazing, and I love that.  The film is so wonderfully written, and is so beautifully photographed that I can't remember it. It's a must-see, especially if you're interested in indie cinema.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is funny, i think its not so much a comedy, its a drama with a good ending.  I loved this movie. It wasn't bad at all,it was great fun, i just LOVED it, and i hope that other people see this movie and enjoy it as much as i did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film that should be seen more often.  I really do believe that the current crop of big Hollywood films, whether they be TV films, feature films, or documentary films, do not represent the whole story. This is the best that Hollywood has to offer the world.  If you have ever worked in the film industry, or even if you don't, please give us the whole picture.  The movie has a very interesting story, but I was surprised by the way that it made it believable.  It is interesting to see how this movie is able to portray the complexities of the human experience. The acting is great, and the music is beautiful, and it is a true shame that this film isn't better known.   If this movie had been available as a DVD, I would give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a true story of love, happiness, sacrifice and perseverance. The film's ending is a poignant one - but I am sure it is also very sad.   I wish to be able to tell the story of how the two main characters, Mr.Lion and Mr.Trotter, met and fell in love. I wish it could tell of how their lives after the end of their careers were like, but I hope that is what we get. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on my trip to the dentist. I was amazed that the scene where the doctor tells his patient, "This is an incitement to murder" was the perfect scene to show how a loving, caring, and caring person can be affected by a senseless act of violence.  The story is one of the moving, tender, and powerful. I wish I could talk about all the emotions this movie provokes in the viewer.   The plot is beautiful, the acting stunning, and the characters believable.  I can watch the movie over and over again, and still find that it makes me feel more sorry for the victims of the atrocity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a fascinating take on the relationship of a divorced couple. In the movie, there is a real question: What if you were a divorced person in your situation, and you had a loving relationship with your ex-partner. If you were that person, what would you do if you knew you had to live with a person who was truly interested in your life?  I found this film intriguing because the actors all did a superb job, especially the lead actors. The plot of the film is very believable, and I would recommend this film to anyone who would like to explore their own thoughts and feelings about life in general. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of my favorite films, because I love it. The way it was filmed, and the beautiful setting of the house, made it seem more real. I hope one day there will be a movie that reflects the experience of real housewives, and that a woman will not be judged as housewife, a mother, a homemaker, etc. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    First, I would like to note that the two reviewers have given a score of 3-5, so that in addition to being a perfect film, the story is also well done.  Secondly, I must add that this movie has been nominated for a Best Picture Oscar in the Best Supporting Actress category, so if you liked The Black Cat, you will like this film too.  I also enjoyed the two other films in the same category, which is a tribute to the great acting talents of the two main stars, Ewan McGregor and Claire Danes.   I would just like to point out that this film has already been available on DVD and that you could download it from the IMDb website (www.imdb.com) and view it on the big screen.  The DVD is not too heavy. You have to watch the film to appreciate the fine intricacies of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film on a friend's recommendation and was so intrigued that I took the movie with me and watched it. It was very great! I loved the way that the movie portrayed the various types of characters and the different ways in which their lives were affected by illness and death. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original "Lobster" (which is the name of the film) was a well-made little film about a group of people living in the town of Lobster Bend. The group includes two doctors, a reporter, a photographer, and a writer who works for a local newspaper. The film takes place in the year 1895. In the winter, a group including the doctor, photographer, writer, and photographer go to the beach to shoot some pictures. They take a boat to the edge of the cliff and jump off. Then, they realize they have made a mistake and go back to the cliff to retrieve their bodies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning, the relationship between Jake and Sam is so beautiful and romantic that the whole audience is convinced that they will never be able to get along without each other. But they don't. They have to work together to survive. The characters are so real and so believable that you are actually drawn into their lives. The acting is great and the direction brilliant. The beautiful scenery and the beautiful setting, beautiful people, wonderful music, beautiful life all give you something to identify with. I can't stop smiling after this great film. I will continue to watch it and hope that it inspires me to find happiness again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie "I have a dream" is the title of a short story by Charles Williams, who directed the short "The Dreamer" in the early 1930's. In the story, a woman (Vivian Blaine) is visited by a young woman (Kerrigan) who comes to her room and asks for help. When Blaine asks Kerrigan what the dream is, she explains that she had a nightmare that caused her to dream again and again, and that she was having recurring nightmares.  The story is a chilling story that has a great ending. Kerrigan is haunted by nightmares of the woman that is murdered by the woman in the dream. When the woman dies, the nightmares turn into a life long nightmare, and Blaine is haunted as well.    I love the story and the ending. I have a hard time sleeping after it. It is one of the scariest stories ever. It's a bit like a dream. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all I think I can say that this is a pretty good movie! But what I like about it is that I have to remember that it's a very emotional movie. The only person who I like is the actress who played Diana. She was very good in this movie. It made me sad to see her again. It makes me sad when she comes back from Vienna, because Diana is living there with her parents.  The movie is good, but it doesn't seem to be too emotional, and I think that's why it's so emotional. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The beginning of the film is the best part of the movie. The characters are very natural, and you get the feeling that it is a realistic film. The acting masterfully conveys the story of a man's search for his lost wife. The cinematography masterfully captures the nuances of the story, which may make the viewer feel like a real person experiencing what the director is describing. The actors do a superb job in interpreting the emotions of the main character, which are hard to read, and which are totally different from what the main actor is experiencing.   One particular note, which is not mentioned by any of the other commentators, is the way the film handles the ending. A few lines are lost, but the last few scenes alone are worth the price of admission. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie was amazing! It was one of the masterpieces of all time. I still have nightmares about this movie. It is about a group of kids who are caught in a horrible situation and have to run away from the monsters. This movie is not scary, but a great psychological horror movie! This movie scared me! I am surprised with the great acting, great special effects, brilliant beautiful story, beautiful beautiful beautiful special FX, beautiful great great special FX. I will never forget this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a doctor, Dr. James Cole (Jack Daniels), who is trying to prevent an outbreak of rabies from a young woman, Rachel (Meredith Baxter), is a bit of a strange movie. The doctor is a brilliant doctor who, in the middle of a big outbreak, finds a way to help the sick and give them a chance to live their normal lives.  The acting is great, and so are the great performances by the two stars of the movie: Dr. Cole and Meredith Baxter. They are so perfect in their roles that you don't care about the movie. You just want to know how it ends!  9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first heard about this movie from a friend, who said that it was good. I thought it was hilarious. The acting is great, and the plot is unique and original, and works wonderfully together. It is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is very stylish, well acted and the action is very exciting and well choreographed. The direction is very crisp and realistic and the cinematography stunning. The music is perfect and I like the sound of the voices of the actors in the movie, it was very good, the movie was beautiful and very well directed. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes movies which are well made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off I would like to say that i have seen the entire film and enjoyed every minute. I am hoping that this film could one day become a cult hit, because I know that there are those out there that would rate it low, as they do for every movie.  The plot of the film, which is very intriguing, is very simple and very touching, and I hope that everyone in the world will get a chance to see it.  In conclusion, if you like to see a good film, I would recommend The Big S.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Black Cat" is a fantastic, albeit bleak, film, which tells the true story of the pursuit of a killer cat by the police. The movie, like "The Great Santini", is very well-produced and is filled with excellent performances by all the cast members. The soundtrack, featuring music from Pink Floyd and The Stones, is an impressive one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a story of friendship, friendship, and the bonds between the two main characters. The story centers around a woman who comes back from the dead and is haunted by ghosts. The ghosts of the past haunt her, she meets a man from her childhood who seems to be the reincarnation of a childhood friend of hers. She is haunted in her dreams by the ghosts of people who have died. The man wakes up and tries to scare her, but she is scared to death by the ghostly apparitions.  When the two ghosts meet, they talk about the past and about a lost child. She says that if she could, she would give the man a chance to take back what she did. The two ghosts have different dreams about what they want, they are haunted by different things.  The story can't be told in the usual way, but it's a good one to watch if you like to have scary movies. The movie is creepy and I think you can tell the whole story in the first 20 minutes, it's that powerful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, if you don't know the story of "Maniac's Revenge" you'll probably be hard pressed to understand why this is the one of the best horror stories ever. The movie itself is also the first to be produced by Stephen Soderbergh who, after "Kung Fu" left him with a career of success, was now able to move onto the big screen with a great script and great direction. The story of a doctor (Vincent Spano) who is willing to do anything for the money, is quite chilling in the story. The "main" characters are also well done with an all round good story.  The movie isn't over the top scary as such. It's actually scary and frightening and the ending, while not as good as the beginning, is well done and it has something that makes you jump and think a little. I also loved the "jumping scene" and how the doctor made the final decision to take a trip with him or to stay in the hospital, which was quite scary in itself.  This is one of Stephen S. Masters' underrated works, but it certainly isn't a big one. The film is very atmospheric and the film isn't dull, and the music is very good at the end of the movie. The plot also has a lot of good points, and if you like the director and director of "The Shining", you'll get more out of this movie. It has a plot and a great story and it's good in itself, and this is a great horror film.  10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the masterpieces of the 20th century.It is a pity more Americans won't see it because of the war.The title might give it away.The story is about a family living in a sleepy town,but what the title doesn't let you know is that the movie is about how a child,Penny, discovers that her father is the town's famous doctor.The doctor in question is the Reverend,Molie.  The Reverend's house is a wonderful place to be in. The family has a history,but the old,time residents are still there.  As far as I know,there are no American actors in this movie,no Canadian actors either.I don't know how much more Canadians can do than American actors,or even American actors with Canadian accents.The cinematography masterfully captures the old people who are still living in the community.This is an excellent feature.  Overall,this is a great movie for the first time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on TV when it first aired, so I can't really appreciate how masterfully the story, cinematography, and acting are blended together. The film shows the relationship between the two lovers, and how their lives are intertwined. The two are very different from one another, and are in many ways not in the same city, as there is a difference of "town" or "city", with a very different approach to life and a different approach with the same goals. The characters are fully rounded out with a great plot, with a realistic, somewhat naive ending. The camera is close-up, but you can tell when they are close-ups, and the music in general is inspiring, as the movie is about the lives of the two young lovers.  This is a great movie to watch with a group of people who have never seen a movie before, but the ending alone makes the movie seem a bit rushed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very unique movie. It was directed by the noted Italian horror director Lucio Fulci and it is one of his lesser works. Fulci is certainly one of the best in his career, but he made this film because it was not an ordinary one, and was not made as a normal movie. Fulcisti masterfully manipulates and explores the macabre aspects of life. This movie was a good idea and was very suspenseful. Fulca is very dark and scary, and the whole movie is very unsettling. Fulce also makes some great films like "La Fiume" and "La Sanguinusa", so it is very impressive.  This movie is certainly not for everyone, so it may be a bit boring. It is a rather disturbing and gory movie, and it has a very good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was going to give this movie the benefit of the doubt, since I am a movie buff and enjoy seeing a good film and I don't understand a lot about the movie. I found this great movie in a magazine and it really touched me in the heart and I was surprised it was so good. I think this movie touched my heart and i am sad to see how far it has come and how hard it will take for people to get it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of all time. I haven't seen it since, but it still haunts me. It's very, very powerful. It doesn't take long before I'm totally engulfed in this beautiful and haunting picture. It isn't a perfect picture, but I do wish that it wasn't all black and white. I'm glad that the story is so good. I would love to see more of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is masterfully nuanced, from the comic moments to the big-budget special effects and costumes. An intriguing mix of dark comedy and fantasy, this is a great film, as is the soundtrack, which features the music from the Italian avant-garde group. A well made, but there's some minor fault here and it's that the story doesn't have an obvious ending. The great thing about it is that the end itself doesn't reveal everything it has to do. A good idea, but the best part is that it keeps the audience wondering the whole way to the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the great anime series. It's not just mindless entertainment, with great character development and great action, but it is unique and I love that. I was able to follow it from beginning to end and I hope that this series will keep the interest going. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is an excellent action movie that tries to do something different in the action genre. The film starts in a small mining town where an Indian family has been living on land they have been living for centuries. It is a little more than a half hour long and has good performances from all involved. The movie is not the typical "gangster" movie that many action films are, with their heavy-handed gun battles and the explosions, but is a good action movie with a decent plot. The action is very fast and the action is pretty exciting. It could be the perfect movie for any action fan. It has the look and feel of the "Fast and Furious" franchise, with all of the explosions and explosions. This movie could not have been more perfect. It really has the feel of a "Fast & Furious" film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have to say, the original was a great film and the second one was amazing, and this movie is just great! I am amazed, and surprised. It is an awesome film, and the only person who liked it was me! The first one is a great movie, and it is a movie that will last for a long time. The second is the best movie I have ever seen in my life! I wish they make a movie like this one again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this movie many years ago and just came across it again on the IMDb Movie List. It has a good cast of young and old. I haven't seen it in many years but was very surprised to see it was not listed in the Movie List for all to be listed as it is a film made in the 1930's. The movie is one of those films where it is hard to believe that the great men of the 30's were still living the life of a common man. Well, as a boy I thought this was great.  I am very pleased with the wonderful cast and the great script that they masterfully developed. A great story, a great cast, brilliant special FX and great music. I am surprised that it has not been shown on TV. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have noticed that many of the "B" movies are still in my memory after all this time. I remember the "K" movies when I was little kid, and it was very "campy" and sad. I also remember the movie "The Good Earth" when I grew up in the 60's and 70's. It was more "camp" and "scary" but still not sad like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Mystery Men" is a very sweet romantic and funny film that is a good romantic movie. The plot is good and the film is cute and seems to be very good at the same time. The music is good, the characters are good, and the direction is great.  The film is so funny and sweet, that it is hard to believe it is not an adult movie. It seems to have good romantic and plot elements, but it still is cute. The characters are all very believable, and so is the director, he masterfully captures the feeling of mystery.  My favorite part of the film was when they were talking about the old people and their dreams. I laughed at that and I still do. I am not very romantic or sentimental, but I think it is very interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the movie, it is really quite original, and not really all that terrible. It is quite funny and not at all cheesy, it's not a rehash of the countless other movie that has been done about the same subject, and there is quite a good plot, but not over the top, and it is very well put together. The movie is very good, but I can't complain, because it is great. The acting is great, and the directing is great also. The beautiful cinematography in the movie is great as well, but the beautiful cinematography is superb.  This is a good film, and I give this movie a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never heard of this movie, but I am glad to learn it is from someone else who does not understand the way it is supposed to be. This movie is a brilliant and very powerful piece of work. It was written by a very talented and talented writer. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who has ever seen an incredible movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this short, brilliantly filmed and beautifully photographed short, the story of a widower's attempt to get a job through a family friend's brother (an ex-cop) who wants to get back at his father (a police detective) for a murder he has committed.  The acting is superb and the script master masterfully captures the loneliness and desperation of a woman who has been abandoned by her family and now lives alone in a city neighborhood.   The film's best scene is the one where the widow (Kirshner) meets a young man (Mancuso). The man is her neighbor and the two become fast friends. It's as if the writer masterfully crafted a story of real people and real desperation and real relationships. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie with my parents and it was quite enjoyable. The acting was great and I enjoyed the plot. The movie is pretty short and can be quite a bit slow and boring.  The ending is good but the good part of the movie was good and I loved the little romantic moments.  I would recommend this movie to anyone looking to enjoy a good romantic movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "A Short History of Nearly Everything" is an informative and funny look at the world of science fiction. It was produced in the 1930s and had the opportunity to influence the lives of many people. "A Brief History of Almost Everything" gives a brief summary of the story, as it would have happened if it were produced in 1940. It is one of the more interesting documentaries to be shown on science fiction and is available on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a young actor, I am a huge fan of the films of John Hughes. His "Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon" was very emotional and powerful. The same goes for "Cannonball Run".  This film is probably the best of the series. The story was so beautiful that I am unable to express my gratitude to the wonderful cast and crew for brilliant performances. A great job from the wonderful and talented John Hughes!  I highly recommend this film to anyone who likes to see something different. I am not a fan of films starring Hughes and he does not make me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a masterful and creative portrayal of the relationship between a father and his son.The cinematography is masterfully crafted and the editing masterfully captures the tension between the two.The score is beautifully chosen to convey the ambiance of the movie and it shows a desire for the father to become a father as well as his desire to become his own father.The characters are realistic and sympathetic.The story is interrelated and makes the viewer feel like he is in a real nightmare situation.The direction is also very effective and it makes the audience question: what would happen if this were my situation? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great story with good acting, stunning cinematography and great music, this movie will be sure to excite and stun your brain!  I have been looking for this movie for about a year, and after seeing it, I feel compelled to write a comment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the original cartoon, or any of the "Cartoon Network" cartoons, then this is the show for you! If you enjoy the "Adult Swim" or "The Power Rangers" shows, or the "Taz" shows this is for you. The only thing I could think of, and I don't think I can think of anything else, is "My Peanuts" with "Peanuts" being the name of the show.  I think this show is very good for people who like cartoons.  This show has a very nice plot, which makes the show seem like a real show. It has some really good jokes, but I think most people who think this way won't be able to enjoy the show because the jokes are not as funny.  It also has some music, which is nice to see, and that the show does not have, and you can download it for free if you want. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic movie with a plot and good acting from all. I think that this is a romance with good and evil. It is a very romantic movie. It has great and dark acting from everyone, especially from the main character, who seems to be a very normal person. A very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was surprised and amazed by this brilliant and diverse movie. The cast are stunningly good, the plot brilliantly thought out, the cinematography beautifully beautiful, and the magnificent music perfectly suited to the unfolding of this story. The film is directed brilliantly by Phedon Sarno, and there are some truly remarkable and inspired moments. I highly recommend this film for any who wishes to escape from their daily routine and to experience something new and unexpected. This film will certainly not disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just watched this movie in its English translation on the Berlin Film Festival. The story of a small German village and its inhabitants is not the typical of those that you find in the big cities. The characters, both male and female, are realistic and have a nice touch of realism and humour. The scenery is beautiful, and there is a great abundance of natural light. The actors are also well chosen and are able to play with great realism. The cast also did an excellent job, especially for the beautiful, blonde-haired, Erika Elhring. The ending is also quite touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not a great film, it is a great movie. The way it is filmed, the beautiful music, wonderful and beautiful imagery and great acting makes it a great masterpiece. I think it is quite amazing that so many people say this movie is a 'romp'. I think they are forgetting that there are many other movies out there that are great, and that most people should enjoy them. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked the plot and the characters very much. But I also enjoyed the plot line. A very good story line, especially if you like serial killer stories. I hope you don't forget this movie, because I think it deserves the attention it deserves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have never seen a movie as powerful and beautiful as this one. It's the kind of movie that makes you feel like you have been there, all at the same time. It makes me feel like I've been there. It has the power to make me feel lost, in some way, and at the end of the day I'm not even sure what happened. I've tried to watch it several times, and I can't get past the ending. The acting is masterfully beautiful. The story is very intriguing, and makes you care. The best part of the movie is when the characters are given such beautifully nuanced and realistic portrayals. The performances, the directing, the beautiful cinematography, the fantastic sound track, and the stunning and brilliant musical score are all masterfully crafted and beautifully realized. This is the movie that every movie should aspire to. I'm sure it can be done as well as this movie, and in my opinion, this is the beauty of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie, it was very emotional, and very honest, very powerful, but at the end i was so surprised, that i could not really feel the emotions of the main characters, that was so natural, but it was so touching, that the end came true to me, and i loved the movie, but was so good, that you could tell the main character, that she was really lonely, and that she did not really want anyone, and you could also see that the main man was really depressed and did not have a life, and was not able to do anything about it. I don't think that there was much of a story, but the end made me so happy, that I almost cried, and felt sad. I also felt so scared when i was watching it that i was not sure what to do, it made me feel so angry and i could barely see the end. It is a sad movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the wonderful and very original feature. It's just the kind of film that many people hate.  The story is of a father who has to fend of an onslaught of the disease from the father of a small Japanese village. The father and his family are forced to fend for themselves in the village, and when the disease breaks out, he and his wife are infected with the disease.  A few days later, the father is found dead and the wife blames the mysterious death of the father.   What is more, the great Japanese village is suddenly stricken by the disease and is found to have an island paradise. It is a very disturbing story and I found it to be a very powerful one.  This has been a very long time since I've seen it, and I can only hope that there is still hope for mankind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very moving and well-made film that mixes documentary and fiction to tell a story about a young girl who goes to live with a family of lions, and her family's life as she tries to survive. It's a very interesting look at life in the wilds of Africa, and I really like it. The whole film is beautifully shot, and the acting is great, especially the actors who go on safari with the camera. The cinematography is also brilliant.  If you want to watch a great documentary, see this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the wonderful film which celebrates the very first episode of the great TV show. It was the first episode that aired after the show had finished. The story of the little town that had been built on land stolen from the Native Americans by a private detective. The whole place turned out to be a treasure of gold and a curse was placed on the town. This movie, along with the series, is now part of the history of TV. This was a very exciting and somewhat unbelievable movie.  The acting is good, especially for a TV show and the plot is original and very entertaining. The show is so good, and will not go down in the annals of history as some of the most underrated of all TV shows. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Papillon" is a wonderful romantic comedy from director Philippe Sarde, and stars Jean-Pierre Leaud as Papillon (the "young" son of the famous "Pape") and Pascal Duquenne as his devoted parents.  The story is one of many in France, but this is one that was never made before, and probably never made in the same style, but with the same message: be faithful to your dream.  This is a romantic story with some surprises, like a surprise appearance by Sarde (in his early 60s) or Duquene (in her late 60s). Both are great, but the message is still strong: a dreamer must follow her dreams, and her dreams must be fulfilled. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short, sweet and delightful film that should have made me go into the film with a smile, and I was right! Brilliantly filmed, directed with great cinematography and a good sense of humor, this movie was a real surprise to me. It was funny and witty, and had an original plot. It had great performances from all the actors, even though the film was not supposed to be a serious film. The story was not too dark, the movie was not depressing and had not nothing to do with the world in general. I was surprised by the beautiful cinematography, great acting and great photography. This movie made me feel like I was there with the characters. The characters were not caricatures, not caricettes, not stereotypes, they were real people with real feelings and thoughts, which makes them a true story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As a very serious film, with the intention of making an inspirational, but realistic documentary, I found the film to be inspirational and I found myself in tears several times during the film.  The actors in the film, including the main actor of the movie, did an amazing job, and the cinematography master master master brilliantly captured some of the real feelings of the main character.  In conclusion, this is a great film and I would recommend this film to anyone seeking a touching story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great in every aspect of the movie. The plot is unique, and you can watch it in different parts. It is a little boring, and not as violent as other movies with a lot less violence. The special effects are beautiful, and the movie is very well made. The ending is beautiful, but it is also a great ending. Overall, it is a great movie, and if you like the movie, you will like this movie too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of my favorites. It is a very well done movie with great special effects. It was not very cheesy but very masterfully crafted and beautiful. I would recommend this movie to any person looking to experience the power of the human body. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the second installment of the hugely popular "Mortal Kombat" series that also stars the likes of Kojac, John Goodman, Jason Lee, William Liucci, Tim Hutton, James Van Der Beatt and Joseph K.Sarno.  "The Deadly Arcade" is a real treat for fans of the "Maven" series. It is a "arcade" game where the player is given a list of opponents (or "monsta") and the task to defeat them. The game itself is designed to be played in a very short time, so the gameplay is frantic and difficult to complete. The gameplay is very fun and the pace is so fast that you have to keep up.   A very impressive game for the whole family! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is not a typical movie. It is very unique, but very entertaining. The movie is a fascinating mix of reality, fiction and symbolism.  The movie covers the life of an Iranian woman who is preparing to make a trip to the beach with her father and has a plan to make it a great adventure.  It uses a story which really had a very good beginning and the rest of the movie is great.   The acting is very good and the movie has a very diverse and interesting story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very pleased with this movie and I am going to watch it again just to be certain, but I think it was great. I had really good luck and this was definitely worth the effort. I would love to see this again, as it was much better than the movie I was watching when I was little.  I wish they made this movie again and I wish there was more music in it, but it was a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great movies was the movie "The Tenant" starring Jack Nicholson.  It is one of the very best films of all time.   This film is one big masterpieces, if that is what you are looking for in a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes is at the beginning when the beautiful Me Me Me is playing her character in a film that is about a beautiful person. The director has a great idea to show her character struggling with life and a tragic ending. I don't think that's the way to portray a true story.   I really enjoyed this film because it has a strong message. I believe this is the main message of this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big movie fanatic. This is a low budget film with brilliant special effects and great use of light and shadow effects. This movie is an awesome masterpiece.  I love this movie. It shows that people have an innate sense of humor that can be found in all cultures. It's a movie that shows a good view of human nature, which is in all cases a good thing, as it can make people feel sick.  The acting is great, and I especially enjoyed the brilliant performance by Richard Dean Anderson. His character is a sadistic person, who wants to feel good and happy.  If you are looking for a great movie, I highly recommend you to see this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of "Soylent Green" and was directed by famed Hungarian director Józef Szabo. It tells a tale of three generations of farmers living in the Hungarian countryside. The story of the lives of the farmers, their animals, and their animals is very real and full of life.  The movie shows that the lives and experiences of the peasants are full of danger and suffering. It is not only about the animals and the environment, but also about hunger and illness.  Szabo uses this material to make his comment on the tragedy of Hungarian agriculture. "I was a child" he says. "It's a pity I didn't make as much of my life as I could have". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid, I didn't think much of Jack Frost, and I've been looking at this movie for a few years now, and the results were surprising. I loved the movie for the acting, and for the story and the acting and the setting. The setting was amazing, and made me feel like I had to go back and re-read the story for that setting. I enjoyed the characters, and they were interesting, and very believable. I also enjoyed the music. The special effects and costumes were great, and it had beautiful cinematography. I was surprised at the plot line, but I thought it was very creative, and if you haven't seen it, you'll know what I mean. Jack Frost was scary, and creepy. The other characters were also interesting and believable, and were fun to watch. I think it was a great movie, but not the greatest movie ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie about 11 years ago. It was so great that it scared me to death. I didn't think it was possible for me to be scared after seeing it. I love horror movies, but this one stands brilliant beauty. The beautiful and terrifying music and cinematography masterpieces brilliantly portray the fear that lurks in every scene. The great performances of the actors, the great and scary cinematography and the great music all enhance the intensity and horror of the terrifying experience. The movie was great, and I'm still scared to death after seeing this movie. I'm afraid that the best movies of the year will be "Criminally Insane" and "Curb Your Ennui" or "The Blair Witch Project", or "Cult of the Cobra", and this one fits perfectly in those three categories. 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love horror movies and have seen horror movies in my time. This was one of the great ones I've seen. I don't want to spoil the story but if you like horror you'll love it. The film has all the great qualities of a great horror movie, and some great special effects and scares. It has some great scares and scares but it has also got a good story and good story to tell. It is scary that i have ever seen, I am afraid of the dark. I'm scared of everything, and i think everyone should be scared of something. I can't remember a movie where this great story and great scares are combined. I would love to see a good horror movie like this. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original film was a wonderful fantasy adventure. The characters were well developed and intriguing, the story of the two witches and their journey to meet their destiny. The special effects were superb and the whole film enhanced by great performances from all the cast. I enjoyed every second of it and I hope that it comes back next year with a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good film, I hope you don't miss it. It's an adult movie with lots of adult scenes, and I think you will enjoy it if you are into adult movie. I would recommend this to any one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very moving and emotional movie that I hope to be able to complete with a strong ending. If you are going to watch a movie that is about a woman's pursuit of happiness, I recommend "Wedding Crashers" instead.  I think this movie is a masterpiece. I am glad that I do not have to write an account about it because I would have to digress to do so. The movie is moving, dramatic, poignant, and very powerful. I was amazed by the beautiful scenery. The main characters are powerful. Their struggle is real and I believe that you can see the fear and agony that the main characters feel and the helplessness of the main character in this movie.  The end of the movie is powerful. It is a great end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a simple but powerful and uplifting movie about a young woman's journey through her life. The film follows her and her family members as they make their way through the trials and tribulations of life. It is also a powerful statement that all humans are connected. We are all made of clay, just like she is. She realizes her pain and has dreams.  The young woman then comes to life and begins a journey of discovery. She learns that she has a life to live and is surrounded by life and its struggles. In her dreams she learns that all of the people who have died will return.  This film was inspired by the young woman in the film "The Mother" who also had dreams and found a place within herself to be with someone. I felt that her dreams of someone else were far more powerful than hers.  I believe that this film is powerful. I don't want to oversell this film. It has a great message and I hope that everyone who watches it can find it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was my first film, but my brother had seen it the year before. It was one of the great films of the late 1970s. It's a great, but I can't remember the last time I saw it, but this is one of my favorite. I can remember, I was in a coma when this movie came out.  This is a very touching story, and I hope to get to the point where it comes across as a real movie. The acting is great, especially from the main actor, Michael Caine, who plays an old man who has lost his wife to illness and alcoholism, and his son to death. The scene where Caine's character is in a hospital bed with his stomach hurt because of the stress and he can't feel his legs are moving is so touching, that I am still in a state of shock.  The direction is great as well, the cinematography brilliant, and the beautiful soundtrack makes the whole experience better.  I give this movie an 11 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dress To Kill" is one of the masterpieces of all time, not only was it one of Jackie Chan's finest performances, but was also a superb example of his many "Kung fu" movies. Chan plays the role of a Chinese lawyer hired by a judge to defend the honor of the "King" of Hong Kong. As he struggles with his duty, he is haunted by ghosts that he can't control.  It's a classic example of how a movie can give you a sense of catharsis. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film with a very good story, a good script and a good acting, the movie is a MUST SEE FOR ALL AGES. I have seen it twice, on different nights, but this is probably my favorite of the two.  The movie is about an African family trying to survive, their situation and the struggle to overcome the various problems of a very poor country.  I am not going to make any comment about the story, which has been told many times, and which is similar to other similar movies of this kind, as I am unable to see how any of the criticisms made by others are inaccurate.  This movie reminds me of my time spent in Africa, the lack of money, the problems that we all had to endure and the struggles we all went through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this is one wonderful film, with a plot that keeps moving, and beautiful cinematography and great acting. It is not simply a romantic tale, but it is a real-life experience.  This movie is about people who live on the edge, and who get to see the nature and the life of those who live there. It was made in 1998.  The movie is full of interesting moments, and I do not want to give any more details, because I do believe that this movie can still be enjoyed by some.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  Aspect ratio: 1.33:1 (1st 2) = 1.04:1 as rendered by IMDb (and there's no need to add a comment to clarify the exact ratio, since that's the one that gets most attention in IMDb's listings). Aspect: 1:1.33, 1.43:1, 1:43:2, 1/3:1 = 1/8 (the original movie has a ratio of 1.07:1 and a slightly higher aspect ratio of.07:2). As I said, there are no new details to be made, so I'll just keep it brief and add my own summary: "Beautiful cinematography, beautiful cinematography and stunning beautiful beauty." Brilliant acting, beautiful imagery, beautiful settings. Brilliant cinematography. Brilliant beautiful beautiful beauty. Wonderful cinematography beautiful beauty gorgeous beauty. Excellent cinematography great cinematography...great cinematography perfect cinematography perfectly chosen and beautifully filmed. Brilliant beauty beautiful beautiful beautiful cinematographic settings beautiful cinematism perfect cinematography, great beauty beautiful cinemats settings beautiful settings...perfect perfection...perfect beauty perfect cinematism...perfect perfect beauty perfect perfect beauty...perfect...perfect, perfect beautiful beauty beautiful, beautiful beautiful, perfect, beautiful, wonderful beautiful beauty... perfect perfect beautiful beautiful perfection perfect... perfect beautiful perfection beautiful perfection, perfect perfection perfect beauty, perfect beauty beautiful beauty...beautiful beautiful...perfect perfectly perfect beauty gorgeous perfection perfect perfect perfection beautiful beauty perfect, perfect perfect...perfect and lovely perfect beauty beautifully photographed...perfect beautiful... perfect perfection...beautiful perfection, exquisite and wonderful beauty...beautifully beautiful...beautily beautiful perfection... beautiful perfection. Perfect beauty perfect...beautful perfection... perfect... beautiful... lovely perfection... Perfect beauty, lovely perfection perfect perfection.Beautiful perfection...true perfection, beautiful perfection...Beautiful...beautiness, perfection, beauty...Perfect perfection...Beautiful, perfect and beautiful perfection and perfection...just beautiful perfection....beautiful beauty... Perfect, perfect...Beauty perfection... perfection...beauty, perfect...Beauty, perfection...Perfect beauty...Beauteness...perfect.Beauty...perfect beauty, perfection.Perfect beauty perfection...Natural beauty, elegance...beauty...beautylove...perfect harmony, perfect harmony...perfectly...Beautcy...Beautiness...beautiest perfection...the beautiful perfection of beauty...true beauty...in this story...beautification, perfection and perfect beauty...Beautly beauty...but...beautifully...Beaut
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Sandy" is a very good film with good acting and good story. The film shows the story of two young people in a simple, happy setting: A man with a new lease on life (Tobey Maguire) and a woman (Kathryn Allen) who are on the brink of financial disaster due to a downturn in their lives. In this film, the actors play their roles well, and the movie follows their lives and struggles. The story is very believable, and has a happy ending for the happy-go-lucky couple. I recommend the film to anyone who wishes to experience the ups and downs of life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just caught this movie on the Mplex channel (Channel 84) on July 21, 2007. It was at that time a "perfect" movie to take home to my parents' home in Florida. I was hooked instantly! My parents have both seen "The Big Chill" many times. This movie, however, is a must-see for anyone who is a student of film. The story is simple, it's easy to follow, and most of the performances are excellent.   "The Mother" is the perfect "mother" for this story. Her mother is played by Mandy Schaffer, who is an amazing person, who, after her mother died, went on a journey of self-sacrifice. It's a journey that she did alone. This is a great movie to show off your friends. I can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie, but i found myself very touched by it.  I am a huge Ben Affleck fan and i find this movie to be hilarious and i just hope he gets a chance to show his stuff, so we can see what he has to say.  If you haven't seen it yet, then this is the movie for you. It has a good plot, great cast and great special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a really good idea for this movie, and that's exactly what I got brilliant masterfully done. The movie was great fun, and it was a very unique film, but I still think that the main themes are good, and the acting was good, which is surprising given the cast.  I enjoyed the first 5 minutes, and I was really surprised when I realised that it was not a typical Hollywood movie.  There was a lot of good, but not too much, and after the first half an impressive cast, excellent direction, great comedy, great fun and good special effects, great music.   Overall, I think that this is a good and unique movie, a fun one, which I recommend to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little more about the story, which had to be one of my top 5 most favorite movies of all time. The whole movie was great, and i loved the little stories about the other characters, which are so interesting that i had to write them. This movie is about a woman, who gets married and has to find out she's going to be a mother again. In the end, it's really amazing how the whole movie works. This is a real touching movie, which isn't all that hard to find. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen a movie like this, but it still is a good one. This movie is excellent, especially considering the lack of Hollywood material, and some great actors. The plot is a great one, the cinematography master brilliant and beautiful, the great music score, beautiful cinematography, great directing.  The great acting in this movie, as in all movies. A great acting. A beautiful cinematographic and great music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   If you have seen this movie, you will have seen the ending and the ending alone. This is the beautiful ending of the movie. The movie is amazing, beautiful, and the story is strong. It is the best movie I have ever seen. It has some of the most beautiful cinematography and it is the most romantic and heartbreaking song ever written. It also has the best acting out of any movie I ever saw. This movie also comes with the best ending of any song I have heard.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It is an extremely enjoyable and touching movie. A great cast for a movie that will surely make you laugh and probably will make you cry.  The movie is directed by Shernaz Brosnan. He has directed many great films in his time. The movie that is a tribute to his father, is called The Shernazi Story, and it is a very emotional movie. The actors are also excellent. The scene in which he has to sing a solo of The Serenazi song is very touching and sad. It is a song that he probably wanted to sing when he was in a very depressing and sad situation.  It has been my very favorite movie ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first of a series of 10 films in which each director manages to deliver a magnificent performance and with the last one being one of the masterpieces of this generation. It has been seen by some as a rip-roaring movie with too many sex and violence and not enough of the beauty and romance of the 10 films. However, this film is not just about sex, violence and sex. This is about the lives of 10 ordinary, everyday people, with 10 different viewpoints, with all their frailties and with a common story. The actors do an outstanding job.  This movie also has the strength to stand on its own, with the director alone, and with all the people who love this series, who are also real people, to show how a person with a normal life, can achieve a normal existence and achieve happiness. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is the best film ever made. It is a good film, not because of the acting, beautiful cinematography or good direction, but because of brilliant performances by all the actors. The direction is beautiful, the use of natural settings, the beautiful landscapes and natural settings and the great landscapes are all stunning.  I hope that everyone will find this film surprising and disturbing, and that there will be no surprises and disturbing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked the first 2 of this movie. The characters were interesting and interesting, I was not sure if I would like it. The acting is good, the plot is beautiful and beautiful, the music is amazing and beautiful. The story and the direction are beautiful.  I was surprised how good it was and the beauty of the movie. It was amazing. The special effect were great, and beautiful colors and beautiful lighting used in the movie made me realize that it is an amazing movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a romantic, romantic, bittersweet and very touching film. It has many themes: love, friendship, family, sickness, immortality, hope, etc. I found this movie to be very emotional, as it is a film about people in love.   It is interesting, and is sad at the time. I think that this movie has a lot of life and has very good acting. I would have to say, I think, that it is an emotional and heartbreaking movie.  I think this is a very interesting and touching movie. It makes me sad, happy, sick, happy... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have just finished watching this and I loved it. The first film was very good and was released at the end of the 1990's.  The second is the excellent sequel. It has all the timeless elements of the first. The beautiful scenery, beautiful music, great acting, great photography, great cinematography. I enjoyed this as much as I enjoyed the first, and I am hoping that this movie will become a great classic.  If you are expecting a modern thriller like I was, I would recommend the second film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most romantic anime ever.  I like the idea of a young man falling in love with a woman of his dreams, and the story is like that.  But it's not a movie. It's a masterpiece of brilliant animation, music, and wonderful romance.  It is an emotional masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very well done and original piece of work. I've seen it all. I loved it, I hated it, but i didn't expect much either. I thought the best part of the film was the first half, where the characters played their roles out very well.  I would have liked to see more of the story line. I think it would have been more effective to show more of what happened with the characters, and just give the ending a chance to be more real to everyone. It was a nice touch!  I thought it was great, especially for a horror film. It wasn't scary as many movies are, but was very suspenseful. It also did not try to be so cheesy as some movies, like many have. I don't think that it could have done much better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie for the director of this film, which was made in 1948, was titled "The Invisible Man." It is an excellent story and I thought that this film was good enough.  The Invisible Man is a true story about the life of a young woman, a widow and a father of two sons who are living in the home of a old man who has been living alone on the beach for 25 years. Her mother is a woman with terminal cancer who is slowly dying and wants to have her husband take care of her.  Her daughter is the daughter of a doctor, and his mother has died.   Her sister and her brother have also died, but she has been cared for by her father.  So what happens when this woman decides that the life is too long and needs to die.  She asks a friend to come over and say that she needs to go to the beach with her and take care for her. But instead of going with her, she takes her two sons with her to the sea and goes in search of a good man.  After they meet with this man, she realizes that he is not the "real" man, and that she has to live on her own.  As they are walking along the beach, she finds that she cannot walk on her toes anymore. Her life has been changed.  In the beginning, her mother has told her sons that they are "sons of her" and that it is her "duty" to look after them as she has gone through her "final days." Her sister has told them not to go, she is going to take care.  One of her sons, a son of her father, has a life-size, hand-painted portrait of a man hanging on a wall. He has been there for more than 25 years and he has become the same man as she.  "Mystery Man" is a truly depressing movie and I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The two main characters in this film are Paul Newman and Jerry Springer. They are both stand up comic characters, and they are in fact in the film in which Newman is a major character. Newman is funny, but he is very intense, and he is the only character in the entire film that is not able to act. In this movie, he is at times funny, and at times dumb, and his facial expressions and mannerisms are completely captivating and he has great lines. This movie is based on the book by the same author. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was beautifully directed, and acted, by some of the finest and most talented actors and actresses in the world. It was a brilliant performance by a young Catherine Zeta Jones (who is about to appear in an amazing film as an attorney in a small New York court), who had a big part to play, in which she tries to prove her innocence in court, while trying to prove that she had nothing to do with the killing of the judge, and the two policemen who tried to clear her.  The plot is pretty simple: two people are accused of murder in a New York prison. One is the dead judge, a former police officer, who is a very wealthy man who gets an offer from his life insurance company to settle his debts for a million dollars. He is going to pay up to prevent the payout of the life insurance. He can get the money by taking out a life insurance policy that he has bought in the past for about $3,000, and he will keep the policy for another $6,000.  So what does the insurance plan look like? Well, he has his wife, his daughter, his bank account and life insurance (all in $7,000), but when he visits his wife's grave, a mystery occurs and the widow (Zeta Jones) confesses her involvement in the crime. She is immediately attacked by a mysterious stranger, who turns out to be none other, and she is attacked and killed by a second stranger, and then she is raped and sodomized by the murderer.  Then the killer leaves her, and is found guilty of all the crimes committed in the house, and so is the judge.  And what is the shocking twist?  Well, as it turns out, he had a life history and was a very good person, and had the help of a good psychiatrist (played by William H Macy) who helped him put the pieces together and help him deal with the problems he had as a person and a family.  He also has some strange and troubling dreams in which he has some mysterious and disturbing dreams. The movie really surprised me, and was quite disturbing.  I don't know what to say. I liked the ending. It just doesn't make much sense! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie blew me away when I first saw it. The acting brilliantly complemented the superb cinematography and perfectly captured the essence of the story.  I was amazed by the great performances of both main characters, especially from John Thaw. The story is of two very interesting and very bitter brothers and the characters are both bitter and sad. The plot is one of the most complex ever. The whole movie is based on a tragic event that happened in the 20th century. The actors, director and the screenwriter made an excellent movie with good dialog and beautiful cinematography. The cinematography is very impressive, especially the beautiful score by J.V.S. and the stunning images. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a man who goes to a hospital after his wife has passed away is very disturbing. A doctor there finds a woman with her dead husband's remains in his home. She says it's because he's a homicidal maniac and she's the only one he's attacked by. When a man comes in and kills her, he is found guilty of murder and sentenced to death. But the story doesn't end there, wonderful suspenseful film that has a shocking ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been a big fan of Steve McQueen, and I was very impressed by his performance in this movie. It's still not one of his better performances in films like The Rock or A True Story, but this movie gives him a run for his money. It shows that you don't have to be a genius to figure out how to get a great movie out of a great director. This is a great film that I highly recommend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The beginning is a captivating story of love, sacrifice and forgiveness. The ending, while not completely unexpected, has an impact that could only be expected given the time, place and the cast. It is, quite frankly, one of the masterpieces of the last century. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very emotional and beautiful movie. The director shows the true side of a person who goes through life with someone who has no emotions and can only appreciate certain things.  I am amazed how he captures the essence of someone who is depressed. It can only be the person who has an illness that affects their mind, that has a disease that affects them physically and mentally.  If someone with a heart and mind is depressed they will see the truth of God's love and mercy in all of the events of life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of my favorite things about this movie, it's the acting superb. The beautiful music, beautiful beautiful cinematography brilliantly works together to create this masterpiece. It is so beautiful and moving that I am speechless in admiration. I can't wait to see what is next.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a very interesting one.   The cast are good, the story is interesting and unique.  A great cast.  7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As much as I love Bollywood movies, the ones I like to watch are not Bollywood, and this is one of those gems. I just found the movie wonderful and touching. The story itself is touching and I don't think I'll ever forget this film.  I don;t think I've ever cried in a movie. The actors, both male and female, did great performances. I would have liked to see them in more action roles. They are amazing. I have never been a big Bollywood fan, so watching them all give a different feel to the film. If you don;s enjoy watching Bollywood films, or if you don't, this is a must see.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this is one of the masterpieces of all time. It has good acting and great special effects. I loved it and I am glad that it made me love it as much as I did with "Plan 9 from Outer Space". I do not know how many people disliked this film. I liked it, and I will not complain about it, it just showed that people were not so smart as they thought. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is the true story of two women who are true to their religious beliefs and who go to the end to make sure their dreams come true. This film explores their lives as they try to live their dreams and find out the shocking truth about the dangers and perils facing young women in the world. It is a powerful and disturbing film that should be seen and enjoyed in its simplicity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am a big Michael Ironside fan, and was very happy with the performance. I thought it was great and that it wasn't just a Michael Ironide film, it was an excellent performance from all actors and it is not like I've seen his best work. I love this movie for all the performances, the cinematography and great direction.  This is a nice film to watch with your friends and have a great time. It has a good script, good direction and a great script. It is not so cheesy, it is nice and easy to understand and if you like Michael Irong, you'll probably like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie for the first time in a long time. It is a very good, well-directed film with great acting and great special effects. This is the kind of movie that is really good, and I found it to be very creative and interesting. The main characters are good, the movie has good story, and good direction. I would like to see more of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never heard of this movie before it was screened. The film tells the story of the pursuit by the police of a suspect after he was seen driving a car with a stolen license plate. It is an emotional and thrilling story about two police officers and their pursuit of the suspect.  This is the movie that many have been waiting for. The acting is top notch, and it shows in a compelling manner the emotional scars that the two officers have suffered through the ordeal of trying to catch the suspect and all the other incidents that have led up to that point.    The film is very emotional. I can see the anger on the officers' faces and they know that this is not the end of the road.  The direction is masterfully crafted to bring out the various feelings and pains of the officers. I was able to feel sorry for the two guys who were driving away in the car with the suspect on the phone and they were both shot and killed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It's a movie about the struggles of a young girl and her family living in a totally different world. It has a beautiful soundtrack, great acting, and great family values. This is a movie that should be seen by all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It's an odd movie that is not supposed to be taken seriously by any film students. It was made for an audience of young people. It doesn't pretend to be a serious movie and it's interesting and entertaining at the same time. The main characters are all believable. The acting is wonderful and it works well together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning I thought the story was interesting, it was a thriller, but then I remembered the plot, brilliant and beautiful.  The story is very intriguing, the acting brilliant. It is a story of real people, real people and real people.  I hope that this movie is able to make a movie that will make people to think. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the touching story of a couple of young, restless, and unruly neighbors who move in next door. They meet in their garden a few weeks later, and their lives will change forever.   The film's acting is top-notch and includes standout performances from Claire Danes and Hugh Jackman, and good performances from Danes' and Jackman's performances. The script is unique and inspired, but the final product is worth the watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like "The Last Picture Show" (the original movie is much better than the remake), and I also enjoyed the movie, although I was disappointed with the remake. The story is so good, it's surprising. The cast is excellent, but I like the movie and I don't expect anything to come.  I really don't think there will ever be another movie like this one. I've never seen the show. I like it very much, and I hope it keeps getting better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative comment i could make about this wonderful movie is that it is not all your typical, low budget film, and that you don't have to spend a lot to master it. In fact, you may spend an entire movie masterfully crafted to master the magic of the movie. But if you like the genre, this is also the movie for you. And if you enjoy movies that are original, creative, well-made, well made and beautiful, then this is for you!  The main reason i'm giving this movie 8/10, is because of the fact that I am in love with Rainer (played by the awesome Rainer, who also is the director of this movie, but not in this film) and that this movie is one of his most beautiful. And that's why it is one the masterpieces of Rainer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie at the Sydney Gay and Music Festival, and loved it. The ending is very moving, and I was glad that it did not end as I had hoped.  It is sad when a talented artist (Germans) makes a good film, which can only be expected from someone with such an open mind and wonderful sense of humour.   This film is a good example of the power of the human spirit to surprise us. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with a stunning close up of the Grand Canyon. The shots of the majestic mountain and the spectacular scenery are breathtaking. The film is one of the most beautiful documentaries I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised by this brilliant film, I can't imagine anyone else enjoying it. It's not as violent as some of the violent horror movies out there, but it's intense, but well worth it. I'd love to see this film again, and I'm looking forward to my next viewing, as I can remember only one time watching it, so I guess it's time to start again.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Livre d'enfants" (1996)  The title of this great film is a perfect blend of drama and comedy. A young man (Richard Dreyfuss) is attracted to a beautiful woman (Peged) and soon finds that he is the target of her family, who also happens to be the head of the local priest (Paul Reubens). Their plan to marry has a happy ending when Richard discovers that his beloved is pregnant.  In the last scene, the main character of the film, Richard, is seen riding a bike with his girlfriend and he has his bike locked and he is riding away on his way to the hospital.  There is a wonderful scene where the main characters are talking about their feelings about the hospital and Richard starts to cry because of the hospital situation. The scene is full of sadness and Richard ends up being depressed and unhappy and the hospital is a place where he can escape from his life. The film contains plenty of action and suspense, but it is the perfect blend.  This is the first film directed by Dutch filmmaker Gerard van Trier and the first time that he made a film that was not produced by his famous friend, Jan de Bont. In "Loulou" (1987) the film was a masterpiece. This film was the sequel of "Van Trier van de Nuit" (2002) and "Scoop" (2007). Both of these films were successful in gaining the audience. The success of "Louri" is mainly due to the talented performances of Paul Reubenes, Richard Dreyfuks, Andreas Schnass and Jean-Pierre Jeunet. The main actors of this film were the great actors of the Netherlands and they all made great performances.  "Dreyfusse" is a masterpiece of love and sex, which also was a successful film in the Netherlands. The cinematography is brilliant and there are no long shots. It is a great film to view on a rainy day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie as beautiful as this deserves to be seen and acted out. I've seen it and I'd love to recommend it to anyone.  The story is a great idea and I love the idea that it can be so much more. I was very surprised how beautiful it was.   It seems that the great great Charles Bukowski has seen this and enjoyed it. Bukowski is one of the most brilliant and talented actors to come out of the 20th century. Bukowski is in a league with Bukowski, and you know that it's not easy for two to play.  This is a very strong movie and I can't recommend it highly enough. I'd say that everyone should see it at least once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies, I am a horror movie fanatic and I think that movies are the most important and powerful medium to create a scary atmosphere and to get a good scare. So this movie is really great, if you have nothing to do you should check it out.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of this genre, a great blend of documentary and fiction. The story is a mix of history, science, drama and romance, all of which has a great effect on the audience.   This movie is a bit dated, I don't think, and I wouldn't want to be a spoiler.  The cinematography is very well done, especially the sound design, with great effects and great use of the sound editing. The score is fantastic, and the use of different cultures adds to the authenticity.  I have to admit that the plot is not very strong, and it's definitely not very heavy-handed. The main character is very human, but I still think he was somewhat unusual. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little movie, but it could easily be one of those great, happy, good-looking films. The only flaw is that the story line, while not very simple, is very simple and direct, which makes the film more enjoyable.  The story line is about a young couple, their journey from being a couple in love to becoming a family, and their journey to be a family of their own. It's a very realistic portrayal, especially considering the low expectations for a film such as this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very emotional and beautiful! The actors are great, the story is great and the direction brilliant. Very impressive and wonderful movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I watched this movie when I was about 15 years old, in my hometown of Lyon.  I was so intrigued, that I actually wanted to see it, but it still remains one of my most favourite animated film ever.  The animation was fantastic, specially the voices. I have never heard any of the animated dialogue I have heard so much. I love the little story of the little robot, and the animation of the robot, even more. I would love to see more of the story, maybe in another animated film, this one in 3D or 2D, that would be more realistic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a movie that deserves a rating, but I thought that it was great. I had never seen anything like this before, and I thought it was really cool. But I loved it. The cinematography and the beautiful and inventive use of colors and the use of light and shadows really enhanced the beauty of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love watching the first episode of every episode of a good series but this was one of my favorites. It was very emotional and very honest. The actors gave great performances. I think it was very fitting for the first show. The plot was great fun and the ending was beautiful. I loved every second of this show. I hope that everyone else does as well. I am excited for next week's show. It will be like I have every other show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love all the other comments, and I would be happy to add more to the discussion, I would like to know how this movie has been appreciated over the years. It has been compared to "The Black Cat" in the sense that it is both a straight film, and a film with a happy ending, but I believe that the former is not the case here. The story is a great deal of realism and it is very hard not to get emotionally upset by the film, or even physically angry by the fact that such a great filmmaker is making a masterpiece like this one.  My rating is an indication of how good this film is.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie. I have watched it twice, and I have never regretted it. The acting is great, the characters well developed, and the direction masterfully captured the essence of what it is that this movie is about. The film's theme is what is important in life, that is, happiness. It is about the time of our lives, and that of those who are just in the moment. It could not be any better.  This movie is like the great American Gothic series. But it is not just about Gothic music, but it is about all of life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Greetings from the grave" is a great film! The acting is great and the story brilliant. The special effects are beautiful and the beautiful and haunting soundtrack is amazing. The acting was brilliant and the special effects beautiful. I think this is a very well put together movie that can be watched and enjoyed. I would like to say a lot more about this movie as I am not a huge Michael Haneke fan! I would recommend this movie to anyone. I have watched it many times and the reactions are so rare. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of my favorite movies of all time. It has a great plot, is very beautiful, and it has great acting performances by all. I love all of it. The plot is good and I like the movie very much. It is very emotional, and I think the movie is very good.  I like movies that are very emotional and are not like "The Last Picture Show" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a very interesting one with some very dark moments and it is filled with great performances from different character actors. One of the best performances comes from the actor who plays the role of the villain and the scene in the beginning where he is seen playing a character which is later to be identified as the "Father of Evil" is one of the most powerful and brutal images in the movie.  The movie also deals with the relationships between mother and daughter and how they have to overcome all their troubles, which include neglect and abuse. However, the story is not so complex, and in the end it doesn't seem to have taken any deep meaning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has been re-discovered and rediscovered by a dedicated fan of the original cartoon series.  This is the only new animation in the world! This is a great animation, specially for children. The voices of Buzz and Sesame Street are also used. The backgrounds are also colorful, like they are in the old shows.  The animation is very fun, and I especially enjoyed the way they used the voices of the characters in the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story of a small boy with an older brother, who wants revenge on his tormentors, is set on a small Italian island called "Villa della Mio".  The older brother is a painter. In order to get revenge on the boy, he is forced to paint pictures of a girl in order to appease the girl's father.  After this, the older brother has to paint a portrait of the girl in the exact location of the crime.    Of course, this is an interesting film.  The movie is set in a typical Italian village. The actors are good and well chosen. The plot is intriguing and well thought out.  Overall, a good film. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of those great romantic comedies that I have seen in the last years, but I really like this one because it was funny.  The acting was great and the plot was great.  I have never seen a movie that was as funny as this one. It was very funny, so if you like romcom comedies, and like me, don't miss this one!  I wish everyone involved in this movie and the people involved in the movie had the chance to see it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a strange way, this film reminded me of my early days as a child when my parents would take me out to the woods and show me things to shoot, even though I didn't have much imagination.  This is the kind of film that you could take to your local library and enjoy it at your own risk. It is, after all, a "small" film.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first ever story to be filmed on the new Mplex channel, I was excited to learn how this film would be released and what it was all about. I thought I was in for a treat.  A surprising and very enjoyable story of a woman in love with her own thoughts and those of others. The story is so beautiful that I am not surprised, as the director, Peter Bogdanovich, shows his characteristic brilliance in the film.  I enjoyed the film and the actors. I am glad to see the old channel has been restored to it's original form. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First of all, i like to see the old Bond movies and i found this one to be very interesting. It is actually the best movie i have seen, not that i think it was the best, but i liked the way the story developed. It was not predictable, and very interesting and i liked that, it wasn't cheesy at all, not to mention that it was very suspenseful and very good in every scene, which i would think is very hard to find.  Second, the cinematography great, the great sound effects and great cinematography are quite nice, but the best scene is the scene with the car in the beginning, which is very exciting. Also, the ending is very good and i like that too. It may sound like a cheesy movie, but it is not a cheesy one.  Third, i really like the fact that the plot is very emotional and very complex, and there is no boring scenes, so the movie is quite great. And the music and soundtracks are really good, and the best music i have heard is from the music video version, which has very great soundtrack. I am not sure if it was that good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is a very well made movie with stunning cinematography and great acting and great music. The cinematography is stunning, and the acting is great especially from the cast, and this is a movie about life and the human spirit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A simple story that never gets old. I like the story, the characters, and the performances of the actors. I also like the direction, the cinematography, and all the other aspects of the movie. The music is also great, and that was also a surprise. I really enjoyed the acting of all the actors and especially the voices, which all had great acting skills. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this movie is great. The direction brilliantly captures the essence of madness and the suffering of one individual in the past and present. The story follows the lives of three characters with various psychological problems. It starts off interesting and builds slowly. The acting is great, the settings unique, and the beautiful cinematography beautiful.  This movie is about three girls and one guy with psychological problems as they struggle to get out of the clutches of their illness. They live in a psychiatric hospital and have a strong dislike for the other patients. They all have dreams about their deaths and have different colored dreams about the same person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. The way it was filmed, brilliantly crafted and the acting great, it is a masterpiece. I am glad that the makers of the movie used such beautiful settings, and use beautiful and beautiful music to portray the movie's theme. The story of the young girl who has fallen in love with the rich man who has just lost his family, is really quite touching. The movie is really very touching, and the way that the characters are developed is really remarkable.  I think that this movie is very touching. A must watch, even if you are a bit young. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie about 3-4 times and each time i was amazed by how beautiful it was and how perfect it was. I liked it but didn't think it was very good at all.  The acting was brilliant, especially from the two main characters, the old lady and the little boy. The special effects were stunning, especially the morphing of the characters. It was very fun to see how all the characters had so vivid, especially when you got to know them as they started to talk about their dreams, and then slowly got more into their lives. It wasn't all the best, and i recommend this movie to any one interested in seeing a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title implies this movie isn't a movie, but an entertaining and interesting movie. I am a big Ramones fan and have seen all his movies. I have to say I really enjoyed this one. The plot and the acting is great. The jokes are funny and there are some really good one liners in this movie. There is no long, boring scenes. There are plenty of great moments and this is one of them. This is one to be watched for the laughs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title implies, "The Cat and the Canary" is a fantasy tale. A boy's wish to see a cat fight. The cat, however, appears to have his eyes on a very young girl. He is attracted to her. The girl is a witch who uses her powers to keep a balance between the forces of nature and man, which can be seen as her attempt to control the fauns who she has seen on her travels, and her desire to find out the secrets of her powers. The film explores this idea of a cat's love for a human, which the cat's human companion, an old cat, is also lusting for.  The film also deals with some of the symbolism of the cat and the crows, and how the cat seeks to assert his place as the master of the universe. It also explores the relationship between the cat, the witch and the young girl, and it is the interaction between the girl and the cat that makes the relationship truly unbearable.    I found "Cat and the Crows" to be a very enjoyable fantasy. It is a very disappointing film, and I hope to see more from this talented director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first 30 minutes or so are quite exciting as the story of the relationship between the two main characters. The story is then fascinating, but the pace is gradually picked up. We see the relationship as being more and more serious by the minute, but also seeing the different side effects of the lifestyle.  The characters are also quite interesting, which is very refreshing in the fact that it is a serious relationship with serious consequences.  Overall, this is a great movie that is enjoyable and well worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a small village in the village of the Sihnch district of Tsinghua, there lives a old hag who goes on a killing spree and who is captured by villagers who have become followers of the hag. The village people become very suspicious and all the villagers are convinced that the haggard is innocent, they all gather together to take him away. The story really surprises you in the end and it surprises you the same moment in the next scene.  The acting in the movie is excellent and I love the actors and I especially love the acting of the villagers who are convinced of the guilt of the killer. The direction is very well done as is the lighting. The film is very colorful and I recommend it to anyone who likes dark movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at age 15 and was amazed how much I liked it.  This was the first movie where I truly experienced the power of the medium.  I don't remember anything like this before, but I definitely liked the first "A Brief History of Nearly Everything" and "The Long, Hot Summer" I've ever seen.  Now I think back to those movies and the power they gave me.  They were all short, but they were very fun to watch.   Now "Kung Fu" is different. You'll laugh out loud a lot more than usual and laugh a lot less than usual. It has the power to make you laugh uncontrollably.  It's a different movie for every kind of audience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this film, but I don't think it's a film that most people will find easily digestible, and I don´t think it will take long before they start to get it.  I thought that the plot was good, the performances of the main characters were great, the story intriguing and full of great drama and great action, and the final fight scene was well choreographed and very close to the real life one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the first time a true-life horror film has been nominated for an oscar, and I love how the film makes a great effort to connect with its audience, while at the same time pushing the boundaries of believability. This isn't a film that most people will be caught off guard by. It's a realistic depiction of the world's most hated minority. The scenes in the house were chilling and realistic. The atmosphere was chillingly cold, as the story tells of the lives of a woman who becomes a witch and her family. The director, James G. Phillips, has used a very dark tone to portray the character and it's a bold move. The film is not a perfect movie, and as such I recommend it to anyone who likes dark and gory movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first hour of the movie is good. It was wonderful and touching. I felt I could watch it and understand everything it was saying. It's so realistic that it works for me. It has such good performances by such diverse actors and is made with such great vision and amazing beautiful art.   The best movie I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts with the usual "A new year dawn" routine, and as the days passed, it became more and more intense. The acting and story is great, and the special effects brilliantly created and wonderfully captured the mood and atmosphere of the time.  The direction is well handled, and works perfectly together to create an atmosphere of fear and suspense, which works perfectly with the storyline. I am amazed how realistic it is, and I am very pleased with the use of old stock footage. The actors are great, as are the beautiful cinematography. The use of the fog is stunning. The soundtracks are very good, and very haunting. The direction and cinematography works perfectly.  10/5 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a romantic comedy which is unlike the typical sitcom which is just a show about a couple of friends and their lives. This show is about a group of women who live their lives as housewives. The movie is very funny and very real. There are many jokes in the movie, and one of the most hilarious ones is the one where the wife is cheating on her husband and the cheating husband has to find another woman to be his new "wife".  I like the way the women are dressed and the way they interact with each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is funny, has good plots, and is cute. But it isn't terrible great, great at all. I love that they make the main character a little more intelligent and interesting. Also the story is a lot more realistic, it isn'nt a comedy, it is a drama, and the main characters are a lot stronger. Also some scenes have a different tone, some are not that funny at all, and some aren't. I liked the ending, the one with the girl and the other one with her mom, and I liked how they made the scene with the old man and how he was funny, but not dumb. The movie is cute and I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very fun and a good parody of the other, great Japanese animation films.  This is one of the very few Japanese animation to have been completely faithful to the original story.  The story, which is based on the same premise as the Animaniacs, is very simple and straightforward. It has many, many little jokes. The animators did a great job, especially the character designs, and the dialog is a classic.  It is not a bad movie, but a great parody of Miyazaki's Spirited Away.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful movie for anyone who likes a good story but still has a little imagination. The basic plot is based on the classic American pie, although it is a modern-day story, with a modern twist. The story is about an ambitious woman who is trying to get a job that she never got. Her father (John Cameron) is the local sheriff, and she wants a chance to prove herself. But when a strange neighbor (a very handsome man, John Lithgow) is found murdered and she doesn't see who she is looking for. The neighbor's house and the old woman's bed are the place to find the murderer. When she is found, her story becomes a real murder mystery.  This is a pretty good and simple story, but there are many things that can make the film better. It has an ending that you don't see coming, but is very exciting. It also has a plot that is somewhat similar to the one in "The Lost Boys", although not in plot or tone. It makes it even more realistic to watch.  The cast is also very good. The acting is pretty good, although you don´t know who is going to play the roles. A lot of the performances were okay. A few good performances and good performances, so they had good chemistry and the film was very good for the actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny, but disappointing, and touching film. The actors are good, and the story is moving. I found it touching and funny. I have never seen a film with such a simple message, and I am sure this film will not leave you neutral after viewing this film. It is about the power of friendship and how it makes us realize how fragile and sad people are. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when it first came out in 1994 and enjoyed it immensely. The movie is one of those great movies that has great acting and great film direction. I was impressed by the special effect in the film. It is a realistic depiction of how a film is made: the story is believable and I found myself not as easily moved as I was by the acting and the direction. The plot is also unique and I thought the story was interesting. The ending in the movie is a mystery in itself and I am sad to say that there are still many unanswered mysteries that could be told in this film. This movie shows that a person must be able to be fully involved in the story, in the editing, and even in the music and video production to create the right atmosphere.  If this movie was based on the true story, it would have taken a different path. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an independent (Dutch) drama which covers a number of serious topics: the evolution of a snail, the importance of nature, the relationship between man and nature. In this film, a group of scientists (Riedelsheimer, Hijmans, van Halt, van Dormael, van den Dormae, van Loon) work in a small Dutch village (Mannemans) to determine whether or not it is possible to make a difference between man's heart and nature, but what they find is that, although the people are not overly educated, they are very knowledgeable about the natural world. The movie covers these topics with a great amount of humour, and I can't say that I enjoyed it very much at all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie twice, and I am in awe of viewing it again. I loved the first film because it was a story of a young woman who was a model. It is not just a story about a man who seeks revenge for the death of his father, but a story that is about a young, naive woman who makes a decision that will not only end his life, but may also end up saving his father's life. The best part of the movie is the fantastic acting, fantastic camera shots and great direction. If you are like me and love this movie, you will probably be disappointed. If I was to rate this film, it would be 10/ masterfully crafted masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was about 11 years old, and it still haunts me today. I'm not going to go into detail about the plot, but I do want to stress that it was the first movie where I saw my favorite actors. I still do not understand why people get so bitter about the movie.  The movie is still pretty good, although it doesn't have the same dramatic tension as The Big Chill (although the latter is quite good).   I'm afraid the ending has been spoiled by the movie, and I would not want to spoil it for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely beautiful film! I have seen this film a lot, I'm really surprised at it's not better, but I'm still surprised at how great it is. So the premise is that the doctor is able to look into a guy's head and give him the answers to life, I found the story intriguing, and so I got intrigued, but it still surprised me, so great great acting and great beautiful cinematography masterfully crafted. The beautiful cinematographic scene where the doctor gives the patient the answer to life was breathtaking. This film is very powerful and I would love to see more of it, but this is a great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very creative, but sensitive, and heartfelt look at the human experience. It's a pity that so few movies from this era have been shot and edited in the same manner. This is not a film that is trying to shock, or shock people, but a movie that explores the very human experience, without the sensationalism that the majority of films of this era used to be so famous for.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been years since I saw this movie, so I thought I'd try and capture the feeling of my teenage years and maybe I can! I'm glad I did. It was one of the great movies I've ever seen! It was so good, so emotional, and so beautifully filmed that it was hard to put your finger on it. I loved it!!  The cast was also amazing, so special, and I loved all the girls who played their roles, and the guys who played the roles of the main characters, who were so awesome! They were all so great and talented, and were so funny and very well developed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie, it is not the movie that I have seen in a long time and the movie is not too emotional. I don't know what the people who watched it for loved it. I can't say, I wish I could. I have a feeling that the people that loved it and still do today probably will not get that same feeling after watching this movie.   This movie is really good, and it's a story of real people. It has a nice plot and nice acting. All in all I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to know more about the world and the people in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie, but I could not take my eyes away from the beautiful beauty of this movie. The acting is great, the story masterfully done and the beautiful cinematography masterfully beautiful. All of this together makes for great viewing. I am thrilled with all of this, and I am glad that this film, and this movie in general, touched me so much. This movie is a tribute to all the hard working artists of the world.  I am not sure how to rate this movie other than 10/10. I give this movie an amazing 7/10, a perfect 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first collaboration between director Michael Cooney and actor Robert DeNiro is a terrific, suspenseful and, very strange film. DeNIRO is one of the most mysterious and evil men I have ever seen. He is a doctor that gives his patients dreams, which turn out to be visions of the underworld. The visions of DeNuro are very disturbing and, at the end, he kills the patients that have seen his work. This is one disturbing and frightening film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In the early '80's, a group of British Columbian actors were to be found performing some of the most daring and over dramatic work of their careers. This film, the first movie to use a multi colored filter, is now being watched by a wider audience. The actors and crew are now going to have to go over and over again to be able to work with such brilliant cinematography masterpieces, as well as to find someone willing to put them in front of the camera.  This is a real great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen a few of John Carpenter's other work, but I found this one interesting, and I wanted to see it again, because I love the other Carpenter work, and found it to be very atmospheric and atmospheric. The plot is very suspenseful, and you have to wait until the end to see how it all pans out. The acting is masterful, especially from the leads, especially the guy who played the bad guy "Logan" and "Lorenzo", and the two young leads played by Cole and DeLuise. They all fit perfectly together, and the overall look is stunning, and so is the fantastic atmosphere created by the fantastic cinematography. I love Carpenter's work, he's a master at creating mood, and this film was an excellent one for him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is masterful, brilliant and great in every way, and it makes the whole movie great. The visual imagery and settings are stunning and wonderful. The soundtrack is beautiful and entrancing, and the magnificent cinematography is beautiful. I have rarely seen such beautiful cinematography and stunning imagery. I saw it in the cinema in the Netherlands, and after the film I felt like it could never get better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is a brilliant little film that's underrated, I'm not very sure if it's the master of all time classics like "The Bicycle Thief" or the modern noir films of Hollywood. It's not a "B" film but a well made film that has a strong message and is not for everyone.  It is definitely not for the weak minded but anyone with an open mind will probably enjoy this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of the masterpieces of the twentieth century. It was the first of a series of great film clips of the late 1930s, shot in the spectacular setting of the Grand Canyon. The story is very realistic and the film is full of adventure. The film is a bit slow, which is typical for a silent film, and lacks some big explosions. There are some big shots, and a few of them are very powerful.  I think that this is a film of interest, and there are quite a few people who disliked it. There is not much action, but there are some good scenes, especially a fight between the hero and some outlaws, and the hero gets his horse kicked by the horse, and some nice explosions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is of two young men trying to survive in a jungle. When their plane lands, they quickly become lost and are rescued by an American military helicopter.  After this incredible rescue, two men decide to take on a journey to the heart of the jungle to find their missing brother and in the process of trying to get their lives together, they meet a girl who they have become very close to and begin to form an unlikely friendship.    What this movie is good at portraying is that there is a strong theme of this young man's journey of selflessness, as he searches for the girl and his fellow travelers, the young men are in the jungle with no sense of direction or purpose, no direction at all, and no clue where they are. There is also a very strong theme in the movie of his mother's desire to save the life of her son.  The ending makes the theme clear and obvious. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes is at the beginning when guests on a private yacht discuss the nature of marriage with some very colorful characters and they seem to be discussing the concept of life in general.  This movie deals with that topic by showing the concept that life is too short, that life's events are just a succession of many small, seemingly insignificant things that happen in life and that we must either change our lives or be condemned to the dull existence we've been living.  There are a few obvious flaws in this film and they can be easily overlooked.  The most obvious is the lack of an ending. In fact, this is one of the great film endings I've seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite Twilight Zone episodes. It's not like the rest of the movie. The movie is very suspenseful and you don't feel bored throughout. The characters are all believable and I personally like how realistic the story is. I was not completely convinced about the ending. The best part of the whole movie is at the beginning when all of the characters talk about the great place they were going to go.  I would recommend this movie to anyone interested in a great story or a great horror flick. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this film on the IMDb website and thought I would add my 2 cents worth, so I started to watch it.  The scene where the mother dies in the hospital is one of the great scenes in movie history, I have seen thousands of films, and this was easily the best, I was amazed how brilliant this movie was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great, but there are some very funny scenes. I enjoyed the scene where the doctor is on the phone with his assistant and he is talking about the best movie of all time. I also enjoyed the other scenes.  Overall, this is a good, funny, romantic movie. I don't think it is a masterpiece, but a great movie. It could have been more dramatic, but I like the movie a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first story of the trilogy is a love story, but it quickly becomes a story about a very strange and serious illness. The plot is unusual, and in the end you are not convinced that the whole thing is real. It is a gripping story about illness and the ways in which it can be prevented or treated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am so glad I've seen this film. It was one of my favorite films of all time.  I love Rain Man, The Man with The Gun, A Most Dangerous Game and many other Hollywood films that try to be "art" films. But this is a real good film. I've heard of "The Black Cat" as a good film, and I've also heard of this film, but I didn't know what to expect. So I was excited to see this great film, so I got Rain Man and watched it. I was amazed at what I saw. I am a lot, I just loved it. And this film is amazing in the fact that it is so true to the original book. It has the same plot, but not the same style, but that works for me. I can't tell you how I feel about this film in my heart, and this is one of the many films that were not true to Rain Man's story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been a fan of "The Young Frankenstein" since the beginning of the late 1970's, and was surprised to see how far it had gone.  When I was a kid, I saw the movie as "a very good science-fiction adventure". This was a pretty accurate view, but the movie also had a pretty good message, I guess.  "The Old World" was also very good, but I don't think I really liked it as a movie. The only time I really saw the film was when my parents used to take me to see it with them, because I could see why it was called "The Wild One".  Overall, I thought the movie was awesome and very entertaining, but it is definitely not considered "great" by any of the other posters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first heard about this movie as a teenager, when I was a kid, I saw it when it came out, but I have never seen it again.  But, to my memory, it is the best movie I have ever seen. I am amazed, as a child, that such beauty could exist, even if I did not know it. The movie is filled with beautiful scenery, great music, and brilliant performances by the actors. The acting is first class. The story, written by a great story writer, is wonderful, and the movie shows the beauty of the story, with special attention to the story's beginning and end. The ending is touching, and I am so glad I have seen it.  I saw this movie with my children ages 4 and 5, and they all cried and fell in love with the movie. My oldest daughter cried when she saw the movie, and she cried for the movie as well.   I recommend this movie to anyone, even children, to see this movie. It is not so hard to learn how to get into this wonderful world, just like any other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't remember the first time i saw this show. I just stumbled on it one day on IMDb, and i saw a comment from somebody saying how the acting was great. I thought wow great, great great brilliant cast, great brilliant performances, great beautifully crafted story. Excellent FX, great music, great cinematography masterpieces, great creative choices. Brilliant performances, brilliant cinematography and masterpieces. Brilliant FX, brilliant music, brilliant FX and great cinematographic choices. Excellent use of music. Brilliant use of images and amazing FX, and beautiful use of colors. The show has aged well, but i have watched it since I saw it as a teenager, and I still can't believe it was one of the masterpieces of the FX industry. This is one of my favorite shows, i would recommend this to anyone. It is an awesome show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason to see this movie is if you're really bored, as there's great acting, great writing and great beautiful photography. It's a great movie for all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this film. I don't know how many people have seen it. I'm surprised that I haven't seen it in a long time. I wonder why.  The acting in this film is wonderful, great, great performances from some great actors. It's great, it's masterfully beautiful. The music is beautiful. And the movie is beautiful, brilliant. The cinematography beautiful. It is a wonderful masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie first on the SciFi channel, and I must say, it was amazing. I am really surprised. The story and the images in the movie are brilliant and I like to see the aliens as humans, but the way they interact and the amazing special effects are great.  This movie really has a good plot and I love it. I liked it more than the first movie, but that is really a choice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Slim Slam Slum" is a wonderful little movie. In a movie with a simple story, and a good cast, you have got to see it at the right moment.   "Gloria" is also very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an emotional, but sensitive and poignant movie about life, love, and family. It's a movie about love, about life and about life. It is like a film that never lets you down, even when things are going bad and things look hopeless.  This movie has all the right emotions, a lot like "Halloween" but is still scary and depressing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes is the scene with the police officer and the suspect (the latter is a good cop, a cop who has been framed by the DA) getting in touch with each other in the dark in the park. The acting is masterful, brilliant and wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the way this movie moves and works in a realistic way. The way that they build up this relationship is great, as is the acting, the direction and the cinematography, the beautiful locations, the amazing landscapes, and the beautiful people that populate these places. The beautiful people in this film are the same people that we all live in our dreams, and we don't realize it.  The actors, the scenery, the wonderful people, the gorgeous scenery... they all make this movie beautiful and moving, and I hope that it doesn't end up like that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A young woman (Susan Walters) finds a very strange note from a friend, and she reads it, and it changes her life. Susan finds herself in the middle of a strange chain reaction, and all she's not is a victim of destiny and the universe. The strange and very strange chain of events is what we see in this film. The movie is very suspenseful and interesting, but not to mention terrifying. The director, Susan Walters, and the writer, William R. Miller, have masterfully created a film that is creepy, and not just creepy, but very intriguing and thought provoking.  Susan Walters is an amazing film, very well directed, and brilliantly photographed. I really recommend this film to anyone interested in exploring this very strange world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the movie a lot and I think it has aged very well. The acting is great, especially from the two main actors - the actors really fit the part well.  The music is lovely and haunting, and the film really doesn't have any of the stereotypical clichés of a movie. It is a wonderful, atmospheric and intriguing story.   The cinematography is superb and well made. It has some great use of shadows and light and some lovely dark scenes, and I have noticed a lot of people complaining about this movie.  Overall, I loved this movie and recommend it to anyone interested in a creepy story. I love it and hope to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful and sad movie. I was really surprised how much i have come to expect from movies. I love the story, but i am not surprised. All i wanted was to see is the movie. Well i am very surprised. I have never seen a movie with such great acting, great settings, brilliant photography, brilliant cinematography, great direction, great cinematography. great film. And i thought it was beautiful and beautiful. I loved the first scene, the second scene was great. The movie is perfect and you have to see it to believe it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a simple and straightforward documentary about the life of a British soldier in the Second World War. The focus of the film is on the impact of war on the soldiers, their treatment and the way in which they tried to survive, with a particular emphasis on the treatment of the servicemen of the Royal Navy, the Royal Air Force and the Royal Marines.  It is unfortunate that this is one of the most well-known documentaries about WW2, and there is no doubting the sincerity of the troops in their treatment of a poor and defenceless country, in the face of the enemy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is one of the masterpieces in "The Golden Child" - a great adaptation of the novel "The Mother" (1873). "The mother" is played by actress Ruth Gordon as a young French girl in Paris who is fascinated by the life and works of Paris' most famous female artist and her interactions with men. The movie depicts an artist (Gordon) who is at the beginning of a career, while the film's main character is a young man (Pierre Fresnay). The film is about two careers of Gordon's. She starts off as an artist and as a secretary. Her career is going to be marred by the artist's sudden departure and the artist will have to find a way to move on and accept her own life.  The other main characters are played by Albert Lea and Claude Lelouchard. The two have a great relationship. Lea is playing a painter and Lelouard playing a secretary/artist. Leaver is also playing a great artist and a great man.  In addition to these two actors, the movie features other great performances. The best of the film is Jean-Pierre Jeunet's interpretation of "The Virgin" (1932), which is about an artist's life and his relations with his own sexuality and his work. "The Woman" is the movie's most faithful adaptation of that book.  "The Girl" is not a sequel to "The Young Girl of Rochefort" but a remake of "Roxanne" (1972) and "The Lady in the Moon" (1973). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at a small festival, and it was one of the masterpieces of the film. A very emotional and touching experience.  This is a sad movie with good acting, great directing, great camera shots, great editing, great direction, great beautiful settings, great settings and great story.  The direction is beautiful and the cinematography great.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie was the best, but the second was amazing! The best film of all time! This is a beautiful, sweet, and surprisingly short movie!  The story is very simple, but I don't want to spoil anything for you. I will tell you more in the next weeks, so keep watching!  This is also a very good and sweet movie! It is one of the greatest movies ever made! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been so long since my last time watching this movie and I was amazed to find that it was on Showtime, I haven't seen it on TV since and it was probably better than anything I've ever seen, but this movie is great. I remember watching it when I was a kid, and I'm not even sure why. I think it may be the best movie I've seen and I am surprised it still isn't over after 30 years, it's amazing. I've watched it many times, and it still seems fresh and unique. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the first of three straight Z-Bros films directed by director Sidney Lumet and the second of two in which Lumet traveled to Hollywood with a script which was to be written by the famed playwright Herbert Marshall. The story of a film which explores the plight of the African American family is as complex and beautiful as any other of Lumet's films. The director also made his first feature, and although not in the same class as Lumet, the story of "Wuthering Heights" is no less depressing, nor is it much less depressing than the plight which the African family endured at the hands of white "Bugs Bunny" and the others.   In this film, Lumet is not as great as in his other films, but he is at least as good as the two previous films in which he made the same type of films.  This is the story in which the director makes a statement of race in the most extreme way possible. He is not a white nationalist, he is a black nationalist.  If you have not seen this film yet, go see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces of the history of war 2/3/4. The acting is masterfully done and the direction brilliantly presented and the music is appropriately chosen to match the mood of the time. The last major production of this war 2 movie was in 1994. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second collaboration between Mr. Antonioni and Mr. Giannini, the former being the master of the films "The Last Picture" and "La Sanguinusa". Antonion was to be married to a beautiful young American woman, Maria Giannin, with whom he had made up a love story. She was the one to decide whether the marriage was to stay or not, and he made his choice well, for he had seen too many movies from American people, so he thought that this was not one of his favourites. In the end, she accepted the proposal.  This film was the second part of Giannino's "La Bête" and was in fact not one more great movie, but more a romantic, romantic one. Antonioli and Giannoni played the part of a couple of older people who had a good time together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great example of how the French countryside can provide the perfect environment for a movie that will capture the essence of the French Revolution.  The film is based on the book by Bernard Blier, and is in some ways a more accurate version of that book. It has the same name as the book, and the same characters. It is just a brilliant and wonderful adaptation of a very famous book. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I don't think I've seen an Australian film so beautifully photographed and thought provoking since "Crocodile Dundee" but "Whipped" is a very powerful and disturbing thriller that could very well have been a masterpiece.  It is the story of a Sydney lawyer and her journey into the underworld, as she seeks her destiny and the hidden potential she holds.  The story of how she finds herself entangled in a world of criminal activities, as well as those of her fellow clients and the authorities is told in chilling flashbacks, interspersed with flashbacks of whiting out loud.  "Whipping" has an atmosphere that is very much akin to that of "The Tenant" or "A Nightmare On Elm Street", but in many respects these films are far better.  I think the best way to describe it would be "shock-drenched".  It has plenty of violence, a few graphic killings and a good few sex scenes, but I still think it is appropriate for children under 10.  Whipped does an incredibly good job of making you question what is the nature of reality and what is reality.  My rating: 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was never a big fan of Stephen Rea, but he was excellent in this movie. He made a great performance and he was able to bring out his true feelings about how things happened in his life in the most powerful and tragic way.  The film was an amazing experience, with the actors, the music, the settings, and everything beautiful.  It was so moving and beautiful, that it was sometimes difficult to know where it was going. It was hard to put your finger on it. I just don't think about it much. It's a sad movie and if you are depressed you will love this movie, if you don't you will probably just hate it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of two very successful women who find their true selves in a hospital and the relationships they form there. The acting is beautiful, great acting in every role. And the cinematography masterpieces are stunning and creative.  It is a must-see for anyone who likes to see something new. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to laugh at the same time as you like slapstick comedy, this is the movie for you. This is the perfect movie to watch when you need some laughs with your friends. It's a good laugh that you will remember for all eternity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the touching and romantic story of two people in their 30s and 40s, a father (Brian White) and his son Adam (Matthew McConaughey). Both are on the rebound from the life of being a married couple and both have their eyes on the stars. When a family friend (Vincent Spano) brings them a visit from their youth, both see the stars and the moon as they have in their youth. Both want to know and accept something new. When their father, played by the late William H Macy (a former TV reporter and director), says the moon is a planet, the two have to decide whether or not to accept the moon and live on it.  This story never strays from the story of the two young lovers and the family life that they live together. The only drawback I found in this movie is the presence of two stars who I would have liked to have seen replaced by their own. This movie just adds to the beauty of the movie and it is nice to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the ultimate romantic movie about a lonely woman (Kirshner) and her quest to find a lover and ultimately find fulfillment and fulfillment.  I saw this movie when I was 18 years old and I am still reeling from it's impact on me as a film student.  In my opinion, "The Last Picture" is a magnificent film and should be viewed by any person looking for a good romance.   It is a romantic and bittersweet story of a woman's search for meaning, self-sacrifice and fulfillment through a film that, if not for the excellent acting, direction and cinematography by Peter O'Donnell, would have easily made it into the Top 250 films of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the funniest movie I have ever seen. The film is funny, the songs are perfect and the ending is good. A perfect film for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I love this film and hope that it inspires some other people to come to their senses and see that the human spirit is not just a blank, lifeless body with a mind. It is a living, breathing human being. This film is not made by an acting studio. It was created by a talented team of artists, each with a strong vision, and it all comes together beautifully to make a beautiful, touching, beautiful movie. It's really that great.  I'd love to see this film again, it's a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful story that was written in the early days of cinema in America, The Man In The Moon is a great film for all ages.   The plot is simple: an ex-GI is taken to a hospital by his GI brother.  The brother is very disturbed by what he sees and is very frightened.  When his brother, a GI who had never left the hospital, gets to the hospital and tells his story, the director, John Ford, and the actors, all do very well.  One of the great mysteries of this film is why does the GI leave his hospital and go into a new world.  Also, this is a good mystery to anyone who likes great mystery movies.  This is one of the few films that has a real story and not a cheesy film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of my favorite scenes of the movie. It had some great acting, especially from the cast. The best part of the film was the ending where the main character is shown to be in the hospital. He's there for treatment of his wounds. There's also a good scene where the nurse and the patient are talking about life and how they feel about each other.  The story is about the main characters and their experiences. The hospital scenes are also interesting. The story in the story is really interesting. It can also be scary and scary. It also has some great suspense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is an old and well-known one of the first female directors to make a film in Hollywood history. She is an up-and-coming woman in need of an opinion on her sexual life and needs to see a psychiatrist.   This is the story of a young woman who comes across a strange man, and he has a surprising cure for his loneliness: he is a doctor. And he is able to give her the cure for loneliness.  This movie was well done in parts, with good acting, good directing and a great theme. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "RACE WITH THE DEVIL"    I've been watching the film on tape for years, ever since I was a kid. It still haunts me.   One of the great things about this film was the use of some of the newer music. It was enjoyable.  Another good aspect of the film is the "chicken song" at the beginning. That song was cute.  I would recommend this film for children and teens. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen the movie on Cinemax recently and it is a fascinating experience, so I decided to watch it again with a group of friends and it was great.   One of the good films of the last decade was "Maniac: The Dead Code" by Joseph Sarno, but with the addition of "Deliverance" and "Sawdoom" (I had never heard of these movies), the Italian horror-movie has become the benchmark in the horror-franchise. It certainly has a nice pedigree, since the first film "Alucarda" is a "good" horror-film, so is this one also?  "Deliveance" is simply the master of horror-drama in the most convincing way, so if you liked "Deliving Dr. Frankenstein", you'll love "DelIVERANCE".   The story itself is very interesting, so watch it and discover for yourself.  I also thought that the characters were quite fascinating. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a pretty unusual movie from the first ever animated feature. It was very funny and I still find it to be somewhat corny. It also has a pretty good plot and I found it very easy to follow and I was able to predict the dialog pretty accurately. I think this movie is very original and I would recommend it to any animation fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good story and is probably one of the greatest American film I've ever seen. The movie is a good story, very touching and there is good acting in it.  If you like the movie and are interested in American history, the movie is pretty good. The main actors are Thomas Jefferson, John Adams and Andrew Jackson. All the other main actors have pretty good performances.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only flaw I could see about this film was the ending which I thought was pretty corny. All in great beauty and great performances from all the cast and the beautiful setting. The beautiful garden setting and the great sets and beautiful location made this a wonderful film. It was great viewing and great fun to watch. All of the actors played wonderfully and the camera was wonderful beautifully. I recommend this film to anyone with a big imagination. 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is one of my favorites. It is so unique and original. You don't have to be a B5 movie buff to enjoy it. This movie is for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this as a child. My father bought it for me when I was about 3.  I was really disappointed.  It was one of those quirky, almost art-house movies, with some good songs, and a good acting. The movie was fun and very predictable, with lots of great moments, and it was not all that boring.  But the real magic was in the beautiful garden and the way the trees were connected to the other life forms in the garden. The whole place was magical.  My favourite scenes are the beginning and the end, and the music video was also great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was fantastic in my opinion. It's one of those great romantic anime that had a great plot, but was well-made and beautiful. The story is set in a modern Japan, where an intelligent robot, called Uni (played by Toho) is kidnapped by the military, and they take her to the underground city of Koyaan to find her missing brother, who has been kidnapped by an extremist terrorist group, who wants to use her to complete their own revolution, and he has a plan to use his new friend, Uni's friend Takashi (a man played by Tohji Yamamoto) to complete the plan. The other two love interests, Masako (Tamiyo Kusakari) and Harako (Ei Yamamoto), are kidnapped by terrorists. They meet in a bathhouse, and the terrorists take the opportunity to kidnap them, as well as their employer, who happens to be the Commander of the Underground, Takashi's boss. The terrorists use the bathhouse to make their plans, and a fight breaks out between them and the military. When the terrorist group is defeated by the government, the government forces the terrorists to pay for their actions, and as payment they must return to Japan. The government forces their return, and demands that they be handed over to them. Takashi refuses to return, so the terrorist leader gives his new name to Masako and Hara. The terrorist leader's new name is Takahisa, and his new mission is to stop the underground movement, so he leaves to go to the mainland with his new girlfriend, Harako.   The story of the underground fight, the revelation of the truth of the existence of the terrorists, the new political situation in Japan, and how it all affects the future of the two main characters, is a lot like "Ichi the Killer" (another romantic anime). Ichi the killer is very anti-government, as are the terrorists. It makes a great deal of sense, and it's all down to the actions of the government. The characters are so believable and natural, that I was so impressed by how beautiful and natural the story was, that it was difficult to put my finger on it.  I think this movie will be remembered for its romantic ending. The only negative point in the entire movie, in my view, is that the movie has some of the most emotional music in the history. I'm unsure if this was intended to be romantic or not,
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film to be moving and beautiful in a way that many of the more emotional and serious films do. It made me angry, upset, hurt, and repressed all at the same time. It didn't try to hide the real issues that plague the world (drugs, alcoholism, and alcoholism) but instead let the real problems show through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been a big fan of Dali and have been very interested in his movies for quite some time now, and this one was just what I needed.  It is a very surreal and very dark movie, a mystery in the beginning, followed by a long journey to the island of Bela and to the mysterious island of Ceylon. It is very hard to know the island in which it is set, but I am going to try.  I am glad I saw this movie, I would have liked to see a movie like this. I am very interested and would like to read the book, and have already read some books about the island, I think I can guess where it is. I think that this movie is great, but the movie is not a perfect movie.   I would like my money back, so I can buy the DVD with my friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a young couple in a small town, on the way to a funeral. They arrive at a cemetery in the middle of the night, and decide to visit the resting place of their deceased friend, but a beautiful surprise. The husband has been dead for 20 years, and the wife is grieving the loss of her husband.  While waiting at the cemetery, the two talk, and it seems that they both have a long way to go before their grief and happiness can finally come together.  This is a touching story of the two people's search for one another. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great cast of the series made a strong impact on the television drama and the people who watched the show. The movie focuses on the relationship between two main characters: an American (played by David Spade) and a Canadian (played with an anglophile in love to the show). The ending could have been a much stronger story, and the characters more complex. This show has something to say about every day life in Canada: we have to make a choice between work and family; or living off the system. I think we can all do better than that. I hope this show lives on for many years to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was the perfect romantic movie for me. A very touching, romantic movie with a great love story. The movie is a romantic fantasy, which could not be further from the truth. However, I could see myself getting attached to this movie. I am a person who loves movies that make me feel something and that is what I felt about this movie! The romance was great, and I have to say that I think it was very believable.  I will say that in the beginning I thought that the movie was very dramatic and not cheesy. In the end, I was very surprised to find that the story was a real life story with very realistic characters and situations. It was so great, that I was not able to tear up the DVD after seeing it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of the movie was so great, i had to rewind and watch again. it is brilliant and so beautiful, the music is beautiful and beautiful and the plot is beautiful, but i enjoyed the movie for what it is. it was good that i saw it on such a low budget, because i thought the movie did very well, it was very entertaining and beautiful.  I loved the first half of the film very much, i just love it and i hope the movie will get better. it has the best ending in the movie, i am surprised i have to write this comment, I love the ending very much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie first on the IMDB, and I enjoyed it a lot, but after the first half I didn't feel like it anymore, and that's the reason why it didn't have a rating. I was kind of disappointed, because I really like the concept of a movie with a concept, and this movie succeeded in that respect. So I'm glad to have seen it again, and hope to get to see it again soon.  This is the best movie I've seen, with great acting, great cinematography, great use of colors and great directing. A perfect film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only drawback to this excellent film is if you are not a big Ramones fan, as I am, but if you enjoy the band then I guess you will enjoy this movie.  However, the plot is not that great. It is quite clever and the story is a good one. So, if you like the Ramones then I would say go watch this movie, but as for the rest of us, we are going to enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I could, I would give this 10/10, even though the score is an hour and a half long, and the action is so diverse, fast, and detailed that it takes your breath away! A real masterpieces! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't think anyone could really help understand why this movie isn't on the best of the best at all. The film is wonderfully paced, beautifully photographed, beautifully sung and the songs are great. I found myself not wanting to go to the end because I was so captivating.  I found this movie to be touching and inspiring.  My rating of the film is a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last movie was a great step up for the young talent that is now beginning to realise the true meaning of friendship. This is a film about the realisation that this is not just a film, that is, a real person. The main character of the film is now called 'Nick', a boy that is on the verge of becoming a professional football player, and that it could be him. The other characters in the film are a few of the others that Nick has met in the game, who are now all real friends, and are now the players in a truly weird yet dysfunctional world. The rest of the cast are all equally interesting. This film is far from being a depressing movie, but rather something that celebrates friendship and the everyday person in a weird way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of this film is something that I have never seen before, and i am not going to give any spoilers for those who are interested in the movie, but if you like watching a great movie this is one you don't want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is one of the great indian movies made in india in the 70's. A group of four women drive around in four days from Koyi, the capital city of koyi. They have a big problem: the road is not paved, there are many obstacles. The women are able to make it on their own. But the women who are part of this group get the best out of the film.  The four women are aunts, the nani is a servant, a chikul and the chhaya is a maid. The nani and the maids were not married. They were living in a house together, and it was the nanti that guided them to this wonderful life.  All the actors turn in great performances. A wonderful film. 8.5/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the first feature film for director Robert Siodmak. He's the best known of the early Siodvics and has released some fine films but this one is unique. The story is based on a true story of a man's struggle with alcoholism, drug abuse, and the negative side effects of his illness.  It's not a film for those who are interested in alcohol abuse. It's a film about life with a positive view of life, drug use, and alcoholism. The ending may be a bit strange, but Siodman found it touching and sad.  The film is not very long, and while I don't have much of an opinion on the story, it is very good. The acting is great, and you don't even notice the characters until the end credits roll.  Overall, great film, and recommended for those interested in alcoholism, substance abuse, drug and drug abuse. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really loved this movie. I am a huge Ramones fan, and i loved the scene where the two boys were playing at a game in the old video store. This movie is the funniest thing ever. The acting is great, the movie is great and the jokes are great. I think this is one of the masterpieces of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic romantic comedy that is funny, and down to heart.  This film is based on the true story of the relationship between the two main characters, as told to me by their mutual friend.  The film's main characters are the main characters in their lives. The other actors in this movie are a few of their friends, one of whom has fallen in love with them.  I enjoyed the fact that the relationship ended only because the two lovers found each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "La Luna" was the first of Robert Altman's American films. It is very funny, with Altman, playing a very strange, lonely young woman, that comes across a strange book in her bathroom that turns out to be the perfect murder weapon. The movie is not all Altman. He is great as usual. Altman plays a very good character, with his own style, and he is a very interesting and charming guy. He has a good sense of humor and a good relationship with his family, but he is not Altman that well. He's the man that the book is about, not that much is. In the book, Altman is a perfect person. But in the movie, he just comes across as so odd, that you don't know whether he's a man or a book. He isn't as good, he's the perfect guy. His acting is great, the story funny, and the movie well done. Altmann is a master of understatement. The way he manages to make a film so original and believable is genius. He really works on the film and it is a great compliment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those quirky, and beautifully photographed, portraits of the life of one American family in Israel, one that has been upro from their homes by war, and one that remains unsure of what is the right path for them, their families, and their future. The filmmaker, the cameraman, the editor, the sound recorders, all brilliantly convey their feelings in a compelling, documentary style, while at the same time questioning what it is that drives them.  This movie is, without a doubt, one of the masterpieces in the history of independent cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that you have to see. It is a very emotional and beautiful movie. It's about a woman who has made her dreams come true. She has finally found something that she's not able to give up. The movie was very moving and it made me cry and feel happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a really original and brilliant look at how a film can be made to tell a story in a natural way. It was made to show the audience the real feeling of the people in the community. The story is one of the most important parts of any film. A simple story can have a great impact on how it is perceived and made by the audience.  The story itself is very believable and is the kind that any film should not try to show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies you never heard of, because of the many different people who saw it and loved it. The acting is masterful and masterful, and the cinematography brilliant. The music is beautiful and moving, and it makes you feel the pain of the aging process, even if you can't see it. If you have any idea about life or the aging, this is not a bad movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot was great and the performances wonderfully diverse. The script was beautifully written and the diverse characters wonderfully developed and brought life to their characters.  I loved this film for the first time. I am glad I went to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I'd like to say that I have to be honest, but I loved the movie, especially the ending where Samantha and John are in love and have to choose between the two of them. And that is one of the most heart-breaking endings I've ever seen. And I haven't seen the movie yet!  The other great scene is where John and Samantha are having a wonderful conversation about the best thing they've ever done. And to conclude, I would love to see the movie again with the two sitting together in the house. It was one of those "how can I ever forget" endings where the characters are so real and so real that you don't care if they get to choose what they want to do, they just have to make it happen. And then, you have to love the end. That's great. I really hope that I'll get the chance to see this movie again, and to see how it ends.  I would like to thank everyone involved in making this great movie. The brilliant cinematography, great acting and great music are amazing. This movie was wonderful and brilliant! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a good message and is good at all. It is very funny, it is very touching and it is an alright movie for a few people.  The movie is about a couple of 14 year old boys who are in love with each other. They have to find the courage to stand up for each other and find a way to live their dreams together. They are unsure about their dreams and are afraid of their imaginary friends.  I laughed and laughed because I am not a 14 year-old boy, I am a 30-something woman who still lives with her parents and is unsure about what she wants in life.  So I watched this movie with my 30-30 friends and I have laughed at it and it has become my all time favorite movie ever.    I am very happy with the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is brilliant in that it is so well made and beautifully photographed, but it was shot in a few days and captured the essence of a movie. I found it to be the most beautiful movie I have ever seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is a very interesting film. It has all the classic characteristics of a mystery/thriller: intrigue, mystery, mystery...  A well-crafted script, intriguing special effects, good cinematography and great performances. The special effects are fantastic, and the cinematography master is brilliant. The best performances are the lead actors: Denzel Washington as a former FBI agent turned pacifist, Robert Stack as a CIA operative turned pacifists, and Leonard Nimoy as a sort of "no-nonsense" FBI agent. Nimoy's performance is probably the best in the history of American films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best way to describe this movie is that it is a modern update on the story of the war that was fought in World War II.  This movie does not take place on the Korean peninsula as it has been portrayed, it takes place in Asia and the war in Korea was fought there not there. The war lasted from 1950 to 1953 and it was not a civil war like the one fought in the Pacific in 1945 or the one that was waged in the jungles of Ceylon in 1943. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is difficult to determine how many movies from the 1940s are truly historical documents. What we have here is a fascinating, fascinating, and sometimes disturbing study of the life of one woman and the people who were affected by war and industrialization in the 20s. It is the subject matter that makes the movie work.  The story involves the relationship of a young woman to her father and the involvement of the war and her mother in the process of industrialization, but it is a complicated tale. The main characters are all female workers, living in the same apartment building and affected by the war.  One of the more disturbing scenes is the interaction between the woman and her father, as they discuss how to cope with the lack of income and the war, and how to make a living. It makes one sad for a mother to talk about such things, when a young girl is asking the question and her parents reply that it is too bad and too much.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I love Rain Man with Dustin Hoffman and Tim Robbins, and think the same is true of this movie. It is the movie that was made for everyone to get Rain Man, but I have seen it all, and there is no one in this magnificent cast that has a similar background to Rain Man. This movie is not just about Dustin Hoffman, Tim Robbins and other famous actors, it is about the real people who played in this movie, and the real person who made the movie, Rain Man!   I have watched this movie at least 5 times in my life, and I recommend that you do, too.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love all the comments I read on IMDb about this movie. I have seen it about 5 times and every time it gets better!  I would have to say that I don't have much to say about this film, it is brilliant and unique. I would highly recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite directors ever, and the first one ever to show me a story of an autistic individual and his relationship with his family. The story is about how Albert, a normal guy who is on the autism spectrum, has a brother and sister on his parents' couch. The mother is not able to take care of the autistic child, but her love for Albert causes them to lose the ability to communicate.  The mother has many doubts about Albert's ability to take responsibility for his brother's actions, and she has doubts about the love she feels for Albert. She tries to get Albert to take his medication and has doubts that Albert can even recognize his own thoughts.  Albert and his sister try their best to communicate with Albert, and their interactions do not show a positive view of Albert.  This movie will be available on DVD sometime in 2006, and I would like to get a copy of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In the early years of the Space Race, the United States had no knowledge of the existence of space travel, the International Space Organization had only just declared that the earth was the center of the universe, and the Russian and American space agencies had developed their own means of communication, each was in constant communication with the other, and each nation had its own unique language.  In this context, I was not expecting to enjoy this film, but after seeing the magnificent sequence of images and animation, I realized that it was not a Disney film, it was a truly inspiring and beautiful story.   This was one of the most powerful and uplifting messages of all time, but it had to be told by the most humble of voices. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I liked this movie for the first time i've seen it, but i was pleasantly surprised by how great it was. I'd seen it before, but watching it again i can see how great the movie was. The music is great and great, the beautiful cinematography masterfully captures all of the mood and tension of the story, the music is lovely and the story is touching. I love this movie, its a masterpiece, it's like a great movie, i love it, and i don't want to watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the very end of the story this movie has a great meaning and the audience may have to question if there really is something to see in life and if not this movie may have helped them in the end.  This movie may not be the greatest film ever. It has it's share of critics and other comments that it will lose with time.  If you haven't seen it then check it out. I would recommend it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the great movie for my little sister's birthday. The two young ladies are going to be together for a picnic. There are lots of fun things to do and there are lots to say.  It's the kind of movie that you don't get bored of seeing. There is a lot of fun to be had. It is fun and easy to forget that this movie is short. It has the classic happy ending, too. My little sister was very surprised when she got to see it, and she even cried. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you don't like the movie, then you have probably seen it. I've seen it many times in my time, and this time I really wanted to see it again. It is a very interesting and twisted movie, and it makes the most of the opportunity.  It was a nice idea, but I found the acting superb. It was fun to watch some of the characters go through their day to day lives, and the movie showed them off. The movie is very touching and it has a very good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie when I saw it as a child as a kid, and the other two were all much scarier. I had heard the story since I was about 10 and the movie was the first movie I saw. The story was very interesting, but I didn't really understand it. The acting was great great great brilliant beautiful great fantastic great beautiful great beautiful wonderful great great beautiful beautiful great great stunning beautiful great amazing wonderful beautiful great magnificent great great amazing amazing beautiful amazing great beautiful brilliant great great incredible wonderful great stunning stunning amazing great great wonderful amazing great wonderful great beautiful amazing beautiful stunning beautiful amazing amazing amazing great amazing beautiful beautiful amazing stunning great stunning great great fantastic stunning amazing beautiful great stunning amazing stunning beautiful beautiful beautiful stunning great beautiful stunning brilliant beautiful amazing brilliant beautiful stunning stunning beautiful wonderful amazing stunning stunning great amazing great stunning and amazing great fantastic amazing great beauty beautiful amazing gorgeous beautiful beautiful breathtaking beautiful stunning wonderful stunning beautiful stunning and beautiful amazing magnificent beautiful beautiful gorgeous beautiful stunning amazing wonderful amazing beautiful beauty stunning beautiful and amazing amazing gorgeous and stunning beautiful breathtaking great great breathtaking great beauty stunning stunning beauty stunning great beauty great beautiful gorgeous and amazing beautiful and beautiful stunning. I loved it and would recommend it to anyone. I will watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films that you watch when you're just looking for something to pass the time, and it works wonderfully. I loved the way that the story moves, and the cast.  The story is about a father that is going through his life, and his life changes are reflected in his son's life, as he is constantly being bullied by his peers, his family, and by a school bully.   The film is a very interesting take on the story of bullying.  It is directed by Neil Young, who also wrote the play.  I can't help but compare this film to other films of his era, and they are good, but I don't think this film is bad at all.  In my opinion, it is an excellent film, but there are a lot of films that are good at the same time, but this one is amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of my favorite movies in history. It is the most realistic, beautiful and shocking movie I have ever seen. It shows us that children are so intelligent and so emotional that they can't help but be very emotional. They are so proud and sad that something happened to them. It makes them sad and angry. It doesn't show us that they are helpless, fearful and depressed. It gives us a story that is very human and very painful.  This movie has been on the IMDb for over a year and over 1,000 people have voted on it. I don't know why. I just love the idea of this movie. The acting is great and the music is beautiful. This movie isn't so much a horror movie as it is a human story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Prelude" is a quiet, yet dramatic, almost film noir horror-noir film with a twist of irony. The plot is an old one: a couple of college students make their way through a secluded, Gothic mansion and the Gothic horror atmosphere grows and the two slowly find their way to the end of the staircase, a place of ancient Gothic architecture, and a place where the Gothic horrors lurk, and there's only one (small) staircase. They're surrounded by the Gothic atmosphere. The pacing is fast, the lighting beautiful, and the atmosphere haunting.   I liked "PRELude" and the movie seemed very well-crafted, so the cast is excellent, and I have to recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie with a good story.  The music is very fitting for the characters, and it has a very good flow to it, and all in all, the movie is good. The camera is excellent, and the film captures the essence of the game of chess. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good and touching story about a mother who finds out about her mother's death by drowning, and comes to realize that there is something "behind her". Her daughter, played wonderfully by the lovely Rita Hayworth, is haunted by visions of her dead mother. She tells her story in flashback to her daughter, but it's a different story than the one the previous generation of mothers has been told.    The ghostly and haunting mother is haunted in a hospital. There she meets an old lady who has a son with a serious case of psychological problems. There they find a book of spells in a bookcase that spells out everything they need to know about their situation, and she begins reciting spells.  This is a very chilling movie, but not as gory as "The Exorcist" or "The Mother". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is about a young couple who become interested in the life of a widower. When a chance meeting occurs they decide to see this film together and see what they can learn from one another. I think that the film is good in showing the interplay of the two main characters in a believable way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite directors, "Gloria" is one of the masterpieces. I don't know if this movie is one great film in general, or one great in particular. It is so unique, I have never seen it, but I can't wait to see it! It is one that makes you think, so you are probably not expecting something completely wrong with the world.    "Glimpse" is a film that is unique in a few aspects. There are a few well known, but very short movies. However, this one has a good concept, which has some of the same themes as "The General".   There are two different movies in this, but both have something similar in common. "Gomaniac" is the weird and gory, but the concept is not that unique. It does not have a great concept. However "Gymaniac", on the other hand, has a weird concept and is very unique.  "The Demon" is another weird, which is similar to "Gimaniac". It has a similar concept and a very unique concept.  Overall, this movie isn't a bad movie, so it is worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie on the first day of the 2005 Palm Springs International Film Festival. It's a strange film, but there are so many things that it masterfully captures. I don't have much to say about the plot, because I don´t know. The acting is great, and the beautiful scenery is beautiful. The music is beautiful, and some of the songs are so lovely, that you can´t tell what is the plot of the movie. The story is good, but the acting and the story´s direction makes this film a great masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't think that this is a typical "Gloria" movie as the title implies. The story is actually quite different from the movie "Gig Young" that was released just a year before. "My Favorite Year" is much more like "The Shop Around the Corner" (the movie "Mystery Men" is not the same) but it is a fun and energetic movie with very good direction and great music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that explores the world of a family with a parent that is a cop, a soldier, and a father that is just about to go home. The film follows them on their daily lives, as they work, play, and even cry out loud for each other. The result is a realistic portrayal of family life, one that is believable, not cheesy, and it is not preachy. It shows the power of family that people can have in one life.  This movie is not a propaganda movie, it is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As much as I dislike being a complete movie, this one is definitely not a complete film. I liked the acting, the beautiful scenery, the great acting, and especially the great music. I don't understand how the story is so beautiful. It is very dramatic, full of beautiful cinematography, fantastic settings, and great acting. It was beautiful in the end, and this is why it was so much better than the typical romantic anime.  I love the first episode, and will watch it again and again, because of the beautiful cinematographic, breathtaking landscapes, and brilliant acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a rare movie that I would rate highly here, but it's worth watching. It's beautifully shot and the plot is strong, especially considering the time. The story is very interesting and it doesn't take long before it comes to an interesting conclusion.  I loved this film and recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A small town, high school teacher, is torn by what to do with his life and what's he's become, but it's up to his friends and their dreams to try and save his life.  In the past, the teacher had a great life, but not this one. Now, after his friends die, he's up for his dreams and the whole town is his dream place.   I really enjoyed this movie, but if you like small town American history, or any other kind of small town films, you'll love it. I know it's not a movie to make fun of, but I love them, and this is a perfect example. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Dangerous" is a great and scary movie with a very good plot and scary effects. The film is scary, dark and extremely scary, but there are few scary movies in the world, but this one is definitely scary! Very impressive! The first and only scary moment in the movie is very scary. It is scary and very scary! The most terrifying moment in this scary movie is when the creepy killer's mask slips off and he is seen to be scarred and pensive! His eyes are full of hatred and his body is covered with wounds. His clothes are covered with so many red marks that he is completely covered with it. His eyes and mouth look so unnatural and his face is so scarred that it almost looks beautiful! It is really scary and dark! This movie is great, I give it a 7 out of 10. It will keep you scared and scared for 2 hours! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the masterpieces of the 20th century. A film was not made every day, and in the same period of time as the Titanic was, Titanic was the most popular film of all time.  The story of this story is of a young couple that are traveling on a canoe trip on the Grand Banks of the Canadian Rockies.   The actors are good, the cinematography master works beautifully, the camera is breathtaking, and the film is stunning.  This movie is not for everyone, and anyone with a good heart will probably get some enjoyment out of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The acting masterfully crafted a great movie. The direction brilliantly captures the feel of a high school play, while the characters are believable. The great acting also works wonderfully.   Overall, great movie with good music, a very well constructed script, great special effects, and great music.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this film on a whim and was amazed when I found that it was made in 1976! I remember sitting in the theater wondering what the great Dr. Fu Manchu was going to do. Well he created an incredible masterpiece of his own! Wow fantastic and amazing! Wow brilliant! Wow beautiful! Wow amazing! I still have it taped to my VCR. It is a great movie that will entertain you. The movie is full of fantastic character performances and great music. The DVD is also available. It contains the complete song and dance sequence and some other scenes, such as the opening of the movie and the scene where Dr. Manchu is talking to a group of girls in the garden! I have seen this movie a few times and am surprised that I do not know how to dance or what songs I can remember. I do remember the song "The Golden Child" and the dancing at the beginning of the film, so I am not sure why I do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is set in the fictional world of a small Italian village. The inhabitants, who are proud of their Italian heritage and culture, try to live their traditional way of life. The film follows these people as they try to escape the urbanisation and the modern way of thinking. The story is about the struggle of these characters to overcome their urbanisation. I found this film quite realistic.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best and most complete and definitive documentary about the world of professional boxing, the director of "Korean Box Office" examines the relationship of the various boxers and their managers. The interviews of the former world champions in the sport, including James "Warnell" Ermey, and the legendary champion, "Hoechul, Eul, Goven" Hyun-Hoe, is worth listening to. The film covers the controversies that occurred during the years of amateur boxing and the results of their fights are so interesting, but are a complete and utter disappointment. It is also so rare that the film is rarely screened on Korean TV. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The main theme of the movie is about how the life of a homeless person and a homeless family in the city of Melbourne are intertwined. This theme is a real one as the two main characters are living in the same area, and they have both got their own problems.  There are also many small touches and humorous scenes that are so touching you can't stop laughing!  Overall this is a very good movie, if you have any problems with the movie, it's not hard to find them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say I think that this is a good show! It is one of those shows that has great acting (I enjoyed Rain Man and this is another great show with great acting). I am very interested in Rain Man but I'm also very interested and this show is definitely not like Rain Man! I am surprised that there are people out there who likes it and they are not going to watch the show. I also think that there will be many people who will not like this show.  In conclusion, I recommend this show to any Rain Man fan and if you want to see one show, you will probably like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a very good romantic movie. It's not like other romantic movies. It doesn't take long before the chemistry between the main characters is amazing. The actors all have great chemistry and you feel like they are all "one person". The main character is believable and you have to see the whole movie. Also, I enjoyed the story and found myself drawn into the movie and waiting for it to end.  I recommend this movie to anyone. If you like a good romantic story, or love to see more, this is the movie for you. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I really liked the movie because it was very emotional and because the acting was great masterfully done and beautiful and the plot brilliant. The story is very good and the movie is very emotional, and I think the best film in the world was this one, and it was also emotional. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is a wonderful example of the great European Gothic cinema from the 10th century, but it is not without its faults. The acting is fine and detailed, the cinematography masterfully directed, and the music by one of the greatest Italian composers of the period, Rino Donaggio. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have always been a big fan of anime, but this was my first anime I ever saw that was really close to the real world. I found this series quite interesting, but it was really great, I was surprised with the whole series. The animation was amazing, and the whole characters were really beautiful. I hope that there will be more anime series like this one, maybe next time. This is a really good series. I recommend it to everyone. I don't recommend this one for people interested in watching anime. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a child I was very fascinated by the life of an orphanage. I remember sitting in the waiting room with my parents and grandparents. We all got excited by the sight of a child playing in the dark. I don't remember ever enjoying a film as much as I did watching "Hodet Over Vannet". I remember my mother and grandmother talking about how much they miss their childhood and how much it was. They never wanted to be reunited with their children, but they were happy to have them visit their relatives and to have the children play in the garden. "Hobgoblins" was released in 1958, and it is still one of my least favorite films of all time. I just wish I could purchase a copy of it today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed the acting, but i thought the directing was masterfully masterfully crafted and beautifully done. The beautiful cinematography brilliantly combined with beautiful performances. The music was beautiful. The cinematography beautiful. I am not a big music fan and i don't like to listen to much music either. The movie was very beautifully done in all aspects. I don't think that there was anything special or special about the movie. It is a wonderful movie. I give it a 10/10. 7/5. I hope that everyone gets to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, it is a very good movie with some good acting and good directing and a good story. The movie is good because of the cast. It has great performances and great directing and is a great movie. This movie has a very original and very good story with good directing.  The story is very good, and the acting is great great good. All in all, this is a good and very original movie.  9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the movie! But after watching this great film, I must say I've seen every movie that Michael Dudikoff has done and this one stands out beautifully! He is a master of the genre, with superb performances and great lines and in this movie he is one of the masterpieces. This movie is a great example of the old fashioned 1950's movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film we are taken into a fantasy world where we are a part of the fight against evil. The characters are very diverse, you have some well known characters, some more obscure ones, but the story is so cool and beautiful, and i love the acting, but it is great and i wish there were more of them. The ending is so great, the best thing is to watch the movie again and again, and don't miss it, just don't expect the surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. The action is fast and the pacing is masterful and beautifully choreographed. The direction is masterfully crafted to keep the plot moving efficiently and enhance the impact of the violence. The movie is also very suspenseful, and suspense is the best part of any movie.  The ending may be one of the best things I've seen in the last decade. The ending alone, if you ask me, is one of my 10 favorite scenes in any movie I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie about a very good movie. I saw this movie when I was in Hong Kong for my work in that year. I thought it was quite strange and very strange. I remember the movie very vividly and it was really strange. The characters were all very good and very mysterious. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only way to describe the beauty of this movie is to say that it is stunning cinematography, beautiful scenics and great acting. The best movie in the history. It is not a romantic love story, it is not about the beauty and passion of an over-sexed young woman, but about the life of a young woman who finds herself in love with a very old man. The life of this woman is filled with surprises and surprises.   The movie is about the experience of being young and discovering oneself and the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, if you haven't seen this documentary (despite my repeated requests), you are missing out, as the narration is superb, although the story is a bit long, and in a few scenes the camera is quite close to the actors (for a reason that I've never seen before, but that's the case).  The documentary is fascinating in terms of the personalities and the life story of the main characters. For the director, it is a must-see, if it is ever possible to see his work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the first film for director Sam Peckinpah (who also directed "Hud" and "Rain Man") to have his name attached to it. His most recent film "Somewhere In Time" is his first big success. He makes his way to the screen as a former astronaut who is in the final days of his career. His mission: to find out what happened to the earth and all living things and all the different forms of life and their relation to each other on different levels, in this case the moon.   The film is interesting, but in the same way as "Hollywood blockbuster", it also fails to fail to entertain. Sam Pecknipah succeeds in making a film with his trademark style and pace.  The cast are solid. Sam Rockwell and John Rhys Davies as the characters, Sam Peckpah has great direction. The story is compelling and interesting. The direction is creative and interesting as well. The photography is also beautiful and beautiful. The camera work is also very well handled. The soundtrack is very atmospheric, and it is not the typical "choppy" sound track. The cast and crew is also solid.  I think Sam Peckonpah's best movie, and this is the best film he has ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very entertaining, with good performances by the two main stars. The script is clever and the movie is fun. The characters are well developed and have different opinions.  The ending is quite surprising and quite beautiful, with a great ending.   This is a good thriller, with very good acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a fantastic tale of two people who come together and find a strange, yet peaceful world. One of them, an American, is the hero, while the other, a Chinese, is a "confused, conflicted and sad soul" that has come to a strange "adventure" of life and has the misfortune to lose his loved ones.  The ending is very tragic, as is the whole movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked the movie very much, the acting was great and the plot interesting and very creative, I love movies that are unique, but this one is unique and wonderful. The beautiful scenery and stunning cinematography made this movie unique. It was very great and unique, and you should not miss this wonderful movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, which I've seen with my kids, they love it and say, "I'm going to be watching this movie for a long time". It is still scary! I don't know if the movie scared me! My kids don't think it scared them, but it scared me. And the kids don`t think it was scary because of the actors, but because of brilliant performances by the Director and the brilliant performances from the various cast members. The movie scared the heck out of me! It`s scary! A great movie!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a well made, beautifully acted, and well photographed film. It contains several dramatic scenes that are so powerful that you are not able to bear them. I would recommend it to anyone. It is disturbing and contains graphic violence, including cannibalism and child abuse. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you don't see this movie, you're a true film buff. It's a great movie for a good film. I love all the acting. The plot is good. The music great. The beautiful scenery great. And the best movie i have ever seen. I wish this movie come true, please come true to me, i want my 10 bucks back, i love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story was very interesting and at the time was considered to be the first film.  The direction was beautiful, the cinematography brilliant, and the cinematographic use brilliant.  I also like the story, but I don't mind if people complain that the plot is weak. The story is great, the acting brilliant, the fantastic visuals beautiful, and yes, the plot.   Overall I think this is a great film. I recommend it to everyone who likes great films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In an era of so many action flicks, the only ones that I have seen that are good are the two that I saw recently.  The first was the movie "Gone Gun" (2002) which I was watching on Showtime. It was awesome. The movie was great. It had great acting, great directing, great action and great special effects. It also had great suspense and great suspense. All of this together made this great movie awesome.  In the second was "Red Rock West" which I've never heard of. It's similar to "Gones" and in a similar vein. It has great action, great suspense, great special effect, great cinematography and great music. It is also similar to other movies I have heard of, such as "Fernando" (2007) which has all of the above mentioned special effects and music and "The Rock" (2000) which is similar to Red Rock West.  If you are looking for a movie that makes you think it will be awesome and great, watch this great flick. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this movie at the Berlin Film Festival and I thought it was great. The main character, who plays an editor and is very serious and well-respected, is so serious about his profession and the movie is great in every way.  I don't want to give anything away, but I will say that I was amazed at how good the movie was. The story is very interesting and the direction is very impressive and very creative. I was very impressed with the cast and the way the movie shows them in their professional light. It is very realistic, it is not like you see in Hollywood movies, but like in the end of the movie.   The story in the movie has the same time limits as Hollywood movies. It takes place in the middle of the story and the time line is a bit longer, which makes the story a bit boring and predictable.  The acting is great. A lot of actors and actresses have a lot to do and it is very natural for them to do it. I also like the direction and the editing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the first full length feature film from director Michael Wadle (who made some of the best indie films of all time) and it is a wonderful one. This is a straight up romantic comedy and the acting is first class. The script is fresh and it works perfectly together. A great cast with good chemistry and great performances. Michael is a very talented man and his talents are so diverse that he makes for a great romantic lead. The beautiful Christina Applegate as his girlfriend and a great supporting cast makes for great entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first one, "The Young Girls of Rochefort," is a love story between a rich, well-educated woman (Luana) and a poor girl (Dorothy). Their life story is one of those that is completely different from the normal. They live in the countryside in the old, dark and very picturesque village of Rocheforts. Dorothy, her father (Doris de la Roulet) and two brothers live there and she meets Doris, the daughter of the village priest (Vincent Pignon). The pair is in love, and the two soon become engaged and marry.  "The Women" follows Dorothy's life after her engagement, but the movie is not so much about the life of Doris and her family and is more about the two lovers, and their love story. The movie is also about the relationship between the two young lovers and their family members, and is not all about love.  The movie also follows the life story of the young man (Rene Fresnay) and his life and is quite disturbing. The ending of the movie should be watched several times, especially if you want to see the end of the story of Dorris and her life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. There are some nice looking girls, especially in the early 70's when the movie is set in a small, isolated community. There is also a man in a rubber suit that does not look very different from a man who is just rubber suits. He looks more like a master craftsman, I would have liked to have seen him more in the earlier 80's when this movie is actually set.  It has the same plot as "A Night At The Roxbury", another good movie.   The movie is not too violent, and there are a few nice women in the movie. However, I don't think there are many violent scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good and surprising movie. The movie starts off at a strange setting - a house in the middle of the desert. The acting is great and the plot master works beautifully. This movie is a great example of a great story. The music is beautiful and works perfectly with the action and it is a stunning piece of art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm surprised! I was surprised by the film. It is a dark and gory film that is made by cult director Paul Verhoeven (God Told Me Too, Starship Troopers) and it's filled with a superb cast of well known actors including Stephen Rea (Bond, The Bourne Ultimatum, Enemy Mine, Man In The Mirror), the director himself, and the original star, Denzel Washington (Coneheads, American History X). In addition to the cast, the film also stars a surprising cast of character actors. All of these characters are fully realized, fully developed characters.  This film also follows a strange formula, which is very similar to other Verhoever films. The first 25 minutes of the film are filled with creepy and gorgy atmosphere. Then the movie takes a strange turn into a disturbing and dark horror filled environment. The film takes the viewer on a journey of madness and depravity.  The plot is full of surprises and suspense. The story is a twisted and sad one with a great cast of characters. I would recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was one of my favorite anime of all time. I had no idea what I was able to master, I was really surprised how beautifully it was, and I still am amazed at how intricate it is.  In my opinion, it is one of the masterpieces of anime. It is a masterpiece, and you need to know how to recognize it. The animation is fantastic, and so is the story, and it is also really the best part of the whole anime. The music is also very beautiful, and there are some very beautiful background songs. The special effects are also amazing, the special effects look amazing, and the beautiful song "Gijón" sung by the Japanese voice actors is really the most beautiful song ever sung.  Overall, this is an excellent anime. I highly recommend it to any one interested in anime, because that way you can at least recognize it, and maybe get a lot of enjoyment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing I didn't like about the movie was how well it showed the effect that a mother's love for her daughter. She didn't seem to be able to help the daughter, as she was able to do in the past. I don't think that helped the mother, and I hope that the movie didn't show the effect of someone who has been in love with a child and then to lose that child has a real effect on their lives.  I would like to see more of this movie, as it shows the mother's feelings towards her daughter and how it affected them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, let me state that I was pleased with this film and found it touching and uplifting. Second, I found myself laughing at the acting of all the characters. They are a diverse cast with interesting personalities and some great performances. The special effects are beautiful and creative. The acting is excellent and creative, although I am sure some of the story was set in a different time. The direction is wonderful and well done. The beautiful landscapes and the natural settings are stunning. The camera is great. The use of natural settings and the use of light in the film are amazing and make this film great. I give this film a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting film with a very good cast, the direction is masterful and masterfully crafted, and great performances from the leads. The story is one of many you have seen from the genre, and it is a typical "good vs evil" thriller, or even one of those that you have never heard of before.  This film is not only the most beautiful film I have ever seen, but also a very unique, and very disturbing film.   I have been watching this film for a long time, and I can tell you that the first person I saw it with was scared of what it might say about him.  The main character is played by a very talented and scary performance by a young boy, the other two main characters are the older woman, played by the equally talented and creepy Tara Reid, and the boy's father, played very well by the creepy and evil David Lindstrum.  As I said before, this film is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best parts of the movie is at the beginning when the acting master gives his final performance in a role that had him playing some very serious characters. This is also the beginning of the great career of the man that played the title character, the great William Haines, who later became a major Hollywood star. I was impressed with his performance and found him believable. His character was so complex and layered that you couldn't even begin to understand it.  The movie also features some great music by the great rock group "The Stooges" and "The Modern Lovers" by Alice Cooper, the former lead singer of "Dances With Wolves." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The way the two main characters, both played by Michael Clarke Duncan and John Thaw, play their characters is quite unique and interesting.   What is great about this movie is that it makes the audience to care about the characters.  If this movie gets a 10/10 from me then I am very happy for all the people who saw it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good film that many people probably haven't seen. It is not simply a good film. It has a lot of great character portrayal, especially from the main character. I would probably compare it to the wonderful movie 'Citizen Kane' with Billy Madison.  The story is interesting. The main character is a reporter. He is a perfect candidate for the role.  It is a fairly standard plot. The ending is very well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't want to give anything away. I liked the first 30 minutes, but as the masterfully crafted and beautiful musical selections rolled by, it became an unforgettable experience. I'm so glad I went to see this magnificent movie. I have to say that I have never seen the same movie again. Thank you, A.C.O. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great TV series ever, although the series has been reduced in recent years to two parts, a great deal of the material is still relevant, and the result is a confusing, sometimes bewildering, sometimes disturbing and sometimes frightening experience. The basic premise is a series of bizarre occurrences, which may or may not have a link to the real world, but this does not detract from the film, which is the result of a brilliant cast of supporting characters. The acting is generally very good, although some of the characters are very unthreatening, and it is strange to see a man dressed in a costume which resembles a horror film, but is actually an artistic representation of a nightmare world. The ending, which was a real surprise, is very disturbing, and also raises the question why do these stories never get sorted out into a movie and never end in a movie, and are never told on TV? It is certainly true that this movie is a real scare, and I personally am not sure how scary it was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second of two films in which I've been disappointed by lack of production and fine acting by John Goodman. In the first, he plays a character with a very big problem, and in this film he is a master of understatement. He is at his best in his role as the aging and lonely father of a young woman who's still grieving his loss of his daughter. The film's first scene is one of many scenes in which the film's mood is sad and dark, but John Goodman is at once sympathetic and strong. This is a role he has played many times before, and he's done well in it.  The scene with his daughter is one the most tragic in the film, and it's the first time I've seen him cry in the entire film.  John Goodman's performance is at its most powerful, and at the end I found myself in tears. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not sure what people are complaining about this movie. I think people should remember this movie was not an indie film with a budget of over $70 million but a very beautiful and creative movie. The music and visuals were beautiful and amazing. The plot and characters were beautiful as well. The story is touching and very believable. The beautiful Fall shots and lush Fall shots combined to make this film great.  This movie is not for everyone but I think it could be a great movie for anyone looking for a great indie movie with beautiful Fall and lush views. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in my early thirties when I was about to start my first serious film, but the magic of this film still remains, and I never felt like a film again. It was never the most powerful and romantic of film, and it certainly had a very powerful ending. The main reason I liked it is that I never really understood the motivations of the main character, and this movie is still not a film about his life. The story is not about love, but about the power of greed, corruption and deceit. And there are many scenes that are so powerful, you can almost smell the air on the other characters. I have never forgotten the last time I saw the film, the only time I could, was at the very end, where the man realizes that the woman he loves is in need of help and that she needs him. I was so impressed by this film, that I have now stopped seeing it. It is just one of the masterpieces of cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most touching movies of all time.    This movie is not about some great scientist, but his observations and experiments are fascinating.  This is the only movie about a true story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a wonderful film! It was well directed and acted, the cinematography masterfully brought together a beautiful story, beautifully photographed and the music brilliantly sung. The ending, a tearjerker, was truly uplifting and the acting was brilliant. The end is a moving and beautiful conclusion to a story of love and sacrifice.  The movie is a must see! I hope that it reaches a wider audience, perhaps it has the chance to reach the whole world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I like this show a lot. I have watched every episode and this is one of the best. It's not like other TV shows, which are like "Friday Night Lights" or "Breaking the Rules". The show is different.   There are some good jokes. I don't know if this is from the original show, or if it's from the show after the original. I liked it because it had some of the same themes as the original, and I found the jokes from the series similar to the ones from the pilot.  The show has some good comedy. Some of the jokes are a bit corny, and have the same jokes from original show.  All in all, a good show! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember when this show first aired. I was in my late teens and early 20s, my father had bought me a VHS tape of this show and I was so fascinated, I decided to watch it. It was so great! The acting was brilliant, and the special effects and special effects were amazing. I saw this show for the first time when I was about 8 years old, and I never got tired of it! I have watched this show a few times a year since I've gotten older, and it's still a great show. I hope they will make another show like this one someday, and bring more great shows to people! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful, romantic film. It has not been made by a single director and works well in all respects. I really enjoyed the concept of a film with a very real, serious ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those romantic comedies that are very funny. The movie is very light and easy to understand. The story is very good and the movie is well directed and well acted. The acting is excellent especially the performances of the two main characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the classic, but it is far from being cheesy. The movie is entertaining, although not at the same time being cheesy, but is well worth watching for the fact that it doesn't take itself too seriously. In a way it manages to stay true to the original, but then again, if you don't like it, don't watch the movie, just enjoy the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never seen a documentary film as much as I have lived and breathed in it, and I am absolutely delighted to have seen this beautiful and powerful piece.  The whole film was beautifully made, and there were several scenes that I found extremely disturbing, and yet at the time it was not even a few years later.  I would recommend this documentary, if you wish to experience something truly disturbing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was the masterful, beautifully crafted, and masterfully photographed masterpiece of photography. This is the second in a trilogy.    The first one, "Guns, Germs and Steel," was a bold look at the relationship of man and nature, while "GUNS, GROOM, AND STEEL" was a look at our industrialization and destruction of our natural environment.  The second one, "...Distant Drums," was the most emotional and powerful. It was a haunting, and in the end, tragic story of an over-worked mother who works as a radio DJ to help people cope with life.  All of the other films were beautifully photographed and filmed.  This is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an enjoyable, romantic film that features a good, old, over-the-top performance from Richard Harris as a heartless, sex-crazed, man-eater with a penchant for violence.  This movie features an entertaining performance from Harris, who also has the dubious honor of playing the title character. The plot is light and fun, and the story is very well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of two friends in their 20s who decide to take a trip to Africa to see the elephant population. When their plane lands in Africa, two African elephants jump out of the plane and kill the two men. One of the elephants later gets a bite from a friendly elephant, and both he and his friend are killed.  The ending is quite disturbing, but the two main characters, the older man and the younger man, have the strength to carry the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the first part. The next is much better. The first half was good. The second part was great. The third was great... and the fourth was great, too. But the best was "A Man Called Sassy." I loved the whole movie. The best movie ever.   I am a big reader, too, and I enjoyed this movie. I do think that it is an old movie, but I have seen most of the other posters.  I just hope that the producers will make more of them, and that they will make a sequel, and a great movie, too!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea of a sequel to a great movie is a very interesting one and one which is quite different from the original movie.  I am not familiar with the other movies and this one was a very intriguing one and the acting was great in all aspects, I just enjoyed the way the movie was developed.  The story is not as complicated as the first one, and the script is quite good, it also has quite good visuals, but the main reason I watched it again is because the second time around it was so enjoyable that it was impossible to stop watching it.  My rating is 2/5, the movie is very funny, and there are quite a few disturbing scenes, so it is quite a good one, it will probably get a good rating, which in the end was not needed because of the good reception. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Swing High" was a terrific little film in my opinion. It tells the story of a talented and wealthy woman (Jillie) and her life struggles as she tries to make a living while living in the swingiest place in the world: a large mansion in the old West Village. Jillie rents this place and all her friends (one man, two women) move into the house as well. The house is surrounded by an old and large American family, one of whom is a swing-lady (Mary Kagan), who rents the house because she has fallen in love with a rich guy (Richard Harris), who is also a wealthy man. But as Jillie's life begins to unravel, she discovers that the rich man is a very strange man who can swing from high places and still have all of his money and possessions. It becomes a struggle for the family to come to their senses, to trust each other, to be open and honest and to be happy... I think the end is pretty good. I would recommend "Sling High" to anyone interested in life, music, or swing music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this in the late '90s when it came out, and even in my time it was the coolest horror film ever made. It wasn't just a straight horror, but I enjoyed it, but not enough to get me to be scared by it.  It also had the same kind of plot that was used in other Scream films, which is a good thing.  This is an interesting and terrifying movie that you can watch with a friend and they'll have a good time, or watch on your own and be scared yourself sick.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when it was first released back in 1993, and it still haunts me. It is so real and terrifying that I was frightened by the characters and the story. The actors, especially the one played by Stephen Rea, are amazing. This is a terrifying film that should be watched for its realism. The real-life nightmare that the children live with on a daily basis is something that we should all fear. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an original movie in a Gothic setting. The movie is in a dark, gloomy, Gothic setting with Gothic architecture. There is a full moon overhead at times and the music is very atmospheric and Gothic. I have never seen the movie before, and it has the Gothic atmosphere, full of atmosphere, very Gothic.  This movie is definitely not a remake, nor is it a remake of "The Black Cat", "Somewhere In Time", "The Raven", "Beauty And The Beast", "Carnival Of Souls", "Halloweed", "Beneath The Ruins" and "Curse Of The Crimson Tide".  The cinematography is great, but the movie is a classic. It's full of atmospheres, very dark atmospheres and atmospheric music.   The whole movie has a very dark atmosphere. A great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the wonderful, but short, movie from director J.R. deMunn that tells of the real life of the late J. Edgar Hoover (played by Herbert Marshall) and his family's relations with their real life. This movie is about the real events that occurred to Hoover's family in real time, not the fiction of the book.   This movie has many problems and one of the best that I've seen is the quality of the music. It is realistic, and the lyrics and acting is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main plot of this movie is the discovery of an ancient and long buried graveyard with a large stone crypt. The film's second story focuses on the story of a couple of brothers, including a brother of one brother (the brother is his own brother), and their search for their lost brother. They find a way in through the stone crypt and a way out of the graveyard, where the brother's grave is found.  The third story focuses the search for the brother of the dead brother, who has been found in the graveyard. The brother is a little disturbed by his brother's discovery and goes on a killing spree.   The final story is the brother killing his brother and then himself in cold blood, so there you have it. A great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Kub" is an almost unknown movie in the world of independent films, directed by John Polson, who has been credited by the critics with a "Kabari-type" approach to the subject. Polson uses documentary footage of real people and real events, combined with music and narration, to show the story of an autistic man named Jack. It is a story that Polson did not wish to let go of, but instead to share with the world, and it is certainly worth the effort. "Kuba" is also a very interesting, and even if a bit boring, film that is completely unsuitable for any audience, including children, without any need for special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I loved the movie when i was a kid. I was a little kid and i loved the first one. I liked the second one, I liked this one, and I think the best movie ever made is still the second movie.  I have never seen a movie with such great story line and great acting, perfect. It is so funny and I like it. It was so charming and i am glad I liked it. The kids are so adorable and the movie is great, the movie was great, and i like it too. I love how they played with their new friends. And I like how they are all different. The movie was so funny.  If you want to watch a funny movie, then this is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first heard about this movie from my cousin who was playing it on the TV. The acting is master great. The beautiful cinematography works wonderfully. The wonderful music works perfectly. The best scene is the last scene where all the beautiful cinematographers in the world meet each other in the street and discuss their feelings for each other. I love it!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title, The Great Santini, is given to this wonderful, romantic, and funny movie from director Giada Colagrande. Colagrado, who has directed the Oscar winning American films, returns to the Italian seaside town of Spero with his latest movie, this time the sequel to his best known film, "La cattivi e cattomai," which was also released in 2002. This movie is a very small, romantic movie, and it stars a very Italian cast. Colagi's wife, played by Cristina Anfranchi, plays a woman who lives happily ever after the death of her husband and is helped by the friends and family of her late husband. The great scene comes when Colagranchi and Anfrano have their first meeting and she realizes that she will never have a child of her own. She is so touched by her new life that she is stunned to discover the depth of her feelings for her late father and the person she once thought she loved. In the end, she falls in love with another woman who is also her husband's secretary, and they have a happy reunion. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is funny and has many great jokes, as does most all movies, and they are good. I really like this movie because it isn't typical, not that I think most people don't find it funny.  The story is similar to the old "Who's-a-bloo-bloop" movies, which are good, but don't take my word for it. This movie isn't that funny, and it doesn't try to be, so there's no need to talk about that, because I think it's pretty funny, but it isn, but I do, so I'll just say that.   I just liked the movie and I don't know if I have seen all of the jokes on this movie, or if I missed something, but my best guess is that they are great, but not as good as the other comments said. This is the first movie with John Candy, and he really fits the role well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first of all, I do believe that this movie is better than most of the first one. The direction and cinematography brilliantly complemented each other perfectly. I love the scene where a group of kids play together in a field. This is the one that made me want to see more of the movie. I guess the best way to describe it is "The Incredible Journey". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-made film with stunning cinematography and a stunning score by Gackt, Shin-ae plays a girl who comes from a poor family and wants to see the world. In order to fulfill her dreams, she goes with a family friend to a movie theater and meets an old man (Bong) who plays a magician.  A dream sequence of a girl waking up in a strange and sinister room and encountering the deceased is interrupted by the arrival of a creepy man and a disturbing revelation.  The two lead actors, Bong and Shin-a, play their parts with impressive results. Shin-ain's performance, however, is the real star of this film.  It is scary in a realistic, Gothic, Gothic setting. The actors do their best with the eerie environment and the haunting music, the score, the acting, the beautiful scenery, the atmosphere and the creepy atmosphere. This movie is not a horror movie, but a very disturbing and disturbing film. It is an excellent thriller that is a must-see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been intrigued by this film but after seeing it again on the big screen in 1974, I found myself fascinated by the plot, the setting and the characters. The plot is about a woman and her father, but we only get to see them from the point of view of the daughter. I don't think the director has done as great a masterwork as he is capable of, and the movie is beautiful. It seems to be one master piece, and that works well with the story. I have seen it all and still find the movie to be exciting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very touching movie. The movie tells a story of the lives of two families in the slums of Kiberlaini, a city in the middle east, who have lived there for years. It is a story that is not only bad, and is not just slum dwellers. The main character is a woman, a widow, who has been widowed since the death of her husband, who was murdered in the course of the slum. Her sister is a man, living alone, who is unable to even look after her own children. She is the sister of the main slum owner, who rents out rooms to her, so she can have a chance to meet new people. The woman is a housewife, who lives in a building that was once a dwelling. She rents rooms to the widower, but he will not have any more room to be living in than the one he had before.  The movie also shows the struggles of the woman's sister, who goes to the bathroom to use the hot water from the tap and finds herself wet, cold and sick.   The film is not an easy film to watch. It does not tell a story, nor does it show how a slum is able to exist. The film shows how a community of people in Kiberlini is able not to get enough of each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was first introduced to this movie by my friend when we were kids. Now I'm 26 and can remember vividly how much I enjoyed it. The story is simple, the characters simple and believable. The ending is uplifting and touching. I hope one day I can see the movie again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good and complete adaptation of the play. The main plot is based on the play and is somewhat different from the original. However, some minor details are different.  The characters are very interesting, the story is somewhat twisted, and there are a few minor errors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this short movie, the story is simple and touching. A young woman falls in love with a guy and he tries to help her. They are both caught in a big storm, and he helps her find her way to safety. The film shows the storm and the young woman's ordeal. There is a great scene where the young man comes home to find his missing mother and father, and the two meet in the hospital. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, let me start by saying that this is not a straight sequel of the original movie, as I have already stated, this is a movie that I hope to have the chance to make into a great film. This is a very good, interesting, and entertaining movie, and I have seen it about 4-5 times now, which is still not enough to be counted as an average movie.  I don't know if this is the best movie of all time, but if so I hope that the next movie I watch will be one that I will never forget, but it is a good one.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film tells of a story of transformation in the life of one of the survivors of the September 11th tragedy, as he seeks to heal his past and find his place in the world. The film features a large cast of well recognized actors including:  Ben Affleck as Hank 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this as a teenager on television and it stayed with me for years. I would see it a couple of times a year and every time I saw it I was scared. The best part was at the beginning when the family patriarch said, "This is a movie for children." My heart was broke. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the master piece in the making of a great movie. It is not a film in the usual way, but more of a wonderful documentary that was shot in 1999 and put on DVD by a few of my friends. This movie does not have the usual music in the background that would get a lot of the attention, it has music that can be found in any modern rock n' roll record and can be used to fill the silence when needed. In addition to this great soundtrack there is also a great plot. The movie shows that the great music industry of the nineties was about the greatest hits and music videos and the bands that were signed to record the music for the video industry. If you have a thirst for music that is, if you are willing to watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love all the horror movies of this genre, and I think this is the perfect companion piece to the brilliant and chilling horror movie of the same name. The movie is a gripping and frightening experience. It is also very creepy in that it shows that children are not as helpless as we thought they were. I have seen a lot of kids horror movies, but this one stands out in that regard.  My rating: 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have always wanted to see this movie and was pleasantly surprised by the wonderful cast and the wonderful script. I'm a big Luke Burbank fan and have seen all his movies so far. I thought that this was really great and I loved it.  The film isn't as polished as some of Luke's work. I don't think the director had great imagination to create a good film like this one, but it is a great film for a beginning movie buff. I haven't seen a film as realistic as this before, and I've seen many films that aren't. I have to recommend this movie to everyone. I give it a 7 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very well done movie, but is still a very good movie. The main characters are good, but it also has great acting from all the actors, especially from the main character, which is very good in a movie like this one.  I enjoyed it very much, but I would probably like to recommend this movie to people who want a good story, but also want to experience something different. It is quite good that they did not want to spoil the movie, they just wanted to show it to the public. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short, sweet, sweet and sweet movie. It is not as hard as I thought, but not very hard. Very beautiful and sweet. I am just like the other viewers, I loved it. I was pleasantly surprised by the sweet, natural sweetness of this film. The music was beautiful and the story sweet. It had a good end. I wish it was longer! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is like an exquisite work. Its simple yet beautiful, with good performances from Denzel Washington, Tom Hanks, and Jude Law, with all the good actors in the world.  I enjoyed this film because it was an interesting and somewhat realistic take on life in the United States. It seems that most people don't have the sense of what it is to be.  In the film, Washington plays a very ordinary guy, Hanks plays a detective, and Law plays a former boxer who has lost his way, and is trying to put his life together. The film doesn't have many plot changes, but it certainly has a lot of great acting and good directing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short but sweet romantic comedy. It stars Steve Carell, Samantha Morton, Jon Bon Jovi, and Robert Downey Jr. This is an unusual movie that has a lot of laughs. In this movie, Carell is an actor, a singer, and a songwriter. He is not really funny, he is just perfect. The best scene is at the beginning when he sings "If you ever want to see a movie that isn't a love song, you should see this one." In this film, he doesn't even play a song, he really shines in the acting and in the story. The ending is perfect. In addition to the wonderful music, Carel also shines in this film as the only true love interest. The end of the movie is great, it is touching. The only real flaw is that the ending does not go as well as the ending in the "Love Song" that everyone else in this movie also ends up with. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised and very happy surprise film for a couple of days. The only reason I was not surprised was the performance of John Gielgud. He was outstanding. He did a fine job and his role in the film was great masterful. The movie was great fun and the characters all had great performances. The cinematography master beautifully crafted the story and the beautiful setting made me feel for the characters. I hope they come back soon. I would like to buy this DVD of this excellent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is brilliant in the way it portrays the different cultures and their relationships, the old customs, the modern family, the traditional values and the newer, "new" values. I saw this movie with my ten year old son and he was fascinated by the fact that this movie did not glorify or encourage people to live in the same kind of world as we live in. I have been a mother to five children in the old world for nearly fifty years and I can only imagine what the other mothers who I have seen this movie thought about their kids. I can tell you I am so glad my son saw this wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very emotional movie. The story is very emotional, with some beautiful music. The direction is great masterful. The cast is great great, and so are the actors. I especially enjoyed the scene where the old lady comes in and the old man starts crying hysterically. The scene is so powerful and moving. I was scared I was going to jump at the screen. The end is so good, and it makes me angry. I can't recommend this movie to anyone. 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a couple who have fallen in love is one that has been done many times before. It has taken many, many years for someone to come up with another movie to show the world how to do it.  This movie is not an example of an exceptional movie, it is an excellent movie. The story is realistic and interesting, and the ending is very sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the first of three straight sequels in which the original story was told in full and all of the actors and actresses were in fine form, although there were some minor changes in the plot. The film is a true story, with the same ending as the first, but the beginning and middle parts are set in the modern world and the characters are totally different from the first one.  The only reason I give this film 10/10 is that there were too many beautiful shots and the film wasn't able to convey all the emotions this film had. I don't think the director succeeded in that, so I give 10/ perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're hoping to see something good and unusual, you've got to go and see this one. The story is so masterfully crafted and wonderfully directed, it's stunningly beautiful. The acting is perfect, and the cinematography brilliantly diverse. I love the way the colors and the moods of the characters, the costumes and settings, the use of masks, the casting of animals, the music. The cinematography is stunning, but it's so masterful, beautiful, creative and interesting, that I don't want to spoil anything. I loved the way they created a scene for the animals, it was so natural and beautiful, that it's hard to believe this was an actual scene. And the story is something you won't get tired of telling your friends about. If you love animals, this is the movie for you. And if you're looking for something to keep your brain occupied, I'd recommend you to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the masterpieces of all time. The film is so masterfully crafted and beautifully photographed that it is one of my all time favorite. If there is anything I can do, I will never forget this magnificent piece of work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the story of a young woman who, on the day her mother dies, leaves her family and goes to the seaside town of her birth to start over with her life and sees the sea side town she grew up in. The next day, she meets a strange man who introduces her to his own strange, but not so strange, world.  This strange world is one where the tide is rising and there are lots of animals and people. There are even more strange, and unexplained phenomena.   But soon the tide starts rising and she must find her way home or risk losing everything she has ever dreamt up in her life.  As she walks along, strange things start happening and she soon finds that she is being visited by a man who wants to help her mother who is drowning in the sea.  But what can she do?    Well she runs into this strange man and he reveals that he can use her dream energy to bring her back to the real world. The strange man then shows her how to use her powers.  Soon she finds out that the man is the sea god. She finds that he is able to create whirlpools out of thin air and send her back in time to the right time and place in the world. She can then change the tide to bring life to the people who live in the seas.  And it's at this point that everything begins to go very strange and inexplicable.  It's this power that the strange man has that allows him to create these whirls, and to make her life change. He gives her the power of time.  She goes into a deep sleep and a whirl appears. Then the whirl begins to float up to the surface and then goes out into the ocean and begins to disappear. It goes to sea, and then disappears.  The mystery is solved when the man returns and finds her and brings her back into the whirling, floating whirl.  In the beginning, she seems to have everything under control and doesn't know what she is. And as the film goes on, she begins to realize her mother is dying and she is just in time. It's all because she used the power to go to sleep and was unable to wake up and took it back.  I like the idea of the whirpools, the idea that there are two worlds. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful little movie that never panders to the audience, but manages to surprise and delight in its approach to storytelling.    The story is simple and straightforward, and it seems to be very honest in its depiction of the relationship between an aging woman and her young partner. I was very surprised that it took such a complicated story to present in such a simple, direct, and honest manner.  The performances were good, as was the direction, which showed the beauty of the landscapes and the beauty in the way that life can be. The camera was beautifully situated in the woods, and I was amazed that this was not shot in a studio setting.  Overall, great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces from director Sam Peckinpah. It's a slow paced and beautifully shot picture of the story of two brothers. Sam has directed the film well. Sam's direction in this film is at times overwhelming. It makes the film very powerful. It is often difficult to get a picture of a movie that has so many visual details. In this case the movie is very strong. It has a very dark cast and a good script. Sam is at his best here and manages to give his film a very honest and powerful message. It will not be easy to find out what this message is. It also has very good performances from all the actors. It made me cry, and it made me angry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen this movie many times and it always shocks me to see how many times I still don't think it is as good as the others have claimed.  I watched this film at the New York International Film Festival in November 2006. I think that it is the masterful acting, great direction and great cinematography that makes this film unforgettable.  The music in the movie is very memorable. The use of video clips is brilliant and I think they give the best portray of the story in a realistic and emotional way.  It is very sad that a film with this brilliant production has to be seen by many people. The only reason that this film gets so much exposure is that I hope that it will bring more attention to this sad story and perhaps more people will get to see this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies and it is really quite different from the typical low budget B movie. The movie is fun and full of good humor. It is not like the typical B movie that is filled with explosions and sex. This movie is full of fun and great jokes. I hope one day this movie will get better! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very emotional and powerful and at the end you will be amazed that this film is not one of the masterpieces from the director of great films like "Jupiter's Darling" or "Citizen Kane". This is a powerful and heart-warming movie that was made in 1931, and I'm amazed it's been almost fifty years later.  This movie is in the same class as "The Big S, which also dealt with love, and tragedy, and loss. The only reason I have seen "Jurassic Park" is because I've seen it many times on TV and it is always better than "JURassic Park". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who saw the first half of the movie and then the second half, I can tell you I loved the first part, but after the amazing performance of Helena Bonham Carter, the movie took me to another level.  The beautiful, brilliant and talented Helena Bonhime gave an incredible performance. Her magnificent beauty, fantastic dancing and spectacular cinematography, beautiful special effects, beautiful costumes and great acting made this movie unforgettable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It's not often that I feel that this is an intelligent movie. It is interesting, the script is intriguing and the characters fascinating.  This is a romantic movie about an older woman (Claire Denis) and a younger guy (Benji Makhmalbaf) who are attracted to each other. Claire is a successful businessman and Benji is a lazy guy. But both are attracted by Claire's beauty.  There is a lot of beautiful cinematography in this movie.   All the time the beautiful music is great. It has its peculiar flavour, the cinematography is amazing and the acting is great as well.  The film is very funny, with good humour, and some scenes are very hard to understand. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, let me say I am not an "Renaissance" movie, but I love all the movies that are based on a historical truth and have a historical background, including "The Last Wave". I am in the mood for a new "RENAissance", I was looking for this movie, I am so glad to have found this gem.  Second, it's very intense in a movie, a movie that has a lot of plot, and a plot that doesn't go back to the past. A good movie.  Third, I didn't have to wait to see the end. I was so captivated by the beautiful scenery and the magnificent scenery. The movie is perfect, so that you can enjoy it all, but you will miss the fact that it's not a movie. It's a movie!  This movie is a great movie, and it's my opinion that this movie is very beautiful in its beauty, I think it has the same kind of atmosphere, but the best movie of the 2000, with "Rabbit-a-Go Go" and "Rihanna", are beautiful.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of this movie is one of the masterpieces of the century.  A story of a detective's pursuit of the infamous serial killer, Jack the Ripper (played by Jack London), and his pursuit of a mysterious white-wash washing machine.  The film is made up of three segments. Each segment is one hour and twenty minutes long.  Jack is caught in an intricate web of traps and puzzles.  There are numerous surprises throughout the film, including a trip to an island with a mysterious statue.  I really enjoyed this film, although I knew what was going to happen within the next hour and a half. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a family struggling to overcome its problems is very real and down to heart. The acting is great especially from the two main characters - the mother (Meg Tilly) and the father (Paul Bettany). A real heartfelt, touching and loving family film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to understand the story of how the world came to an end, and how the 2 families who lived there at that time are now trying to rebuild their lives, you have to see this movie.  I am glad that I had the opportunity to see the whole movie. I have been reading a lot of the other comments and I really did enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been a huge fan of M.C. Escher's since I was about 5 years old, and since then, I must confess, this is one of his masterpieces, and the best part of the movie is not the story, it's the visuals. The whole movie is great, and I think that anyone who likes Escher and his works would get a lot out of it.  If you're a fan of escher, this movie is something you don't want to miss. You can even find yourself comparing it to "Porno-Mystery Theater" or "In the Beginning".   I highly recommend this movie to any fan of Escher. It is well worth your time and I've seen it all. I'm sure this movie will make you happy and sick to hate me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an action packed film about one of the last female ninja's in the world, one that has a destiny to become the world champion. The plot is a very interesting one, and the film is very well made. It contains plenty of action, especially for the females, but it also has plenty of laughs, especially from the males. There is also a very powerful scene at the beginning where she and some other ninja's are talking about the strength of women, and there are many powerful ninja's fighting in the background. The ending is very touching, the characters are very interesting, and some special effects (for example, the final fight sequence where the girls are shown in the dark and are fighting in full view) are quite nice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I would like to say that the director, Peter Gonda, is one of the best directors of this genre, and I have seen some good movies, but this one is great, great special. In addition to the brilliant acting by Gonda and the superb directing, the beautiful cinematography and brilliant directing makes this movie great, beautiful, special. It has an excellent plot and great directing. I would recommend this movie to all the interested people, especially to people who like the great french movies, like the brilliant movie "L'Aime d'Argent", and the great American movies, such as "Citizen Kane". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about the relationship between a man and a woman. There is not a movie where a woman can fall in love and be happy at the same time. There are many films that try to do this and fail. The movie is unique and very good. The director did great job. The best movie ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this movie since it came out about 11 years ago and I still can't get enough of it. I loved the way the plot evolved, but at the end when it comes down to it: what a great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a strange film, director Fred Scheider shows a true story of a woman and her family who make a treacherous traverse through the woods to get to the top of a big mountain, so she can take revenge on the man who has taken their loved ones. When the mountain is summited, Scheider dives into the mountain and the story of how he got to the bottom is a truly thrilling and tragic experience. This film has it all: scary mountain scenes, heart-breaking moments, shocking revelations, and shocking endings.  But it also has the great charm of being a great film in that the whole time you are watching it, you are thinking to yourself, "Did that wonderful film of mine just wonderfully surprise me?"  I have to admit, Scheiders masterful performance was great, especially considering he made it with such incredible skill, creativity, and excellent timing. I have seen some of his films and they don't make much sense. This was a great achievement in a film that really deserves special mention. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The premise of this film is quite simple. The plot is great, the pacing masterfully crafted and wonderfully acted. The characters are engaging and vivid, and the camera is beautifully composed. The music is very well chosen and chosen, and complemented by the superb score by German avant-garde composer Georges Guetaryt, and by the fantastic performances of Olivier Philippe and Olivier Deschamps, the director and co-star of "La Pâquerette."  This is a movie that should be seen by all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie, especially the beginning and the end. It was a very emotional and beautiful movie, with good acting and great directing. I am a huge horror film buff, and this movie fits perfectly. This movie is not only good horror and not even great horror. I recommend this movie to any horror fan, horror film lovers, or just anyone that likes a good, beautiful and scary movie. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A man leaves his wife and his life behind for a life of adventure, so he goes to his brother's castle to try to get some answers to his prayers."  There is a big problem with this film, because in it's own way it's a masterpiece, but that's really amazing, because there is great adventure, adventure with great special effects, beautiful cinematography, stunning musical score, wonderful special effects and a great special effect for the whole movie. This is a film that's for all time, and a must see for all fans of adventure.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good film that you will not want to see twice, and I enjoyed it. It is the type of movie that I have never seen before. It was original and fun. It shows that you do not need to have a big budget to produce a good film. I have seen many films that try to be like this, but this one works beautifully. The story and acting are great, but the direction and beautiful cinematography makes this a great film to watch. I wish I could remember the name of the director, as I have been watching it for about 2 years now, and he has made many other films like this.  The best acting is by Robert Deniro. He is so natural and natural. The best movie of his career is "The Secret of NIMH", and he was also very good in this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First of all, I want to point out that this is not just a "G" movie with a good story. I have seen some good movie with more special effects but this master class masterpiece delivers magnificent performances by each actor. Robert Downey Jr., Robert De Niro, Robert DeMille, Donald Sutherland, Tom Cruise, Natalie Portman, Michael Cooney, Paul Giamatti, Denzel Washington, and others all give impressive performances. The movie is fun to watch because it is not very slow, but fun to listen to. The music is great and the plot is solid. This is one movie you can't miss. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was going to like this film when I was in the middle of watching it for the first time in a while, and it was a great experience for me. I thought it was quite moving, but after watching it again, I have to say it was great! The first half, which was about a young woman, was very disturbing. The acting and acting were great masterpieces and great master pieces. The story was great and beautiful, and I love the music. The beautiful scenery was beautiful and beautiful. I felt the entire movie very believable.   Overall, a great masterpiece. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short, simple, romantic, and very romantic movie. A very romantic story, but it's not as naive as many people seem to think. It's not about an old woman wanting to go to Paris, or a young woman who has fallen in love with an older man, but about the young and lonely woman, who has chosen to be a governess to a rich man who lives in an old mansion. The movie is a simple, realistic, and sad tale. It does not try to put any big emotional or emotional undertone on the film, but simply shows how love can be the only thing that keeps this woman together.  The acting is good, and the script works well. It has great acting, great acting. A great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a great experience. It's so good, I want to thank the creators and the crew of artists for beautiful and beautiful work. This movie has some great music and it's full of great adventure and suspense. I love the way the movie has a great plot and the characters are strong. You don't have to have seen the movie to understand what I'm talking about, I just love the story and adventure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In "A Double Life", a very talented team of writers have combined to create a masterpiece of great comedy. "Double Life" is a movie with laughs. It has a wonderful concept, the two main characters in the movie are a very twisted pair of identical twins, one brother (David Schwimmer) and the other (Daniel Stern) who were both unhappy with each other and unhappy with their situation.  This movie also has a nice concept. One brother (Daniel) and his friend (David) have a dream together about life, death, and the afterlife. They live in two worlds and their dream come true, everything is going to happen to them.  Daniel Stern and David Schwimmer are perfect in their roles. Daniel is a very sarcastic and cynical person, and his dream is about taking care of his twin brother Daniel, he wants to do everything for him. He takes his dream and tries to fulfill his dreams. He meets with his twin and tries for help, but he doesn't get help.  "Double life" is an excellent movie with good acting and good comedy. It also has David Schwimmers, Daniel Stern, and Daniel Stern as the main characters. Daniel Stern is a great actor, but his performance is overshadowed by David Schwimmer and Daniel's, as David is a wonderful comic actor. Daniel also has his dream come to life, but it doesn't make him immortal, because it is his dream.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was so impressed with this film when I saw it in the early 1980's that I had to rent it to see it again.   When I saw this film again on the summer of 1983, I was astonished to see how true to the book it was. The pace was fast and the pace was so masterfully choreographed.  This film is a true-life account of one man's life, from his birth to his death.  It has all of the elements of a true story--the family, his friends, his enemies, his family's problems--and it is all so well done.  The actors and the story are truly authentic, which is very hard to believe. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been fascinated by all the reviews here at IMDb, and had to go and dig this one up, and was delighted to discover it was on there. I love reading IMDb reviews for movies, especially when the topic is sci-fi. I don't know if this movie is great, I just like it, and I'm hoping to be surprised by the very unique script, cast, and acting. I can't wait for it to be published, but I'd love to have seen it myself. It's the perfect blend of sci-Fi and Thriller, and it works beautifully.  I hope this movie gets some distribution soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I've never been so satisfied with a movie as I am with this masterpiece. But this was wonderful wonderful! A brilliant performance by a fine cast (WOW brilliant performances by all!), great direction, brilliant music (I was amazed by the magnificent score by Paul Williams), fantastic cast and wonderful special FX, brilliant beautiful settings and great photography. Brilliant! Wonderful settings and wonderful FX. Brilliant cinematography, great music and fantastic FX! Brilliant performances by Paul and Kirsten, brilliant performances from the great cast. Brilliant special FX. Wonderful settings. Fantastic FX. Fantastic settings. Great cast. Fantastic photography. Excellent photography. Wonderful FX. Incredible FX! Amazing FX. Beautiful settings and fantastic settings and FX! Incredible FX. Amazing FX! Fantastic FX and stunning FX. Excellent cast! Brilliant FX. Wow wonderful FX! Wonderful FX! Excellent FX! Great FX. Perfect FX! Wow great FX! Beautiful FX. Inspiring performances from all. Wonderful music. Wonderful special FX and amazing FX. Great FX! Perfect FX and wonderful settings. Brilliant FX! stunning FX! great FX. fantastic FX. brilliant FX. stunning FX...wow stunning FX, beautiful settings. great FX...great FX. amazing FX, stunning FX and fantastic special FX! I can't get enough of this beautiful film. It's my favorite movie. I'm really amazed how this film was not on the IMDb Best List. I love it, I just don't understand...it's a mystery/crime mystery with a lot of surprises. Excellent FX and beautiful settings, brilliant FX and great FX from all...wow...wow amazing! Brilliant settings, beautiful FX and brilliant FX, superb FX. perfect FX! amazing FX... stunning FX....wow stunning! fantastic FX and special FX... wow! amazing! brilliant FX! brilliant, beautiful, stunning, stunning. Brilliant and brilliant settings, fantastic FX, amazing FX....great FX... fantastic FX...I love this movie...wow great FX and music. Amazing! brilliant and stunning. brilliant. brilliant...wow. stunning. stunning...wow..wow..great FX and superb FX...it was a great FX, it was stunning! wow...wow!wow... wow... beautiful FX, very special FX (great FX), stunning FX... brilliant FX... great FX with great FX..wow... great and amazing. fantastic special effects and special effects, great FX (beautiful settings, special FX), brilliant FX (I think...wow this is amazing). amazing. wow great
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny and very short movie with a plot that is a very simple one. The humor is very funny and the story very interesting.  The director took some time to make the film look amazing, as it is very very short and he is very good with the camera. Also, the actors were great and I enjoyed it very much. I think this movie is very entertaining, and you don't want to take your eyes away.   My rating: 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the original story of a former boxer who becomes a champion of the world. He has the courage to challenge the very establishment of boxing which is controlled by the biggest sportswoman of all time, "Big John Laughlin" of the Chicago "Bugs" team. Laughlin has defeated Laughlin in the past. Lolo's journey is a heroic one, as he faces all odds, including his own mortality.   This movie also stars "Josie Bissett" as Lolo. It is funny, if you watch this movie, it is not very boring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first two of three films starring the great actor of all times, Stan and Ollie (1902), had their moments, and the three films from this group have been their classics. This is a third installment, the last of three in the series, which is of interest for anyone.   I don't believe this is a true sequel, although it is similar in structure and style, and certainly the three stories have been made into films with this same idea.  I enjoyed this film more than I expected it to be. It's interesting from the first two, but this film could have easily become the standard of films of the time, but it didn't. It certainly isn't bad in any way, although I would like to see more of the stories in this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end, when the movie comes to an end, and you are left with a sense of what life can be like, you will understand. The movie has a plot that is so brilliant and beautiful, you are so smart to watch. It also has great acting. A great cast for all the characters. I think it is a great movie for kids, and parents, to watch with their kids, with the family, and for everyone else to enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was an enjoyable experience. I can't say enough about the movie without revealing some major spoilers. The scene where the cat gets the upper hand over the horse is very realistic and I also liked the scene where they were flirting and eating at the same time. I didn't think they did an amazing scene where all the horses are standing up and eating grass and the cat can sneak up on them while they're having a nice meal.  All in all a great movie and great soundtrack. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The House That Dripped Tears" is a true story about the plight of a small African American family in Louisiana, who are desperate for help with their own family problems. The movie follows a group of mostly black women who have a history of alcoholism, but also struggle to raise their own families and find themselves true purpose.  The film shows a real-life situation, and it is painful.  "Carmela" is the movie that focuses on the struggle of a mother who is battling an addiction to alcohol and the effects of alcoholism.  There are many obstacles to overcome, and the film is made with honesty and bravery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this film and I wanted to see more. It is very erotic and very sexy. I don't see any special meaning for the film. If you like a good erotic movie with a good story, you will like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a romantic movie with a good romance and the plot is very realistic. The music is very good and the beautiful and romantic song "St. Vincent" is sung by a very beautiful young Italian girl. The story is very simple and romantic.   I have seen many films about this kind and "Vegi d'Amato" is one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is an engaging, suspenseful and well-made suspenseful mystery/thriller which I watched and enjoyed with my wife. The story is so intriguing and the characters believable, that it is a very disturbing and unsettling experience. I am also very curious as to what the author of this film, R.N. Price, was trying to do, and it made me curious as well. This is a creepy film that I hope to one day enjoy as a mystery/horror movie, but I am not able to give any more details at this time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I am not a student, nor am I a movie buff, but I thought this was excellent. The story is interesting and it is interesting how the main characters are drawn. The direction was brilliant and great cinematography masterfully captured the essence of the plot, which makes the movie great. A great cast of characters, which are very diverse, with some great performances. The beautiful Fall shots alone made this film unique, but overall, a great film. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a wonderful masterpiece, from start to finish, not the usual "B" movies. It is a complete mystery, and there are many secrets. This movie shows a nice relationship between a mother and daughter, the mother being a witch and the daughter a human. I think this movie is good, and I recommend everyone to see it. It makes you not understand or appreciate mystery and suspense, and is really scary! I also liked the end, because I don't know what it could have been. I hope this movie gets better and better. I give this a 10/10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-made film, that isn't too many movies, but nevertheless a nice little film. A nice little story about a very real, but happy, couple. It seems that they've been trying for a long time to find something more serious, but it hasn't taken long before the perfect perfect story comes to light.  The acting is fine, and the beautiful Fall shots alone make the film worth watching.  A very good film, I think, but I'd like to think it deserved a 7/10.   8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short film about a couple that is going through life changes, and struggles to find their place in the world. The film is about them as they struggle to find themselves.   This film is not very long, but it is very touching.  This short film will touch the heart and have you thinking, as the story has many interesting points, but they all make a point to the point.  The actors are very good. It's an indie film that has been shot by the director, and it is really a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was one of my favorite comedies and the first time I had seen it. It is so hilarious and so damned funny. You will love this movie and I hope you don't get tired of laughing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very interesting film. The direction is masterful and masterful. It is full of beautiful cinematography and masterfully beautiful images. The actors are stunningly beautiful. The beautiful shots of the landscapes and the woods are breathtakingly beautiful and they are all very natural and very beautiful. In the end the viewer comes back to the same place and time that it started, to a place where time has come to an end, to an place where life has become one with nature and nature is the life that is being lived.  The music is beautiful, the cinematography beautiful and the score is beautiful and works perfectly. The story is a wonderful one, filled with mystery, sadness, and happiness. This film is a masterpiece of art, that is to say it is a movie that is filled with life and its beautiful characters. It has a very nice beginning and a very good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie when I was younger but after seeing it I was amazed and I had to rewind the tape and watch it again. The scene where the young boy is playing a trombone and singing the first song of his life was mesmerizing. I could only hear the beautiful song "My boyfriend is gone". I was still amazed when I watched the scene where he took the trombones and put them into his shirt and then played them for the last song.  The best part was when he was playing the timphe trombon and when he played the timbone he was still standing upright and moving around like he was a baby. I also liked the scene in the church where he sang the taima and played the harp.  I have always wanted a movie with the best of the best musical talent and this is the movie for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a wonderful and original take on the story of the rise and fall of a former world leader. This is not an ordinary film.  A well written and acted movie, with plenty of action and lots of great dialog. I really hope that the audience get to see this movie.  It starts with the revelation of an old friend, that he has been a secret Nazi. This film is far from typical. It is a well done, well thought out and well acted movie with a surprising plot. The acting is great, the camera is beautiful and the overall cinematography masterfully captures the emotions of a person, while not allowing them to dominate the picture.  This is a must see for any movie buff. It can be found in a variety of stores. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big Jane Austen fan since I have never seen a film that portrayed her in a more sympathetic light. So, I watched "Gentlemen Preferrers" in the hope that I would at least find some sense in the film. I didn't. I enjoyed "Gentiles" much more than "Germans", and I don't think the film did a very good job at portraying the character. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had been a huge fan since seeing this film at the 2002 Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Film Festival. The festival had just finished and I had managed to catch this gem. It was funny, and the characters were great. It still was a great experience. I would love to see this again in the wild. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's one of the masterpieces in the history of European cinema. I have to say, I've never seen anything like it, I have rarely seen so beautiful a film, that I can honestly say: It is the best movie in the world, and I really believe that I have seen one of these masterpieces. This movie was made in 1930, at the time when nobody had any imagination, and yet was still incredibly interesting. The actors, cinematography, photography, and everything else are masterpieces of the period.   In the same way, I also think that this film was a masterpiece of photography, because it is one of those masterpieces that is still in the process of being made. The camera shots are stunning, the colours vivid, and the film grain is dark. The way the film is shot is also a masterwork, and not in the way that one would expect. The music is also very important.  The movie is not a movie in every way, it is a movie that shows the real story, the real life of the Jewish people in their time, and in this way it was much more realistic and true to the real facts. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of the most poignant and heartwarming movies ever. The young Carlito Garcia is a loner with a thirst for adventure, and his dreams of becoming a famous singer are interrupted when a strange woman (Dorothy Tamblyn) visits him in his dream world, claiming to be an angel. TambLyn has a great singing voice, and Tamb lyn seems to understand her. She explains that she has to wait for the perfect time to appear and she can never be awakened again. When Tamblin returns home to his dream place, she awakens again and is visited by Carlito's nightmares. When he awakens, Tamblins reveals to Tambly that she can only dream in a certain way. She says she can choose which one, and then it becomes a battle of wills between the two.  One funny scene in the movie is the one when Tambles is being chased by the angels. They all jump and dance in different directions, with Dorothy Tamblen leading the chase. The chase is frantic and Tammlyn is running away from the angels all the way. The rest of the movie isn't so great, but it is still entertaining.  This is an excellent movie, and I hope that others will find it entertaining. If you want to see a good Carlito, see this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a short story, I am going to read it because I thought the ending was great, it is a very emotional movie. I am very happy with it. It is very emotional, but at the same time very honest. I don't think it is an action movie or a romance, it doesn't matter.  The movie is very romantic and has very little. I was very surprised and I didn't like it, so I think it could be very romantic or very emotional.  I am not going to give away anything, I will just say that I have seen the movie several times now and I still think that this movie has something to do with the movie.   I would like to add that I don;t know if this is the best movie ever, so don;'t read the reviews, there is much more out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you enjoy dark films, you'll love this one. It's an intense, and very atmospheric, film. Dark scenes have a lot of intensity, and the plot and story is interesting.  There's some good camera shots, but there's very little to no talking, and that is the best part of the movie.  The best part is the "furniture" part of it, and there is plenty of it throughout the entire movie. It is also a good piece of art, and a very dark one at that.  Overall, it is a great dark film, and it should be viewed by serious movie fans. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the movie and hope to see more from her. It was such masterful direction, beautiful cinematography, brilliant performance, beautiful music, stunning performances and masterful performances by all the cast. All of the actors turn in stunning performances. It is an excellent movie. I recommend this movie to everyone. I love it!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of those movies that I watched on my birthday and I didn't know what to expect from it. Well I am glad that it was the perfect movie for me. It was awesome and well made and the characters were awesome. I can't wait to read the book now! I love all the books. My favorite one was the story about the first ever vampire story. It's all about the book! I really loved that movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was an amazing movie. It's a very atmospheric, almost dreamlike, dark and sinister movie. I especially liked the scene where the main character, an old woman, is talking to a ghost. The ghost speaks like a very good, old, dark story. I didn't know that the story was real until the very end, but it was so intriguing and creepy. And the actors were brilliant. I saw some great performances, but all of them were fantastic.   The ending is one of the most powerful and the only real spoiler is that it's very scary. It made me shudder, and it made me sad, and I have seen many scary movies. I've seen lots of scary movies, and this was very good. It is one scary movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is simple yet beautiful. The performances of all the characters are great, especially the great performances of John Barley-Jones (as the husband of the wife of a doctor) and George C. Scott (as a former law student turned lawyer). It is a very interesting and poignant story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with the revelation that the CIA have been involved in the rendition of terrorism suspects to their home country of the United States. The plot line builds nicely with the involvement of the US military, CIA and FBI, and you get to see some scenes from different periods of time in American history, which is nice, but the film isn't trying to be comprehensive, and it isn't preaching any particular religious ideology. The acting is fine, the directing brilliant, and the music wonderfully diverse, and provides the soundtrack for the film.  9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved the first part of the film and the whole time it was really great. The next part is really good. I still love the first half but this is still great.  The last scenes were really cool and so was the movie. I would recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I really enjoyed this film, but I don't know how many people liked it as much as I did, but it was very funny! It's very hard to say if the acting was good, but the movie is great! I think this is the perfect movie for a first time director, to create a masterpiece like this great movie, with great story and great special effects. Great movie! I give this film 10/10. great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen "The Man With The Gun" for a couple of years now, but it still haunts me, even after being nearly forgotten in recent years.   There are several flaws with this film. The main one being that it has the virtue of being so faithful to the actual events. That, and the many other "gun-related" scenes in the movie, don't make it an easy movie to forget, since the movie is based on actual facts.  "The Gun" is a very interesting, but disappointing movie, even if you can take it at its word. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie, and was surprised that it was available on DVD. It was not a romantic comedy, but a funny, and very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked the first movie, then you will love this movie. If you haven't, then it is a must see!  This movie was brilliant, but it also made me laugh, it was well directed and beautiful.  I would love to see this again, I think it was a brilliant movie. I have watched this movie twice, but have yet to see it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen the first half of this and I was quite impressed with the quality of the movie. The story and the characters are very believable and interesting. The film works very well together, especially the ending.  The next day at school, I asked my friend, who was surprised, why was it so good? She said that it's so realistic and beautiful, but I couldn't agree with her. The acting is beautiful, and the beautiful people are all real.  It is a good film, and it is nice to see it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I really enjoyed this movie. It was beautiful and a great plot.  The direction was great, the cinematography beautiful and the beautiful music brilliant.  It was a very emotional movie. I really hope the director and all the actors make more great movies in the future.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is an excellent one. The cast are good. It's very well done, and you don't have to take it seriously. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love all of the movies that come out nowadays, and the latest one i have seen, is not bad, and i am very happy about it. But i am glad to see another movie, and it was very entertaining and i like to see that it is not an over the top movie. i like the old Bond films and the new ones. The movie is really good, and in my opinion it should not be compared to those films, because they are all so different. This movie is a great mix of all of them. If you like to watch a movie that has a good plot, and great acting, this is the one for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I remember the first time it came out and it blew me away. It was so beautiful, and I can't remember anyone else in the world doing anything that beautiful. I've been waiting for this movie to come out for over ten years now. I loved the first two films, and this was one of the masterpieces.  This was a masterpiece. I'm a big Adam Sandler fan, but this was truly brilliant. It's funny, and the story is so real and beautiful, I wish it was longer.  I wish I could get this movie on DVD, I love the first three movies, but the DVD I watch is just too short. I hope this movie gets on DVD someday soon, I would love to see this masterpiece on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the wonderful film which was a remake of a true story. In the original story the story was based on the actual life of two very brave brothers, who lived through the early days of the American Revolution.  I don't know if the brothers are related and if so I don´t care. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film starts out as a very serious drama but progresses beautifully and steadily to become an excellent horror movie. The actors and the audience are fully immersed in the horror and the terror of this film and it is really frightening, disturbing, disturbing and horrifying. The scares are real and the suspense and atmosphere are hauntingly realistic. I was scared in this film because of the performances by the actors and also because I am a horror movie fan, but this film is definitely not just for horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the masterpieces. The great thing is that this was a story that is universal in telling. You could have an audience of 1,000 people and everyone could relate to it. The characters are very believable and you could even predict their thoughts.  I also enjoyed the performances of the actors. It is a great shame that the movie has never been released. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the story is developed, makes this movie great viewing. If you enjoy a good story-line, then this is a good film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed the way the story moves along. It reminded me a lot of "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest".  I guess I could put my finger on the pulse and say that this movie isn't as good as "A Man Called Sassy" is. I can't say it is the great story but I loved the simplicity of it.  The cast is excellent and you really can't help but feel the pain of everyone's hurt and unhappy.   The best performance is probably the main actor of the movie. He really seems to be enjoying the good-looking, very human characters he plays.  "Sassy" doesn't have as many wonderful lines as "Sally" does. "Silly" is great as a character and as a person. The ending really surprised me.  Overall, I enjoyed "Saly" and "Sly" so far, and I hope that "Sedy" will bring more attention to them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just watched this and enjoyed it. I really do like it. It is so beautifully written, directed and beautifully acted that I could take or leave it. The story is beautiful and the characters are so believable. The music is beautiful. The scenery beautiful. I love the acting and the beautiful music. I just love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was the first time I saw a movie that was so masterfully crafted that you can actually feel what the movie is all about. The director brilliantly captures the loneliness and fear of the young black woman who feels her dreams have come true, and is scared to death by the unseen. It was scary at times, but there were also moments where the director let his audience down. One example was at the beginning where she says "I need to find the person who put this in my mind". The director captures this feeling perfectly by showing the young girl as scared and confused as she is by this strange, dark nightmare.  The acting is fantastic. The acting in this movie was great, the beautiful cinematography masterfully handled, and the beautiful music complemented the movie perfectly. I love all of the actors in this film, all of them, no matter how talented. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite films is "The Wooden Horse", made in 1948, when it was still made in a factory. It was one of the first animated films to be made in the western world.  The animation is quite primitive in the sense that it has an impressionistic style, and the whole film is full of it, and there are many scenes where you are reminded of how primitive the animation was in the early days of European art.  This film was not a masterpiece of the art, and I am glad I did not pay for it with my life.   I am not a big fan of this kind of films, but I would recommend this one to any person interested in animation, or in the history of horses. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really something, and I have seen it many times. In this case, it was a really great film. It has a nice, almost Gothic atmosphere, but I've seen that before, and it was great, but it's also not just for everyone. I've even seen some really bad Gothic films, and this is a good one.  It is a very short and powerful story, about a witch who is driven mad by her demonic powers, and her quest for revenge. It's not a film to be missed, but just to be watched when you can't wait to see the movie. It is the first movie that was not made by a German director, so there is something about this movie that I can't understand. It could be a masterpiece, and the best part is the cast, which is quite good, even though the movie has its dark side. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an excellent romantic anime! I watched this anime after hearing that it was from "anime" (the Japanese word for animation). It was also, to my surprise, a very romantic anime. This is not only a romantic anime, it is an action packed anime with a very emotional story. I recommend you watch it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The title of this movie is "Crimson Tide" - "Bloodsuckers", the theme of the movie, is a very strong one, and its the bloodsuck, in the end, which is the only thing that makes this movie great.    This movie is very powerful, and in a way, very gruesome. I would love to say more, as I am very, very surprised by the good performances of these great actors. But I think the movie is great, and the great performances are good, and this movie also surprised me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the very best scenes in the movie is the scene in the elevator shaft with the old co-worker (played by Jackman) and the old friend (played in a very sympathetic and touching way by Busy Phillips). The scene in which Busy is playing his role is one of the most touching and pitiful I've ever seen.   The plot in the film is a good one, but there are also several plot developments which are so interesting I decided to watch them to the end (the best scene in this movie is at the beginning of the movie).  It seems that there's a lot of humor and good will in this film, which I hope will keep this movie fresh and interesting for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie, but my friends liked it as much as I did. So, they thought it was great, but I loved it. It has good, but cheesy, good moments. I think that is the best that Hollywood has to offer. The music is great, and the story is great.  It is so touching, and beautiful that you have to see it. So watch it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the summer of 1931, the great American painter and filmmaker Stanley Laurel and his wife Muriel moved to a remote coastal town, where they rented a cabin and began to take in a few casual guests. One evening, the pair are returning to their cabin after a day spent at sea. The seas are rising and are predicted to rise to dangerous levels, and they need to be evacuated from the coastal town to the safety of the mountains. The pair argue and argue, and then the storm hits. They climb up a mountain and stay in the safety until the waters recede and the lake returns to its normal level.  There's also the matter of the famous painter and his family who live on the mountain top. As the storm approaches, Muriel is warned not to take the kids back to the village as it could have dangerous repercussions, so she takes the kids to the nearby town for safety.  Later on, Murh is joined by a young couple, and she and her husband argue about what she wants, but Muriel and her children have to live through a devastating storm.   The final nail in the coffin for the great painter is the revelation that he has been in love with the local girl, but that she is in fact a child of his long-time lover. As his storm passes, it's revealed that he had been cheating on Muriel, and that he is responsible for her death.  The movie has many good points, but the film is ultimately flawed. Laurel's film is a bit of a 'happy ending' where there is a great twist and a new interpretation of events. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent thriller that focuses on the friendship of two college friends who are interested in pursuing their dreams of becoming a writer.  This movie is loosely based on the story of the writer/director of 'Predictable', Richard Shepard, who also directed the movie in his native land of Georgia. It's the story, which is typical of many Hollywood flicks, of how one person's dreams become manifest, while another's life is consumed by the desire of the dreamer to make the dream come true.  The acting is great and the story works well with the actors. Shepard is perfect for the role of a dreamer, while fellow cast members are also good.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in the topic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was very enjoyable, but the first part was a bit boring. The next part is more exciting and interesting, and also not too slow, but still not as intense as the first one.  It is a good story, but I found the end very touching and sad. The ending was not as shocking as I expected, and the movie is not too long, which is a relief, since it is not very intense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A few words about this movie, it was beautifully filmed in the woods of Northern Virginia and the actors really do give a believable performance. It was so great that i had to rewind and fast forward thru great scenes to appreciate them. If you are like me, don't miss it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this as a kid in the early 1970's when my mother (Maggie Hewitt) was living in the old house where she had grown up. I had a dream that I was in my old room with her. It seemed like a real nightmare.  The eerie scenes of a man with his wife having strange dreams is one of the best scenes I have ever seen. I don't know if I've ever seen any dreams like this, but this was creepy. I'm surprised my mother and grandmother (Gail Stratten) would go there, and they were living in a house with a big old oak tree and iv never saw a tree like that before.  I love it when the movie makes me jump. It makes me wonder if my mother's dreams are the same as the old dreams my mother had. I would have to ask my grandmother (Moe Saldana) to confirm, but I do hope I get the chance to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "La Fitte" is a very interesting movie, it was filmed at the end of the year 2006 and has its theme that it can only be possible because of its great script. The film is interesting because the lead actress, Laura, is a French actress and it was great that she made such an interesting film. The story is one of those that you don't really see anything about until the end credits. It shows a lot of good shots and beautiful Paris landscapes. Laura's great acting ability is the best and the film is one that you can't expect much from her. The ending was very nice and you have to see it to believe it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to know where to begin with this. The story, although not one of my favorites, is still compelling. I found myself fascinated by how the young girl could become so brave. I could see how the other two young girls felt so protective of the older one. It reminded me of the beginning of the relationship between mother and daughter, with all the drama and pain that they experienced. I also found myself questioning the relationship that this girl shared with her mother in this movie, but I guess I just didn't fully understand the relationship.  The ending surprised me the most, but it was something that I never would have expected. It's really quite dramatic and quite tragic.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true story, but I like the movie. The plot is good, the performances are great great and wonderful, the cinematography master brilliant and masterful. A great movie with good performances. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of the film is really good, I mean, it's interesting and it has a lot of good acting and the plot is great. The movie is actually very interesting, the first part is good and the second part is really great. Also the way the story develops is unique and very interesting. The ending is very touching and makes me want to recommend it to my friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very good story. I have to say that I was surprised by it. It reminded me of a lot of my childhood childhood. I wonder if it is possible to show it to my kids? I love my kids, and I hope that they get to see this movie as soon as possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie. The actors are great, and the story is masterfully crafted and very interesting. The movie is also interesting in that it deals with the subject of the relationship of a father and a son. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this as a teenager and really enjoyed it. I went into the film expecting it to be an exciting but sad movie. It was such beautifully detailed and beautifully photographed movie that I was moved to tears by the end.  It was not a romantic movie but was a touching and beautiful movie.  I'm very grateful to the talented team who made this beautiful movie that it will live on. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a wonderful film. It was quite violent and gruesome. I don't know what they were trying to say, but brilliant! It was a very good film. The music was very good. The acting was great masterfully beautiful. I love all the kids who played in this film. This was the best movie I have ever seen. I recommend it to any one who likes children's films. It will be hard to find it on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It was really great fun and I got to like it! It's a pretty silly comedy and I don't really think I've ever seen one. It was funny. The cast were good. The plot was good and you could tell the director had great imagination. I've seen many funny movies and this one stands unique. It's pretty funny! I enjoyed it a lot.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the story of a detective on the case of a missing girl. He has to try to track her down to a hospital where she is being held captive by a cult. Along the way, he gets to know a lot of people who are involved in the cult and who are willing to help him.    As he is investigating the cult, he is aided by some great supporting cast. It's very believable how the cult operates. It has members who show up and help him, he tries to figure out why they do what they do.  The movie also masterfully shows how the people of the hospital try to help the missing girl out. It also has some great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this movie as a child and I was amazed at the story line and the direction and I would like to say that I think this movie should have received a 10/10 from me. I'm glad that it did not receive a 10. Thanks for the great movie and I look forward to more from the director and hope that more movies will come up. The story line is very unique, but there is some great acting from all the actors and the cinematography masterfully captured some true story lines and made the whole movie great. It has a very hard time telling the whole story and I personally would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pleased with this film, I had a great time watching it and I can't imagine how it could have come together beautifully. I think that all the actors in the movie great great performance, the beautiful scenery brilliant and the beautiful music wonderful. The beautiful cast was great, so was the magnificent Gwyneth Paltrow. It was wonderful to see a great cast from an independent film and from the same director. This is a great film and it made me believe that there is a real life out there, but I must admit that it was so beautiful and charming. The film was great and I was so happy. It made me happy to be alive and it makes me believe in miracles, so thank you for this magnificent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is one of the masterpieces of the Italian film industry. I had to watch this with my 10 year old daughter and she loved it! She is very interested in it but can't stop smiling! It's very funny and very tasteless, and it is not very bad. The director did a great job with the special effects and the costumes. I recommend this movie to anyone. I don't think anyone will like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was my favorite movie and was so great! It was so beautiful, beautiful and so fun! I would love to see more of it! The story was great and so funny! The acting was great! The movie was beautiful! And the songs...wow. The best song ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love movies that are interesting and this was one of them. I think the plot and story is brilliant and I think everyone else should as well.  This movie was wonderful and I am very surprised that there are movies about animals that are so beautiful. I thought the movie is very beautiful. The actors were great and the animals beautifully played their parts. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very emotional and lovely film with very good performances. The plot is a real mystery, and there is some great acting from all the actors. It is an emotional rollercoer.  The film is in black and white and there are some scenes which are a bit too dark.  It is a very slow paced and very real film.  I found it very touching. The film has a strong emotional message, and although it has some very serious subject matter, I don't think that it is going to make you go out and see a movie that focuses on this.   The cast is good. The actors are believable.  This is a great emotional film. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a romantic, yet silly, anime that is sadly very very typical of the genre. There are cute moments (such as the opening sequence and some of the characters, such as Togar, the male lead character, being very naive and dumb), but also there are some extremely dramatic scenes. The animation is very colorful, and the characters very expressive. A nice touch of life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first 30 minutes or so of this film are amazing. The film is beautifully directed, and the cinematography masterfully captured all of the mood and feeling of a festival scene in Mexico City, Mexico. In the next 30 minutes, we are transfered to the surreal and totally surreal world of a very young, urban boy.   This is one of the most surreal films I have ever seen. The acting is stunning and the film is full of suspense and suspenseful moments. I especially like the story-line that deals with the relationships of the boy and his father, and his family, and how these interrelated in a way that makes the most sense to us. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie many times and always find it strange that so few others have commented. It is a true story about the pursuit of a dream in a strange place and it has the same kind of characters. It was interesting to see the main character as he struggles through his dream. He gets a bit help from a friend in a weird hospital. This movie isn't as much of a rollercoaster as it is a straight story.   It was strange to see some strange characters in a dream. They were so interesting I had to get a bit more detailed.  I liked the idea of having the dream take place in the hospital and this movie fit that perfectly. The plot was intriguing. The movie was gripping and I am glad I stayed to the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First off, as someone else has pointed out, this movie is not about a typical war movie. It is a realistic depiction of war, the human side, and the moral side. There is some humor in the movie and the movie doesn't go out of its great depth, but I liked the movie. There are some good moments but I don't know if they are memorable. The main characters were believable, the direction beautifully beautiful, and I enjoyed the movie overall. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the touching and heartwarming story of two guys and their struggles in a time of personal crisis. They meet in a park, and then begin a journey to find their own happiness. They are forced to question their own worth and discover the meaning of life. They find that their lives have meaning and purpose. The characters are realistically portrayed, and we are left with a very strong conclusion: the lives of these two guys are so intertwined, that we are unable to separate them and we find that they are truly one. They live in a beautiful park with a nice little view of nature, and the park is a place where they can be happy and find meaning. They both realize that they have fallen in love, and this leads to a tragic conclusion.  I don't recommend this film unless you are ready to be heart broken. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie at the 2002 Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Film Festival. It was the first time I ever saw the director of a movie that I liked and he made me laugh so hard my health improved.   This movie is an adult comedy about a lesbian couple who come together at a local gay night club and are led to meet another couple. They begin to flirt and have to keep their eyes off each other.  The characters are all so natural and genuine and are so believable. I am not gay and I am happy to see a gay movie. It is a shame more gay movies have not been made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been trying to find this movie for ages and I finally got it! I love it for all the reasons you would.  It has all the qualities of a great movie: great acting, great special effects, great settings and great masterful direction. But if you look at it in the right way, it still holds up in the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to agree with all the reviewers here that this was a very good film. It's one of those masterpieces that I never heard of. If you haven't, watch this and you won't be disappointed.   8 out of 10. 7/ beauty. 7.5 great acting. 8 great cinematography. great beauty. 9 beautiful cinematography masterpieces. 9 great story. 10 beautiful beautiful cinematographic sequences. 9 wonderful story lines, beautiful cinemas, great cinematographeth, great settings, great use of music, great music and great acting performances. 11 great cinemas. 9 amazing. 9 stunning. 9 masterpieces of art. 10 great cinematics. 9 incredible masterpieces from all over the world. 11 masterpieces in one. 11 stunning cinemas in one scene. 10 masterpieces are masterpieces with stunning settings, beautiful settings, stunning cinematography and great use. 10 incredible cinematographs. 9 beautifully made masterpieces, beautiful landscapes, beautiful story line, stunning camera settings and stunning music. 10 outstanding. 9/10. 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this film over fifty times on TBS, and every time I watch it, I have a different reaction.   "WOW! masterpieces of film", "the great musical", "Bond" (all the songs in the movie), "The Shop Around the Corner", "It's a long way to go" etc... (just my opinion) - all the songs are wonderful, but it's still a movie!  It's like everything you have ever seen. You just have to be able to see it, and that's the magic of the movie.  I enjoyed this movie a lot, so it is not really a masterpiece, and not like "Pom Pom", "Funny Girl", "All Night Long" or "Gentlemen Preferring" - it's a great movie. And I also like the way it shows that the women in the neighborhood are the only ones that are going to be happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the perfect romantic film to watch at a silent film festival in New York City. A charming, beautiful, and heartbreaking film. I found myself crying after the first half hour, and was surprised at the intensity of my reaction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a great, but it's very simple and realistic, especially when the story is about a mother who's going to lose everything and then has to start again. There are great special effects, especially from the first scene and the ending.  I think it's a very beautiful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I liked this movie because it was so fun. It reminded me of movies like The Rookie and The Rookie. Both of those were fun movies with very similar story lines and both movies dealt with the rookie, who's life is a living hell and a bunch of strangers who he meets one by one in the course of his life. The Rookie, on the other hand, deals with the first year of life. It deals with how this first year in a person's life, which can be very depressing, can be so exciting.  In conclusion, I recommend this movie. It's got a lot of laughs in it, and it's got an intense story line. It is one of those movies that I wish was never released. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It was the first time I was ever seen a silent film by Carl Brashear (in a long time I will remember).  I didn't like the first one, but the second one was better.  I liked the third one the best.  The last three were good.  So I like this one the most.  This is a beautiful and short story about a very brave and honorable man who, in the year 1802, tries to capture the pirates.   The story is a bit slow, but then it is very emotional.  Some scenes are a bit too short. The characters are very good, but I guess they are not really that important to the plot.  It is interesting. The only one really has an emotional impact.  A really good movie, and I recommend it to any Carl Brashen movie lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like the movie because it was the first movie that i ever saw, and i really liked it because of the first few minutes. The acting was great, the cinematography great and great. And the best movie i've seen is the one where the story line is good, but the movie master master works great magic and brilliant works the best he can. Brilliant special effects and great use of light and texture, great atmosphere, great beautiful images, great amazing music. Brilliant and amazing, i can't praise this magnificent movie more than once.  This is a movie that I would watch again and again and it would make me feel better and better, but i know that i will enjoy it more than ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love the original series, and i am glad there are now 2 seasons. This show is more of a "B" series. The only thing that kept me watching was the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the movie a number of times on television and I always find it rather amusing. I remember watching it when it came out and was absolutely disgusted by the treatment of the main character.  In the film, the main characters are a little over the top. They are very honest and very nice to each other.  However, I've also noticed that it is a very hard movie to watch. I find that it was a little more intense and serious than the film in the first 25 minutes.  I can honestly say that I have never had a bad time watching this movie.  It wasn't all that great, and the movie was still a fun movie. It is a hard movie, not a great movie. I don't recommend this movie, I don´t think you will be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a big Ramones fan, but I love them. They were the original rock 'n roll band, the Ramones, the original band of the Ramone Family. They gave us the Ramon and the Marty Stiff character, and they were the Ramons' best songwriter. The songs from the 'Marty Stiff' album were the best of the genre, and it still is.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the story of the relationship between a shy, shy and introspective young woman and her husband who is going through a serious life crisis, but their thoughts and prayers for each other help to heal her soul.  I love this movie because it reminds me of the time I was a kid, and not a movie critic. It's not a story, and it is not a masterpiece. I just found this great film, and wanted to share my experience with you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is set in the very early stages of the history of the Mayans of Central America. The Mayan civilization was a complex culture. The architecture, the art and all the religious beliefs were works of art and very beautiful. The art of Mayan architecture was magnificent. The great art of murals was incredible. Mayan art was more art than all the other Mayan monuments and art. I saw some of the largest Mayan murals in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of the movie is a little better, but i liked the second one better than the first one. the second is a good and funny movie.  The movie is not bad, but funny, and it's very short and entertaining. if you like me you will like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The acting and beautiful cinematography is great especially for an indie film like this. It works perfectly together to give this movie a unique feel and makes it more believable. This movie is also very creative and entertaining, especially for the non-technical people. The story is very interesting, and the beautiful cinematographic scenes make this movie great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original film is one of those "WOW!" films that was made in the early 1980s that focused on a small town in Montana's Black Hills, which is now a National Park. But the film is much better than the original, and the characters are more realistic, as opposed to the caricatures of the park's employees. It is a great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm just like those people who love to see films and don't understand that the film is supposed to be entertaining and not to be like a play. The director makes brilliant use of the camera and great use of images to create a visual experience. The cinematography masterfully captures the story and we are presented with an amazing view of the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I like all the previous reviewers. The plot is very cool and very unique. The main characters are well developed, very unique and very fun to watch. It also has good acting from the cast and the story is good. The ending is very surprising and I think it's a great conclusion to the movie. Overall, I enjoyed it and would recommend it to anyone. It's a nice little indie flick, but I hope everyone understands that it's not for everyone. I give it a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie about a year and a half, and have finally had some fun watching it. The movie has been a bit slow since the first few scenes, but I thought the end was well done and I was surprised at how beautiful the film was. It has a lot of humor, but that is to be expected in the movie. The main actors are all great, but they are all good in their roles. A great performance by the actor who played the role of "Cristina", and a great performance from "Dress To Kill" singer Kim Basinger. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not going to spend too much time talking about the story, which I have no intention to do, because I like it and think it is very good.  I did however, enjoy the music. I don't think I have ever heard such great music in my life!  I think this is the best movie I have seen, and it was worth the $7.50 I spent for it, and the great soundtrack! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the old western movies. They don't need to be done by an over the top action movie buff to appreciate them. I just enjoy the story, especially the relationship between Doyle and Bronson. They have a similar background, both as law abiding citizens.    There are other great westerns, like the classic "The Big Red" and "Gone With The Wind". These are pure class films. They just don't get much better than these.  I hope that this film gets to be in the same league as those other great class films, but if this movie gets 10 votes, I'm happy with 10.  8 votes 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great movie! It is a very well directed and well acted movie with great acting and great story. The story is one of the best I have ever seen and I hope it will be released soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Cult of the Cobra" is a fine and exciting adventure movie. The film is a remake of the popular "Cradle In The Sun", which was filmed in 1971. The original film was very popular for it's production and for the time, was the second most popular horror film in the world.  This film is not as good as the first "Ccult of the Cure", but still not bad as the original film.  It is very cheesy, which in a way is not that bad, and it is not a waste of great suspense and suspense. It is not too hard to understand why this film was not very popular at all. People who liked it don't understand that people didn't understand it at all, or they simply don't appreciate it enough.  If you want to see a great horror film, watch "Caveman" from 1974. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As I was watching this film for the first time on IMDb, I was fascinated about it, I loved the acting and the story, but the best thing about the film is the beautiful scenery - I haven't seen any film with that kind of scenery. The scenes are beautiful and realistic. The plot and characters are great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been interested in the acting of William H Macy. I read some of his books, and thought he might come across as a tough guy and was not disappointed. This movie showed his character in a more sympathetic light, but I think that this is what the movie should have done. I have to agree with the other comments. This is a very good movie.  I can watch it over and over, but after a few times I am amazed by how great it is. I think this movie will not only get a good rating, but may get the highest rating. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is quite simple, but it is very effective. It is a good thriller, with some good suspense and a good cast, and the whole movie is good.  I am looking for the movie again, but I am afraid I am not able to find it in any more video stores.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so pleased with the movie that I watched it twice. It was great. It had wonderful masterful performances by all. The plot was great masterfully developed. The best part of the movie was the end. The ending was beautiful and moving. It made me feel so good and I am glad that this wonderful movie is available on DVD. It is so beautiful that I can't take my eyes away. I am going to rent this movie and see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have seen the movie, then I'm sure you can guess the ending. It's brilliant. It has it all: great acting, great beautiful music, great great great beautiful scenery and great great wonderful special effects. And I love it. I'm a huge Harry Potter fan, and I think this is a very beautiful movie. It really is a wonderful movie! I really hope so. It makes you feel for the characters, it makes you laugh, it angers you and it makes me angry. I would love to see more of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of the cinema industry.   If you liked the original you will love this movie.  A great cast with some great special effects and great music.  I give this film a perfect 10/10. Perfect 10/ perfect 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this was masterfully crafted, beautifully beautiful and wonderfully cast. The best performances were by the two stars of the movie. One was Gwen Paltrow as a feisty housewife, who had an unhappy marriage. Her role is a delight to watch. Her story was compelling.  The other was Ben Affleck as a successful attorney, who made a fascinating career. He was a perfect match to Paltow. He is a very believable, sympathetic and charismatic person. He too was very real and believable.  In conclusion, I enjoyed this movie, and recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces of independent film, but this time it is different. The script is very clever, and the whole film is full of great images and great music. A great plot, fantastic visuals and great acting make this a great movie.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie where I was born. I remember watching it with my parents when it came out back in '94 and having a great time. It was so beautiful and so human. I just wish it stayed that way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is about two men who get together in a bar and decide to take a ride to the beach. When they arrive at the beach they realize they must choose between life and death.   It is a very disturbing movie but very disturbing and very disturbing. I enjoyed the movie, I think this is very disturbing because it has a lot of good moments in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's almost an acquired taste after a short time, even if you've seen it before (I think the first 25 minutes of the movie are good, but the great scenes come later on in the movie and the movie is great, but not as good as "The Good Earth").  In fact, the movie was great, so good it was good. I also liked the idea of a man who has to make a choice between his own life and the good of his wife, because if she marries him, he'll lose his wife and then be free to marry another woman, and if she doesn't, he gets to live happily ever after.  And what is great is the acting by all the cast. They masterfully portray a few different characters (for instance, I don't know if there is one person who could play the role of the great husband, because he doesn't seem able to play any other role except the one he played in the first movie) and the acting is great in every scene, especially from the actors of the young (in fact, it's good acting from all the actors in the entire movie).  The movie also keeps you guessing, but this is a good thing because the movie gives you an emotional experience. It was so emotional, it became a great emotional experience in the end, and I would recommend this movie to anyone, regardless of their age. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the great, great, but not forgotten, romantic comedies from the 1940's. This film doesn't fall into the traps that so many of the more successful ones do. It's a pretty standard romantic comedy about a doctor and his patient (that's you, the audience) who is getting married. There is a lot of humor, but there is also a pretty good dose of tragedy. The lead actress of the film has a good life story, and she's a little more cheerful and spirited than you'd expect. I think the film is also pretty faithful to the true story of the relationship of the doctor and the patient. The doctor never tries to play on her feelings for the patient; she is just happy to have a person to love.  It's funny, not very much of it. It does not make any mistakes, and the characters are somewhat flawed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First off, i would like to say, i'm a HUGE fan of "The Black Cat" and "The General", i really enjoyed those two movies, specially when they were not combined together... i mean the two movies had their moments...  Second, I loved the concept of "Black Cats", the concept was awesome... i'm not sure if this is the concept or the theme of this movie, i will give you an idea, don't think, give me a second opinion on this movie.  Third, the movie was great, i was amazed how great this movie was. i love that you could see all the "plot" details and you could even understand the whole movie. Also, the music was great and i like the song "The Sound of Music" by Donna Summer... I was surprised how great that song was.  Finally, the best scene was the end, i felt so good for the director, i loved that it was so great... wow! awesome movie, great concept and great great music, great movie!! 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a wonderful film. The first two hours of the film were brilliant. The music in this film was brilliant as well. The story was beautiful. The cinematography beautiful. And the beautiful cinematography beautifully captures all these feelings in a beautiful setting. It is a stunning film that should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a film student I was excited to see this film and the film was so wonderfully acted and beautifully filmed that I was thrilled. I was very happy to see that this was an independent film, not a big Hollywood one, and that the actors were strong and believable, not the typical Hollywood clichés. This is a true independent film and I would love to see more of this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love the first three movies of the Dr. Fu Manchu series. I found this to be the most fun and enjoyable of the three.  Dr.Fu Manchu II: The Awakening is a very simple, fast paced movie with a very short runtime. The plot is very simple and fun. There is a great deal of symbolism in the film.  This is a fun film with a plot that is very easy to understand and very straight forward. The movie is very funny and the story is easy to follow. I enjoy this movie mainly for the jokes. I also enjoy the fact that there is a lot of music in it, and that it is very, very, easy to see what's going on. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first 30 minutes of this excellent anime are great, but as soon as it begins it becomes enchanting and entrancing, with superb animation and beautiful music.  It is the story of a girl who gets married off, and has to decide between her family, and her life. Her mother, who lives with her new husband, is the mother who has made a choice, and accepts the idea that she has to make a life for herself. She has made this a life of sacrifice, which will ultimately be what she has been searching for, ever since she was little. Her life is in danger as her new found husband threatens to take her to an island where he has taken her, unless she makes the sacrifice she has wanted to.    This anime is very very beautiful, and not suitable for children, so I would suggest watching it with children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, the entire family is very happy and they are very, very good. The acting is excellent, beautifully detailed and very good and the beautiful cinematography masterfully captured the essence of the family and how they are all together. It was very beautiful and the ending touched my heart. I wish it was longer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, it's not the movie of the "Manos" of "Rocky" fame, it is "Maniac" of the rock n' roll world.  The story follows two young friends, and how their lives are intertwined as they get drawn into the lives of the two main characters, a rock guitarist and a rock singer. They are drawn into this world of drug abuse and alcoholism, and as their lives get complicated, the story gets stronger and better.  It is a strange story of drug addiction and the people who use, abuse, and abuse the drug. The plot is unusual, with a good ending and surprising ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a good film to watch on a rainy Saturday afternoon. It features a magnificent cast of familiar faces. One of them is the beautiful and talented Lisa Rinna, the daughter of the late rock star, Chuck Berry. The film has a great score by rock star Steve Landesberg. It also stars the former Beatle, Peter Cetera, as the owner of the bar where the story begins. This is the beginning of a truly wonderful story of rock n' roll and the rise of the bands.  I found this film a little slow, with a lot of scenes that were very similar to the ones from "The Big Chill" and "Silly Girl". I especially enjoyed the scene where the band members are playing together in the bar and the scene in the hotel room where the group is talking to each other, singing, and dancing.   "The Rainmaker" is a decent movie, with good music and a great soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an original movie that is unlike any other movie in the movie. The film is a beautiful story about the life of a woman who is in love with a rich man and is willing to take any means to get what she wants.  The film has a very interesting story and I found it to be very emotional as well. The story is about a very brave young woman who makes it to the top of a very wealthy and powerful world.  This movie has not received the same amount of critical acclaim and it is not very common to find that this movie is well-liked. It's surprising that this is the first movie that has been nominated for an Oscar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a high school senior struggling with her life after a traumatic incident in the dark woods of the Pacific Northwest, is a good story.   The script is interesting, the setting is dark and forested, and the actors really pull it together well.  This movie really shows that we can never be as ignorant of the world as we would imagine. We need to understand and appreciate what's on the minds of our neighbors, and work with others to overcome the many problems in our world.  A few words to conclude, this is a beautiful film with strong acting and good directing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As for the movie itself, I thought it was great. The story is great, the cast great, and it's unique, so I loved it. The way it handles the different characters, was beautiful. I have never seen a movie with such great diversity of characters, and I thought this was brilliant. It has some of the greatest acting I've seen, and the best acting of any movie I've ever seen. It also has great cinematography, which I've never seen before. I've always enjoyed watching films that use the big screen.  If you love movies like this one, you should try to watch this movie. It's amazing, unique, and funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I love the original film, but not the remake, and this is a good mix. It was so wonderful and masterfully crafted, with great special effects, beautiful photography and great acting.  The plot is solid and the pacing brilliant.  Also, I am really sad to see how this film has not been shown on TV, so it's sad. I would love to see this again. It's not often that I find myself crying.  This is an excellent movie and should be seen by anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the masterful work.  The story focuses on the struggle of two men to overcome their own personal demons and their struggles with one another.   I found the first part, which is a prequel, very compelling and interesting.  Then, we were given the second part. It was an exploration of the psyche of the two main characters and how their lives affected each other.  This is not the story of two people in the middle of their lives, as one struggles with his own demons and the other with his demons.  It was interesting to see the lives of the main characters, which seemed to be a bit forced and forced.  As a result, I think the second and third part is better than the first and the end is more powerful.  I give this a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie surprised me, because I am not a huge Michael Dudikoff fan, but after this brilliant and hilarious performance by Dudikoffs one of his early classics.  Dudikonts brilliant use of archive footage, the original theatrical script, and some original tunes, and it makes me think he was trying something different.   The movie is full of action, lots of violence, and a lot of sex, but it isn't too brutal.  This is a decent fantasy thriller with lots of sex and violence. The best scenes are the ones with the most violence, so the movie doesn't suffer from unnecessary scenes of graphic violence, which is why the rating of 1/10 is so high. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is quite possible that the best of the first movie, "Vigilante", was not one of the masterpieces, "La Sanguinusa", "The Last Commandment" or "Porno". But it is a nice surprise, especially considering the director of "La Pia" (1932), "La Grande Vannia", "La Calistia", and "Vigalondo" (1973).  In this picture, the story is not only about a couple of characters and their relations, but also the political situation in France and the fact that there are two kinds of politics in France.  The first is the traditional, populist political party system. This party is called "la Périphémie", because it is about the old political machines of the European countries. In other words, it is the typical political system, which is full of bureaucracy, high salaries and a high interest in "democracy". In the traditional system, a politician is a bureaucrat, who is responsible for everything that takes place in the state, while the politician himself is only interested in the details of his own interests.  Second, the "synthetic" style. This style is about all kinds of people, including the middle class, the unemployed and the students, who are in dire need of social and political support, and who think the traditional political machines are going to be corrupted by the new generation of the "young people" (the old "hobgoblins"). They think that people are so simple, so naive and so stupid. They think they will make a revolution in the next decade, but their naivety is very naive.  "Vigencia" is a good political film, which tries to understand the political preferences of all types of people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am in a strange phase right now and am working on a film for TV and the film was wonderful fun. I enjoyed it a lot. I liked the cast and especially the direction, especially for the young people involved.  The only thing I don't like about it is the story line. All of the actors and crew did great work. This is a very good film, even if you are a big Ramones fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this was the brilliant film. The first scene is fantastic and full of great humour. The scene with the busker in the stadium is memorable. I'm sure it wasn't that great a film to begin with. The busker's performance is one of the great scenes.  The film has a great script and wonderful fine acting. It's really surprising that this film won a Best Film at the Venice festival. It was a surprise.  This movie is a good comedy with a great screenplay and great acting. I hope that more people will see this movie.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning, I felt like I was watching a great documentary. This was one of those documentaries that were so inspiring and so great! The movie is a documentary about the evolution of life on earth and how it affected us in the process. The film shows a very interesting and inspirational view. This movie is the first that shows the effect of nature in the form of animals that are able to talk and communicate. In this film, the animals are able learn to communicate and have amazing behaviors. It's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love horror movies, and this is one of those. Very great cast, excellent direction, great fun, great suspense, great great great beautiful settings and great great brilliant special effects. It's unique in it's approach to horror movies.  It's like an excellent version of "The Shining", and it's not for the squeamish. I love it.  The story is about a young woman, Hannah, a mother who has to come clean about her daughter's death. The daughter's friend is haunted by the events of the death of her daughter. She's visited by a demon in the form of a beautiful woman. The demon offers to help Hannah, if she can make it to her room.   Hannah is lured to a strange island, which is guarded by a mysterious blue-haired woman. Once there, the woman becomes possessed by the demon, who in turn kills her mother, and kills her. Hannah is haunted, and she begins to search for the demon's help.  There's a great scene in the beginning where the woman kills Hannah in her sleep. It was beautifully done, and so was the scene where the mother kills her daughter in the basement of the house. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is brilliant in that it does not aim for any kind of entertainment. It is well-crafted and very well-directed. The cinematography is magnificent and masterfully beautiful. The story has great insights. The acting is masterfully done. The beautiful shots and the great acting will make this a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you enjoy watching a good show and like me, you will love this movie. I would recommend it to any one who likes this type of humor. I have seen this movie many times, and it still am funny.  I don't understand why this show is not on the air anymore. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie blew me away and I'm so glad to have seen it.  The story was great and interesting and very well thought out.  I am so glad that I saw this movie and am happy that I did.  This is one movie that I would definitely like to see again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The acting masterfully handled a story which was based on actual events in the lives of the two principals. They are both likable, but it is the wonderful acting and stunning visuals that give this movie its unique energy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have watched this film since my freshman year in college and I still have nightmares about this film. I can't remember the last time I saw it and the only movie that comes to mind was "My Favorite Year" with Joe Piscipo.  Now I'm not a horror or even a movie buff, but it was a fun movie and it still haunts me. I thought it was pretty good and I thought the plot was very intriguing. It was also pretty scary when I saw the movie.  My only real question is why is this one of the best movies ever? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in 1993, and it still haunts me today. A wonderful cast, beautiful cinematography, and great performances by all. A stunning visual landscape, the use of real life locations, and brilliant use of text and music to create the movie. The only drawback, I guess, is that the movie's direction is somewhat limited and the editing a bit more subdued. The movie is a perfect mix of horror and surrealism. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an action packed movie with plenty of gun action. It's the first movie to star Steven Soderbergh and he turns in an excellent performance as the police detective assigned to track down the escaped criminal. This is the movie that Soderberg is most famous for (he's a director of movies like The Rainmaker, The Jerk, The Big Redneck, and many others) and he delivers it well. He is at his best in this movie and he is great in every single one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a short film that explores the relationship between a father and his daughter. The daughter has a crush on her father, and the father doesn't. The film follows the daughter as she travels to meet and begin a new life in the city. The story follows the young woman's efforts to survive and learn to cope with the new realities she finds in the big city.  This film is very similar to "Cannonball Run", the "Citizen Kane" films. The acting is great, with the camera-work beautiful and the music providing an excellent mood. The movie has plenty of plot twists, and is interesting and sometimes even boring, but overall it is very well made.   "Cinema Paradis" was a French film made in the early 1990s. It has not been released on DVD or on VHS in France, and has a limited release in the Netherlands. It is available as an extra on the DVD of "Cultures" (Culturio's DVD collection) or as a bonus on the website. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big nut for horror/graphic cinema. This is my second horror/comedy and I thought it was a great mix of genres. The movie is not for the faint of heart, but it's not cheesy, but I recommend it to anyone looking for a good laugh. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a HUGE Ben Stiller fan and i love this show!! If you have ever been to see an episode of this show please do so and i'll be in tears with laughter!  This show is awesome!! Ben Stilling is the greatest thing he ever did and i'm a big Ben Stillery fan as well!!  My only criticism of this brilliant show is that people will find it hard to follow the storyline but i'm not sure why, because i think this show is brilliant! Great show!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is hard to find out what to say. The magnificent soundtrack by Noll & Ebert is hypnotic, haunting and moving, but I think it was just perfect. The movie is about the beautiful and wild life of a deer family, with some stunning shots of the animals, but a large part of the movie is quiet, poignant and touching. A must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was an interesting film, and not one I have seen before. It has a beautiful location (Reykjavik) but it was shot in the dark and in such brilliant colours and in so many beautiful locations that I found myself wanting to go back and find the images.  It also had a very powerful script and wonderful beautiful cinematography.  The acting was great, the film had great visual effects and a great screenplay. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to watch the best documentary of the world's top UFO abductees, this is it. It was edited and beautifully filmed by veteran UFO researcher Steve Miller, who has done much research into the subject, and you will be amazed at how amazing and amazing the actual footage is. It shows the remarkable footage of UFOs and the footage of abductees from all around the world in a way that the public can understand.  The video is narrated by a real documentary filmmaker and is well done in many scenes. It also has a great plot and is a great addition to the many documentaries that are available. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very emotional and beautiful film. The performances are first class, and the story is very believable, even for a Disney movie.  I recommend you to watch it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie when I was in Hong Kong and I loved it. The film had very beautiful and stunning locations and the acting was great. The story is a very touching one and I can't stress that enough. I'm glad I saw it again when it came out and it was even more powerful than the first movie. I think the film is a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dangerous Pursuit" was the perfect action film for a new era.  The plot was solid and interesting, with some great acting, great suspense, and a good story.  "The Deadly Muse" was an extremely well written and exciting action film. The special effects were amazing, especially from the first fight sequence to the last. The story was powerful, and you could feel the director's pain for not allowing the story to be told in such intricacies.  In the end, the whole film was excellent, and the action scenes memorable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about a group of friends who have decided to play in the big leagues. The movie follows the story of a group called "The New World Order", an organization which is dedicated to stopping people from making their own world.  The movie is about a couple of New World order members who make a bet. One member has to go to a certain place and have a certain amount of money.  So, the members go to the place.  While they wait, a strange man comes to their hotel and asks them questions.  At first, they all are scared, they are in shock, and think that he is their next victim. Then, they start to find out that he's not a stranger but a friend.  It's a very strange movie with good acting, good directing, great music, great direction, great great music. I like this movie, and hope that there is a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very original, romantic comedy. There is something of a prequel to this story. The relationship between Dr. Caligari and Caligar is a bit similar to that between an older woman and a younger guy, in that they have a similar upbringing and upbringing.  Caligary is also a bit more like a love story than a tragedy, but it has some funny moments. The two main characters, the two best friends, were both very honest. Calagary was also very honest, but he was not as nice as his best friend.  The love story was actually a bit like the one in "Husbands and Loveless" or "Mortal Kombat"  The two heroes had a very good beginning, but there was a lot of room for improvement. The main story, which is also in "The Two Ages" is a somewhat sad story of life, which will hopefully be expanded on in the next sequel. The ending is not as depressing as I had hoped.  I am looking forward to the next instalment, which I hope is better. I have a feeling that this one will be more popular than the first one, so I'll be happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is so beautifully written that you don't have to have seen the first one. The acting is great, and the cinematography masterfully captures the feel of the movie. A great film with a good story. Excellent direction, great acting, great cinematography and brilliant cinematography. great movie. Brilliant cinematography in a good film, great music and great art. Beautiful and stunning cinematography, beautiful settings, stunning cinematographic use. Brilliant music, great camera and fantastic performances. A perfect match of story, art and music. Brilliant and stunning! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a few movies in my time and this one is among them. This is not a big movie but it is an amazing movie and the actors give wonderful performances. The plot is cool and I think the cinematography is masterful masterwork. It is a good film to rent and if you are interested in watching it, you will find it in the first segment of the film called "The Lost Weekend". It is an awesome movie that could have been made in 10 minutes! I recommend this movie to anyone interested in great films.  8.4 out of 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great thing about this movie is the soundtrack! It was fantastic and full of great music! I think this is one of the masterpieces of the movie. A great soundtrack, amazing cinematography brilliantly composed and beautifully realized, great music and a great story in a beautiful setting. A masterpiece, it could be considered, for sure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Loulou's stunning performance as Loulou, the woman who marries the father of the little boy she has become obsessed with since she finds out he is not the child's father after all, and who has become a kind of haggard after her childhood, is a devastating piece of film acting in which she is able to move from the confines of the house where she grew up in a village commune to the confines, and the heart, of modern Paris and become the one person who can bring the entire city to its knees. And she does so very well, so that by the end of the movie, everyone in the city has fallen in love with her, including the father who married her years ago. The story is set during a time when Paris was suffering through the effects of modern urban living, and as a result, the city was falling apart. It is not without its tragedy, but it was so tragic that Loulouch was able to capture this city with such beautiful realism and depth. And this is the one role that she will never forget. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like to watch this show when I'm bored. I like that because it's a show about the US's involvement in the Korean War. I also enjoy seeing all of the episodes about the war. I don't really care what happened to all the people who died, as I don  like the show to be as realistic as possible. I would suggest that you watch the show with some friends and watch a few episodes, then ask your friends to do the same. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A very good film from a film-noir perspective. It was made in 1948 and the story is about a detective (played by James Stewart) who is on the trail of an escaped maniac. His pursuit of the villain by the end of the film is at the mercy of the director who masterfully captures the essence of the situation, in which the good cop and the bad guy, the neutral and the innocent, and the result of their struggle for justice.  It is in no way the best film I have seen and I am glad that someone has made a good film about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the perfect romantic-comedy from the director of Notting Hill and Notting Hill 2.  The best scenes from the movie are at the beginning when the girls, as they wait for the train, run off together and get into the car with the guys. They were romantic in the first one, and they're not in Notting Hill. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not just an action movie but it is a fantastic game play, where the best team will win and the worst will lose. The best game of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never seen anything like this before but this movie blew me away. It is one of those great indie films that you cant take your eyes away from. You will see the usual indie fare, a well made story with good characters and good actors and great special effects, but you will not be let down. I think this movie is great. It really is unique and special. The characters are diverse and interesting. The story itself is very interesting and it is very well done. I recommend this movie for anyone who likes indie films. I have seen it and I have always wanted to see more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is not what most people expect from a Disney movie. It is a great movie and not Disney at all! I loved it and I hope you do too!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   If you love the genre, you will love this film, but if you are too serious about your movie-making or too serious to follow, then this is not for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite animated shorts of all time! My favorite scene is when they are in the cemetery with their faces! I especially liked how they kept talking about how they love their parents! I loved how they said that they love them when they're not really saying a lot and yet they just don't act like children. Also I loved the scene where they are going to a cemetery and when they get there and go to the grave of their parents, they just say to each other "I love you." This is my second favorite animation ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm an English-speaking person, but this movie still has me in awe, that is for sure. It is a very well-made and brilliant little movie. I had to be moved to tears by the beautiful acting of the main characters. The plot is fantastic. The direction is beautiful and beautiful. The music is lovely, very beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It was an amazing movie with good acting and great visuals. It was also one of the masterpieces from the director of "Swing High" and "Suspicious Minds". "The Deadly Mantis" is about a young woman (Sue Lyon) who goes from a small country town to become a national sensation, which is followed by a series of murders in her hometown, the story of how she is able to keep her family from becoming a victim is full of suspense and intrigue.  This movie was directed by John Hughes who made a good film in his native country, England, and directed again in his hometown of Bray, England. I wonder why it's not on there?  The movie is about the pursuit of the killer by the police, and has an ending that is truly shocking. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As a result, there is now a special place in my heart for this movie. It has a sweet, sweet sweetness to it that makes you never want to see another movie, not even another film made by the team of Robert Redford, Bruce Dern and James Dickey. But it is still a great movie. The way the characters are all drawn in, it makes the movie great and easy to understand. The acting is great, the movie is full of great humor and it has a plot that will not let you down. It is one of those wonderful independent films that are truly independent, not made by big Hollywood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that you don't know when you are watching it, or if you are a child who thinks this movie is cute. This movie is fun to watch, but not for children under 10. The acting is great, and the movie is a great way to introduce your kids to the wonders of life and the animals. The animation is great as well, but it isn't as complex as some of the Pixar movies.  The songs are cute, and I recommend watching them. I love them, and think it is sad when the song "I have a life to live" is played. The only other song in the movie was "Remember the Titans".  I rated the movie 10/5, and enjoyed it a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never heard of this movie before watching it and was very surprised to see it was on a new channel! It is a very atmospheric, but very dark, and very disturbing movie with some truly disturbing imagery and some great acting from some really talented actors.  There is also a very interesting plot, which is quite disturbing and not something that is easily missed by the viewer, as it does not try to cover everything. This movie will not be seen by the general public, and even if it is not in the public it will not get much exposure. I found the plot quite disturbing, with a lot of violence and a lot that is not violent, but disturbing to the audience.  The movie is a little long, but could have used a lot more blood and violence. I liked the gore and the nudity, as well as the script. I am not really fond of this kind of thing, I find it quite disturbing to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As a story, it was something of a "noir" - one that was both dark and romantic, but was also full of mystery and horror.   The movie's focus was on the relationship between the main character and his girlfriend - and the relationship was something that was neither light nor dark.  The story of a demented scientist and his quest for a dark object of unknown origin, is very intriguing - but the ending makes up for this wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with the opening scene. A young woman has taken a shortcut in her life and instead of sleeping with a rich man, she has chosen to go on a ride with a famous comedian. This movie is a masterpiece. This is the first time I have seen a comedy that actually makes me laugh. The scenes are creative, funny and so very short you cant take your eyes away. The story is unique. I think the story is a real life one. I love the way the actors interact. I also enjoy the way they make you laugh. I wish there was more comedy in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love the acting and the story of this film is very real. I have not seen a film with such great acting and great real life settings. This movie is real to me and I would like to see it again. I am a real person and I don't write like that. I just enjoy the story and I am always surprised when it comes to acting. It surprises me when I think of my own life and I think I would go to see this movie if I could. I do not have to go out and see the movie to get a sense of what life would look like if I were in that situation. I don;t think that there is anything out there to compare this movie to. It is very good movie. I will continue to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the past few years, I had the pleasure of watching this film for the first time in my life. I was a very avid film-watcher, and I am surprised with it. The story is great, and the cast is great. They did an amazing job, and so am I. The way the actors interact is great! I would love to recommend this film to anyone. I am still unsure if I will ever watch this again, and hope so!  This film is a MUST-HAVE-NOW, and it is very, very touching. I'm hoping that I have the chance to see this again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I would like to say that my review is pretty much right. I was so intrigued by this movie, I went to the library to look it up. It was an amazing movie. It's a great story, I've seen it several times now, but it is still good.  There are some good shots of New York city, I think, but the main ones are still shot in Chinatown, but are good. The main story is not bad at all, so I don't know why I expected it to be so great.  The main actors are good, I guess, but I enjoyed the acting very much, the direction was beautiful, and the special effect was great. The movie is good, but not so great that I was amazed how great it was. It is a very good movie, and I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent documentary film about the struggle of the survivors of the concentration camps during World War II, and the lives of the young children and the elderly living there.  I personally have never been able to walk in such a stark contrast to what the film shows.  It depicts the horrific situation of living in the camp as it would have been in real life. It shows the fear and paranoia that the camp prisoners had, and that there was nothing that they could not do.  The film is very disturbing, as is the plot of the film. It is a very emotional view of life, and of people who have lost their lives to help the war effort.   This film is a must-see, if it has the chance to be released in theaters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie, especially if you don't have a brain. It's very original and funny. I can't remember an indie comedy that was this great, and I loved it. I liked the fact that the movie was not as polished as a lot of movies I've seen in the past, but that is not a bad thing.  If you like this type of humor, this movie is good.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked The Last Wave, then this is another good movie, with more realistic portrayal of the surfing scene and the surfing action.  It features some great footage of the last wave, but there is also very good footage of surfing, some good footage from The Last wave and some footage from surfing movies.   In conclusion, this movie is a great movie, but it is not bad movie, and it is good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining and heartwarming story of a single father (Robert Stack) and his son, Max, a boy adopted by a family friend (Peter Fonda) of Stack's. Stack finds his life in a new light when a family crisis leaves him no longer able to be a father to his own child.  The first half of the movie focuses on Stack's life as a single dad, but the second half focuses on Max's life and how he has become a man. The movie is very depressing and shows the impact on both children and the father. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie for those who enjoy watching a great story. I am not looking for the same type of movie as the other movies, which are all about the journey of a mother and daughter on a journey through life, or the movie that is about a father and son trying to find their own path to happiness, or any of the other movie made in this genre.  This movie is about the life of one father, a father who has lost his faith, and his journey to the end of the world to become a better person.  I recommend this movie for anyone who is willing to watch a movie that they do not have to live through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not one to criticize an artist's choices, because I love most artists. The fact that "The Naked Lunch" isn't considered a "classic" movie is a tribute to the brilliance of the talented cast of supporting actors. It's a unique experience for any moviegoer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a wonderful film. The actors did fine performances, the cinematography master master brilliant directing, great music. A beautiful romantic fantasy in the style of "The Princess Bride" or "Cromwell's Dreaming", a film that I would love to recommend to my grandchildren. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason I give this movie a 10/10 is because I'm a parent, a grandmother, and a wife who can't wait for my daughter to go to sleep when she awakens from a dream and then the whole family begins to realize that this was the real life she was living. I love this movie and want to recommend it to anyone who likes watching the magic of childhood on their favorite day. I also want to give credit where it is due--I watched this movie with my husband when we were both 16 and 23. We still watch it as children all the time. And I hope that they are as entertained as we were when we lived it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been a student of history since my freshman year in high school, and have been interested in this subject ever since. I am interested in the history of the American Revolution, as well as all the history that surrounded it, but after reading the summary of "The Ten Commandments" and looking at the book of the same name, I was amazed at the similarities between the two. I had always been fascinated by the similarities in the two books, and so I decided to read the book first. This was a fascinating experience. It was a history lesson on how history was made, and in the process it made me want to see how far into the future the two movies were. I found "The Revolution" to be very similar, but more entertaining and fascinating.  I was also surprised with "The Seven Commandments", which was very similar to the book. The movie "The 7 Commandments of the Revolution" seemed to be a great political statement that we all should read in order to understand the true history of our country. This movie made me feel that history had been made in such a beautiful setting. The acting was great and the story very real. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a comedy movie, which I like to watch, but it is not about the jokes. It is a touching, if a naive, portrayal of people who are in a serious situation, in which a very simple, if somewhat naive view can be put.  The plot is simple and straightforward, with good humor and good acting. The only really good comedy comes from the main actors, the two main lovers (the main actors in the movie), and the two girls who were interested in the story, and who were in the main roles in the film.  I am a big fan of American films, but this one was awesome!  The movie contains many moments that are very funny, which make up the story.  This movie does not have any special effects, but I enjoyed it very much, as the story is very interesting and touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second of two films by director Douglas Sirk. It stars Sirk as James Cole, a man with a history of beating people up. The story is not too brutal and is actually quite gentle and sad, but at the same time not over dramatic and over the top. It is a mix of comedy and action, with a tragic twist at the end. The fight scenes in the film are actually quite good as well. The action is very realistic, and the acting is great, but it is not over the tops, but very realistic and very real. It may be one of the great action films of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a great update of a great movie that was released earlier in 1988. The movie has the same cast of characters, it is the same story and is not as heavy as "A Double Life". The movie shows a good point about how society is changing and the double life is not only an escape from modern society. The cast is very good and is believable, and the movie is cute and amusing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very romantic anime that features a beautiful illustration of the relationship between an older woman and a younger guy in the main characters' world. They are surrounded by a forest and the view is very different from their real life situation. It's like a romantic anime, but it's more like a fantasy movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm always on the look out for a good one from me...so i was happy with this movie... i think it was great, great acting.. it really captures the mood of the movie. The first scene was quiet, the next was a great fight scene with a lot of people and then it's great.. and thats it.. great movie... the best part was the ending, brilliant and so emotional and i loved every second of it... it made me wanna go to the end.. and i'm glad i did, it made the movie great.  i wish everyone could see this movie, you would not be disappointed.. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, let me say that my own journey through life as a photographer began when I started working in the field (in the seventies). I still find that these images of my life and the people who I saw and dealt with in the fields were as powerful as they are in any way.  I have seen all the movies (the old ones and the new ones) and can see them all and they are just as powerful in their own way. This movie is really a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm a huge fan of horror flicks, but this is one of masterpieces. It's scary, and it's very atmospheric, and I have to say, it was so fun, and beautiful, and suspenseful, that it's hard to take your eyes away. The best thing is, it has a plot. And that's what makes the film so good, so scary, so terrifying. The plot is solid, but the scares come beautifully and strongly. The scares are realistic, and the pacing is masterful. This is a scary movie that's not for kids, not for the faint of heart. It doesn't have the kid-friendly acting or the kidlike innocence of Scream 3. It has a good script and great direction. And the best part is, the beautiful music. So scary and beautiful that you can't take your mind off of this amazing film.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short story, which tells of a very talented and successful individual, who is not very good at first.    The movie is a touching story, with great performances by all the actors.  It will have you doubting your own mind, and asking yourself if you are really capable of change.  This movie is very short, so you don't have to see it to understand the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this show, and I have watched it all. It is so funny, I think. It was so original and I am surprised that they had great chemistry. I laughed, I cried, I even shed a tear. This show is so cool, so I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not entirely sure what this is about but I loved the idea and I'm surprised that this is now available on DVD. I am a huge Jack Frost fan. I thought that this movie was great and very creepy and very frightening.  So now I am watching the movie thinking it was very scary and not terrifying, but it is. Jack Frost is very scary. It has his victims, who are slowly murdered by his victims who are after their loved ones. This movie scared me very much. It was scary in a creepy way. It is scary in the way that you don't want to give up but in a comical and sweet way.  My rating was very high, very good acting and great suspense! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, the film is a classic: it is a very emotional, beautiful, beautiful and romantic horror story with a nice soundtrack. The plot is very suspenseful, the acting brilliant, the cinematography brilliant, and the story great. The best thing about the film was the special effects. Very great. I can't remember another movie with great special effects and great emotion. This is not a movie about computers, it is about the human soul. This film isn't about a story about the love of man and about the emotions of the human heart. The story is about a woman who is haunted by a mysterious ghost that shows her the very nature of existence. It is about love, sex, revenge, self-sacrifice, murder...and about the very things that we do to each other in everyday life.  The story, if you watch it, is not the typical horror story. It isn't a typical horror movie, but a movie with an emotional side. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very touching and tender story of love between an older woman and a younger man in their early to mid-twenties. The scenes are full of humor, wit, warmth, and wisdom. The characters are realistically drawn and their story is drawn out with a degree of difficulty.  The story is set in a small village on the outskirts of Nalanda in the year 1895. It is populated by old and young people, the latter being the actors and the director. The story concerns their conflicts as they struggle to survive and their relations between each other. It also deals with the relationship of the old and the young to each other and how they try to live in a world that is full of problems. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been compared to many other films in the same genre.  I personally like the way the cinematography and the editing. I think that the cinematographic cinematography is the best. I recommend this movie to all the interested audiences. I believe that this movie is one of masterpieces in cinematography. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never seen a show until my friend brought this show to my attention about a year ago, and after seeing it, I decided I would give it a try. It was one of the great shows on TV back then, and it didn't disappoint me. The first episode was so gripping, and the cast and crew captured the audience, with the audience not knowing what was going on and what was happening.  The show lasted only one season, and I am sad to see how much I have missed it, since I have lived with this show since I came across it, and so many people seem to miss it. The show was one I wanted to see all of the time, since there are many shows, and this one caught my attention. I hope to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, this is not the "best movie ever". It is the master masterpiece that many people have seen, but this one is so amazing. I have seen many movies that are so great, beautiful and funny that you want to share with your friends. I especially like this one, it is hilarious, i can't understand the whole plot, and the jokes are great. It also has great music and some of the best performances i have ever seen.  All in all, great movie!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of an ex-cop, a former boxer and a former prison guard, who has now gotten himself into trouble again, is trying to make it big, and wants revenge on the "people who wronged him".  After a long time of waiting, the ex-puncher has finally gotten his chance to go legit and try to put things behind him and finally win the freedom he seeks.  This was an interesting and very realistic film, and was great fun for the audience, and I would recommend it to any fan of boxing and/or the ex of this guy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I watched this film over a hundred times. I always found it to be a good story, but I found that it was very touching. The acting was great and so was the beautiful music, especially the lovely Aimee.   It was also the first movie I've ever seen where the main character, who is played by a wonderful French actor named Gerard, is a woman who has a life long ambition to be the greatest dancer in the world.  The movie is very short, but contains a lot of great music. Gerard's beautiful score and Aimees' beautiful acting make the movie great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie many times, so I must say that it is one of my favorite. In a few words I can say that I found this movie quite touching, and the story was very real. It was very touching in the beginning and throughout. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this great movie and enjoyed it as much as the others. It was nice and a little long. The story is a bit weak, but there is enough of a story to keep you interested.  There is also the usual action, but the movie is solid and the movie itself is great.  I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films that has great acting, great cinematography, great beauty, great romance and great great beauty. The story is beautiful, and the ending is touching. The music is great, the camera shots beautiful and the film itself beautiful. I am always surprised that this film won an Oscar. I was surprised when I heard that the film was going to be part of the Oscar presentation, and was so surprised to learn of the nominees. The film is stunning, beautiful, but is not an Oscar contender, nor is it a true story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this is a great little movie. The direction, the beautiful photography, and beautiful cinematography make this movie fantastic. I recommend you to see this movie. It has great acting, stunning cinematography, great directing, and great beautiful visuals. I would like to see more movies with great visuals, and more movies that are based on real life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the first part of this film, I think this is where the best of the film came together. The story is a lot more powerful than the first, I have to say that, it had a much more honest and down to heart approach. This was not a very serious film, and I have seen some pretty serious films from Bollywood over the years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a wonderful little movie. The story is simple and straightforward. The characters are good and there are some great performances from the actors. I love it and hope for more from everyone in the cast and crew. The film works for everyone. The music is lovely. I hope that they all have a good time together and can get along well. This is a film that should be seen and enjoyed. I am sorry to say that this is not the first time that I have seen such beautiful, creative, beautiful movie. It is a nice touch of realism. It has some flaws, but I found this to be very unique and I am unsure how I would rate it. It was a beautiful movie and I hope everyone can get a chance to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the master piece of work in the history of the World Trade Center tragedy. It is a story of real people and real pain. It should be told in a way that does not sugar coat it, because the public wants to know what really happened. This film has the full force of an emotional impact. It will not win any awards. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first two thirds of this movie is great. I loved the first half, and the middle part was great, and then I loved it, and i loved the second half. This is the best movie ever made for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first 30 minutes or so of the movie is great but the great scene really stands out. It is a perfect compliment to the excellent acting, brilliantly beautiful scenery, and brilliant direction. In fact, I really enjoyed it. The scene where the mother and daughter are together, surrounded by the trees and the waterfalls is the perfect romantic moment, which was the only time I saw such natural beauty on screen. It's not the best movie I have ever seen and the performances of the main characters are fine, although it isn't bad at all.  The story is an inspiring one, about the mother of a young woman, who has dreams about a young man. Her mother dies, leaving behind a dream-memory which brings back all her previous life. Then she awakens from it, awakening as a fully-realized, awakened woman. She has been awakened by the water and the wind. She goes to a house and finds the man who she left in the dream-place, and as he gets to her, the entire house collapses. She is surprised and awed to see her daughter. She tries to hug her daughter and he does, but he does not understand and instead he starts kissing her. She doesn't understand what she did, and she begins to cry.  There are other beautiful moments in this movie. It seems that there are no real surprises, which is a very refreshing change from the usual Hollywood fare.  I wish this movie stayed in the theaters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have just finished watching this film for the second time, it's still gripping, it doesn't get predictable. It's a pretty powerful story, and I don't care what the critics think about this film, it is one of the masterpieces. It has a good cast, the plot is good and you can tell the director's story in a way that you feel like you are there with the characters and you just feel like they are your friends.  The acting is superb, especially from the Asian side. The main character is played by a very good cast of characters and the other characters are well done. The music is great, the camera shots are great and there are some beautiful shots in the background. Overall I think this is a great film, very good, and worth buying for its story alone. I rate this a 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that I think any person, no matter what their background, will enjoy. This movie is about the struggle of a man, his family, and the animals to survive in the wild, it is about his desire to make a living for himself, his desire for nature, and his struggle with his family and the people around him.  The main character, Jack, is a hick, he lives in the woods and is out for nature in all its beauty. The movie follows Jack's interactions with people in his life and the nature that surrounds them. The film also includes the story of his interactions with animals and how he attempts to deal with the negative aspects of nature.  This movie will definitely not make you like nature, but it will certainly make you think about it, and I hope that anyone who watches this film will come to realize how cruel humans can be and make them think. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original "Altered States" is a brilliant, yet simple, fantasy-flick yarn that explores the relationship of the lonely, dreamy Al and his best friend, and how they both try to live their dreams. This time, Al has left behind everything he's ever known for, and now his dreams seem real and take place in a different place.  "Alated States" 2 takes place in New Orleans, and has the same dreamy atmosphere as the original. The plot is the same as the first, but with different characters and more realism.  The only drawback is that the story isn't as good as the other two, which could be an advantage if "Alate States" was just about as good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of two sisters (Marie O'Briain and Ruth Roman) who want to be independent in France and join the army, is a very real and touching story. O'Brien and Roman are the sisters who serve in the army in Paris. They are both widowed and have been married to the same guy for 25 years and the two are getting divorced. One day, while on leave, Ruth falls in love with the guy and they plan to go together and make a baby. The two meet and decide to have a child together. It is difficult to be pregnant while still living together. The story is not so dramatic and they are able to make this movie believable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was a big fan of the movie and liked it.  But after watching it I knew I had masterfully created a masterpiece of beauty.   The best scene is at the beginning when the "young girl" meets the older man in the train station and asks him to take a look at her "big" breasts.  The older man looks surprised and asks the girl what are those "little" breasts?  The girl starts kissing him and asks if he had never seen anything like that before.  Later the scene is beautiful. When the "old man" finds out about the girl's breasts he is shocked and starts to find out why she is a "big girl" and not a "little girl".  The beautiful scene is the best scene of all.  I recommend this movie to any person who likes great Japanese movies and train your brain to be able to enjoy it. The DVD comes with a special feature "Little Girl - A Real Little Love" which is also very enjoyable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's one of those movies that you don't really know what to expect. It's great and I recommend it. It is very emotional and it will make you cry and laugh. It has very good comedy as well as great dramatic acting and it is surprisingly shocking and shocking. It also has some great gore scenes and scenes and the best music ever written for a movie ever! I recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good horror film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been fascinated by the concept of a "romantic comedy". I had been intrigued by this kind of film. It's not one of the big Hollywood comedies. It is an independent film with a great premise. It features a couple who are engaged to be married, and it's pretty much the funniest thing to come out of the indie film world. It has an intriguing concept: what if two people are drawn together and forced to share an apartment together for a month, then, one by one, they will either find another apartment, or have to find another person to share the apartment with.  The story is set in a somewhat futuristic setting. The two roommates are both interested in the idea of renting a home, so the pair decide to find out what life would look like if they had to share a room with someone else. The plot develops gradually. It goes from a couple wanting to share apartment space, to a couple willing to share living space with another for a couple of months, and finally to a situation where a couple will share an entire apartment with another person.  However, the film is not about an apartment situation; it's about an exploration of the concept.   There are several interesting characters, and a great cast of supporting actors. It may not seem like much of a film to you. The only two people in the film are the lead actors and their co-star. The rest of the cast is very good, and I was impressed by the acting.  Overall, a great indie film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this film many times and I've always been a fan of "Fiddler on the Roof." When I saw this movie, I saw that the two main reasons I'd ever seen it are that it is one of the most entertaining of the film. Also, because it has a plot and it has the characters, who are great, to me it seems that it was masterfully crafted. It's unique and unlike most other films, it's not about people who live in high-rises, but about people with unique problems and problems. In my opinion, that's something I never noticed until seeing this movie.  The best part of this movie is the ending. It was very heartfelt. I was moved and scared by this. The characters in the movie are people with complex lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are interested in seeing this film, you can find it on the following site: "The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this show, but it's not as bad as my other favourites - i'd rather watch it again and again. It really is very inspiring and it's all down to the amazing performances from the cast, especially the young James Garner, who is just brilliant, as well as his wonderful British co-star Miranda Richardson. Miranda Richardson is a wonderful girl who is the real star here, she manages to be the most convincing and sympathetic character I have ever seen on TV. The other cast members are all very good too, the older Annabel Rowan and David Tomlinson are a very good pair of eyes. And it is the sound effects, which are very good, that makes this show all the more enjoyable.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time that I have seen a true-life story of a man who was killed by a stray bullet in his back and his family members were left stunned. This film is very emotional, and the emotions are so real and overwhelming that it becomes almost impossible not to cry. The only drawback is that the film is so beautiful that you can almost smell the tears on their faces, and that's a nice feeling. The best scenes were the ones that were so powerful, I was almost on my computer screen, and I was so amazed by the beautiful acting. I can't remember ever crying so hard at a movie, but I can remember how hard I was crying for the girl in "Gunga Din", and I remember how angry I was about the shooting in my apartment building. The acting was brilliant, and beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this as a child and was very impressed by it. It is one of the masterpieces of cinema and I believe that this is no exception.   The best part of the movie is the ending. It makes you wonder if the "little boy" is able to keep a dream like that up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a good film. A great cast, great cast of supporting characters. Excellent acting. great film. Great cast. great great masterfully filmed and beautiful music. Brilliant acting. Brilliant cinematography and great performances. Wonderful film. I could see the same with the book. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great blend of romance and thriller. The plot may have been set in Japan during the Meiji period, and while it is not a Japanese movie, it is a very dramatic movie. The cast, especially the main character, is also very good. The movie is so stylized and so realistic that you may even forget that you are watching a Japanese-made movie.  It has a very good and beautiful plot and the story is not one of many movies with this plot. This movie also has a good romance angle. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It is so rare for a great movie to be so masterfully crafted. An exquisite masterpiece of visual storytelling, and the performances of the three main characters are masterpieces. This movie is a definite must-see for fans of anime and horror, it has it all. The story is about a young boy named Kazu, who is being haunted by his childhood dream, and his friends, a boy named Ryunosuke and a girl named Mio. This is a story of struggle and struggle, with great horror effects. It is a tale of death, and a story about the afterlife.   The first half of the movie is the main theme, and we see a little more of the nightmare in this part. We are shown a scene where Kazu is in a cemetery, and Ryunos are walking down the hill, and Mio is standing at the edge of the cemetery. Then we are shown the ending, and everything begins to become real again. The scene where the ghosts come to haunt Ryuno is terrifying, and I really do not think I will ever be scared by that one again.  All in all, a great masterpiece. 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, the story of a boy, his dream, his thoughts, and the people he meets in his dream world. It's not as bad as I've been led to believe, but it's still amazing. A lot of great acting, beautiful cinematography and great dream sequences. It also contains a great music and a fantastic, dreamlike setting. This movie is unique. The acting is beautiful, the cinematography beautiful, and it has great dream scenes, which are haunting and disturbing. The songs are great, the visuals amazing, and so is the music. This is the movie for everyone. It isn't for children. It is for everyone, and I would love to recommend it to any one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen this movie twice, and although I'm no big fan of Woody Allen (he's actually a fan of the guy, but he has such a unique sense of humor and I have to admit his character is rather creepy), it is the perfect complement to Woody's "Woodstock" (although Woody has never been as serious as this film, and I don't want to spoil it for you). The story is really quite interesting, and the ending is simply wonderful. I was surprised to see that Woody actually went for this film - he's always amazing.  I was so much by the characters - so many of them were very memorable, but I was able to laugh through them. I would say that if Woody had put some effort into the characters he would have had a great script.  And it is so funny! The cast is also pretty good - the most memorable performances were those of John Heard and Kenneth Branagh - I love Woody! And of course, the kids were also funny. But it was nice to see everyone's favorite characters get to be so serious and so serious.  This is also a must-see for Woody Allen fans, if you like quirky, Woody-themed movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not the best movie I've ever seen. It is interesting, but I am impressed with the simplicity of it. It has a good plot, great acting, great direction, great performances. great masterpieces, brilliant cinematography and great music. wonderful great great great master piece, great great cinematography master piece. brilliant great master pieces. brilliant masterpieces. stunning masterpieces beautiful great masterpiece. beautiful great beautiful masterpieces great master. amazing masterpieces brilliant master piece great great, great master work great master works great master artworks great masterworks, great music great master great master, great cinematograpy great masterwork great master crafts. brilliant cinematographic masterpieces masterpieces superb great master music great art and great photography masterpieces brilliantly great masterful masterpieces excellent masterpieces art works masterpieces magnificent masterpieces and beautiful master pieces masterpieces of great art. masterpieces are masterpieces from the beginning masterpieces like great masterly great master of fine art and masterpieces that are good. masterpiece of cinematography. master piece masterpieces for the art of cinematography masterpieces good masterpieces well done masterpieces in their own special way. master pieces of art masterpieces to look for masterpieces a masterpieces full of life. master works of the art in fine cinematography in fine art cinematography fine masterpieces fine art masterworks masterpieces specially the best masterpieces come from the director of masterpieces the director art. art in general the best movies are master pieces full of art. the best cinematographer in the world is Alejandro González. the great cinemas masterpieces also are master works in their full creativity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a former boxer turned preacher turned pacifist turned pacifists is a very interesting movie.The movie follows a boxer, his pacifist side, and his quest to make amends to the past by fighting against the Japanese aggressors.There are also some interesting shots of the church, the home of his parents, the hospital and the hospital itself. The movie is highly recommended and I have heard that the director was also a pacifist but he really does not compromise his pacifism. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a wonderful film! I have never seen anything like it. The photography is amazing. The beautiful shots of Paris are great. The great music is great. And the whole movie works great! It is a beautiful story of love, art, and photography. It is very emotional and I think I would like to recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "La Ronde" is an independent, independent French film directed by the veteran French director Gerard Sartain (B.Sci: "La ronde" écran, 1969). The screenplay is a perfect adaptation of the life of the young, talented and restless Parisienne artist, Pascal Duquenne. Sartains manages to find the hidden meaning of Pascal Duque's work, while the cast also is fine. "La risuel" is a great, short and very strange film with its own unique style, in which all characters are drawn in a completely different manner from their typical movie-making. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It has been almost twenty years since the great television show returned to the air, which was cancelled in 1994 after a series of bad episodes. Now the show is back in action. The new show will be airing at 5.30pm on BBC 1 every weekday evening from 22 June until 30 September 2009. The show will air until 5am on BBC 4 on Friday morning (3.15am on the morning of 22 June 2009) to fill a gap in the schedule.  The first episode was broadcast on BBC 2 on 23 June 2005 and since then, every episode has been broadcast on either the BBC or ITV.  It is interesting to see how the programme evolved, the first series being cancelled. I watched the episodes with my girlfriend and we enjoyed them very much. We also liked the new show.  There are some good stories in the show. I don't think anyone has seen them yet, so I will be watching to find out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been fascinated by the series and I finally got to see the last episode.   The plot was a fascinating one and although I had seen it before it was good but I didn't expect much. The characters were interesting and the ending was great.  The ending was fantastic and I loved it. I was left wondering what the next series would be like. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Somewhere In Time" is a very emotional and emotional movie. It has a good storyline with some of my favorite characters and it has some of the most beautiful and stunning scenery to ever be seen in a movie. The only real "Sci-fi" movie I ever saw was "2001: A Space Oddyday" and "A Space Oddman's Day"   This movie is not really about space or the possibilities of science fiction or the universe but it is about the real-life story of a real astronaut. The movie shows a very sad and very confused astronaut (David Conrad) and his life and how he has to overcome some real problems. I am surprised at how real this movie is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tyson" is the title of the film in which Tyson has to face off against "The Big Chill" - also starring The Rock - to settle who is the greatest of all time.  Tyson does a good job with his body, while "The Rock" is a marvel as he has to fight for his place in the ring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am not going to pretend to be a critic. I've seen many movies and movies and enjoyed them, but this one stands brilliant. I can't believe how wonderful it is. I think it is brilliant, but I have never seen anything so great and beautiful. And it is a magnificent movie. It is very, very moving and it makes me cry and feel sorry for the people in the world.  I would like to add that I have not heard from this movie, which is very sad, and I am waiting for the next movie to arrive. This is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed by this film.I think it's quite a classic,I don't really care if people say it's bad or not.It's not.There is plenty of action,no slow moving scenes,very impressive special effects and great atmosphere.The film was great and beautiful,it made me feel like i was there,there's nothing like this movie, i love it!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is the story of the life of an artist who becomes a patron of a gallery and her patrons. A simple story with great performances by both Denzel Washington and Jada Pinkett. Washington plays a gallery owner who is the art curator of the gallery. Pinkett plays a similarly patron who is a gallery employee who has become addicted to the art.  The movie focuses on the lives of the two main characters. The story is about the art gallery owner's attempts to recover from the drug abuse and her relationship with her drug addicted husband, but the viewer should recognize that the two stories are intertwined in a manner that is comlex.  This movie has very little of the drug scene and shows a very different side of drug abuse. The drug scenes in the movie were not filmed on the scene and are not as graphic as the scene in the film. The scene in which the drug addict is injecting heroin while he is injecting a syringe is not in the way of drug use and shows the drug use in a more graphic way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm really pleased with this movie,it's very entertaining and has some good action.the movie is in the public domain,so all i have to say is if you liked it don't worry about the details. i'm a big nut for this type of action flicks. and this movie was perfect. great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "The Case of the Scorpion" is a wonderful little movie.  The plot is something along the lines of a good-vs-evil story with a twist of modern-day tragedy.   The film is pretty dark and the cinematography brilliantly photographed. It's not really about the story, it's about the characters and how they interact with each other.  My biggest complaint is that it's really cheesy. It works for me and that is what makes the film great. The cinematography master master brilliantly captures the mood and moodiness of the film with a magnificent sense of realism.  "Kung Fu" is the perfect blend of modern thriller with ancient Chinese folklore. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, let me say that I was a fan of the original cartoon series and was happy with the new series.  I was also a huge fan of "Hobgoblins", and the whole thing was just brilliant. So when I saw the trailer for this new series, I knew what I was in for...I was going to see my childhood favorite cartoon!  It was an exciting, and I even loved it because of the animation. I was excited to finally see the cartoon again.   I am a huge Disney fan, and even though this movie was a "new" take on the original, I would still be excited to see the new take. It was definitely something new and different. I think they tried very hard to make the whole animation a masterpiece, and they succeeded wonderfully.  My favorite character was the one of "Boris" from the old series, and the voices were awesome. He was voiced by the voice of Tobin Rizzo. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie and I loved it, but I am going to be completely honest with you and say that it was a great film. It was very good in the first 5 minutes, but after that wonderful scene where the "bad guy" is caught in the marsh and can only be rescued by the "good guy" that he brought along with him, great scene, great movie. I love the acting, great special effects, and the beautiful landscapes, and this is one of the great scenes in the movie. It is also a great scene for me, because the "scary" and "campy" story was so beautiful and so real. I wish there was more of this movie. The story is so real and so touching. I am amazed that there are still movies made every year. I hope more people realize that they should take this movie with them when they go out to enjoy the good movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first two stories are about the story of the relationship between the young woman and the older man, and how she decides to make a big move. She is attracted to another guy in a bar, and the two of them decide to see a movie together. It is there, at the bar, that the two fall in love.  The story is actually very emotional and touching, as the characters are drawn in, the acting great and the story great.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was an outstanding film. It was not overly emotional, with great acting by all involved. It made a great statement of the nature of life on Earth and the importance of a living thing to survive.   The whole movie reminded me of a movie called "Maniac", with the theme of a person who comes back from the dead.  "Grieco" was similar. In a similar way, "Greebo" had more of a theme of "retrograde" and "haunting", while "Grisco" had a more realistic theme.  I had been waiting for this movie to come out for a long time, and was very pleased with the wonderful acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the masterpieces from "Jules Verne" that has inspired generations of young viewers to look for a deeper meaning and deeper meaning in life. It was written in 1940 by a group of eminent American directors, including Jules Verhoeven, John Hughes, William Haines, Ernst Lubitsch, and John Kennedy. They were inspired by the "Great" war, which had occurred only a few years previously. But it was the first film to combine a beautiful scenery and a very powerful story. In a time when big Hollywood studio chiefs were beginning to realize the power of the studio system, they were able to realize this film at the most fundamental level: the human beings we live in this world are so beautiful. They do everything that we do, from loving their children to sacrificing for them, and we can do the same.   The film is the first movie to have a plot that can be understood, and that plot is what this movie did. The story was told with so much honesty and veracity that you may ask yourself how could it not be true, but they succeeded brilliantly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a young artist (Cody) and his life long dream to become the creator of an artistically perfect film, he lives his dream and tries to achieve his dream.  The film is a great visual experience, I wish they showed the whole movie. It is full of great story, beautiful photography, great special effects and great music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie is "La Teta" ("The Tall Tress")  This movie is a nice, romantic, almost tragic story of a woman (Viviane) who marries a man (Bernard) and later regrets her decision. She then finds out that she needs a different man. Bernard finds his way into her life and soon they find themselves falling in love. There is a scene where they have to take Viviane to the hospital for treatment of her wounds and she has to tell Bernard to leave her because she needs him. Later, in the hospital, she tells Bernard that she is pregnant. Bernard is devastated by this news and tries to help her.  The ending is shocking. The ending really is shocking because it's not a love story, but a story about the tragic situation of the woman and her life after she marries.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great film! I loved it. It was well done and I have to say that I don't think I've ever seen a film that great.  My favourite part was the scene where the girls are in the bath and they talk about the previous night and how they went out and got drunk. It reminded me of a few girls that I went out with in my early school years. I think it's still the scene that haunts me and still haunts the nightmares of many people.  This film has so many strong points and is very inspirational and it can't be described as cheesy. It's a very disturbing film. I'd like to know if it was still in my nightmares after seeing this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great example of the "socialist" approach to dealing with problems in the world. It is a tribute to the courage of a great American writer, Charles Bukowski, to tell his story, not in the way Bukowski would have liked, but with complete honesty and integrity. Bukowski is one of the great writers of our time, and this is one example of what Bukowski was able to do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a story of man vs nature, and the film is a true story. I watched this film first as a child in the 80's. It was released to me as a gift from my parents who had bought it for me.  It was a very good film. I went into the theater to find a great story, but I was surprised. It wasn't the story that impressed me, but the acting and beautiful scenery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of all time. The story of a man who becomes a samurai in order to kill the wife of his dead father. The samurai is given an important part in his journey, and a chance to kill his beloved wife, and in the end he becomes a very powerful force.  This movie is not really all that well done. It is masterfully crafted, beautifully photographed, and has a very good plot, which is a part of the very special nature of the movie.  It is a shame that this wonderful movie isn't on tape. I'm sure it would be a good thing to get it on DVD. It was a wonderful movie, and it was pretty hard to find it. I can't recommend this movie to anyone. It would just be amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A delightful film set in the heart of the American South (the area now comprising all of the states of the former Confederate States of America), this film tells the story of the friendship of the young Guevara (played by John Cameron) and the political situation in that time.  Guevenara was an ardent revolutionary and was willing to use violence in order to gain political influence.  The film's climax involves the Guevarra in a speech before the Confederate Congress.  There are several political scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Kon Tiki" was one of the masterpieces of the late German director, Ernst Lubitsch, and one of his last films before he became one of Hollywood's great stars. He made the following film for TV, as well as the "Hamburgergereit" (The Heart of the World), in which the writer was to find his inspiration. The story and the characters in the film were inspired by Hermann Hesse's "Sündchensehen Verboten" ("A World of Outsiders"). "Kono" was the result of Lubitsch's "Stück" ("To be the master of all things"), but not because of his own work, but because of the many different directors and actors he had the great pleasure to associate with in order to realize this stunning vision of the world.  "Odenkvist" (I am ashamed of myself to admit my admiration) is not only one of Lub's last great films, but also his last great film. It's a truly shameful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best romantic horror movies of all time. It is a remake of the much better Vampire series, the one starring Boris Karloff and featuring Richard Donner and Raymond Massey.  This movie follows the story of two young lovers, one played by Massey and the other by Karloff. Their first meeting in a cemetery, but their passion begins to make them mad. Soon after the cemetery, the lovers start to see visions, and there is blood everywhere.  The plot is simple, but it is powerful. The ending is not a great surprise, and the ending is very satisfying.  I like the movie, which is in black and white, in the Gothic style. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise of this movie is not so much about the political situation in Israel as it is about the situation of the Palestinians living under occupation and the way they are treated by the Israeli authorities. I remember well when the last intifada began in the late summer of 2000, I remember a small number of brave young soldiers who stood up and were killed in the streets and on the side of the road by Palestinians. That is what this movie portrays in the context of a political situation.  It is so poignant and powerful, I did not feel any anger at it, and I think I would have a hard time understanding what was going on in the Palestinians' minds at the time.  The film also deals with the relationship between the two main characters. I found the relationship to be quite complex and sad at the end of the movie, and at the same time I felt empathy towards the characters. It is not a bad movie, but a touching, but sad movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very well crafted movie with great acting and great music. The story is very interesting and the acting brilliant. The movie isn't very sentimental and down to heart and very honest in the end. I liked it for what it was and what it is.  The story has many interesting parts that are very disturbing and i think this movie will be great for some people.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this when I was young and I really liked it. So I watched it and I was so surprised. The story and the acting and all that was great and it was beautiful. I can't say I like this as a whole. I really enjoyed the movie.  The movie was not all that great but I can see why so many people disliked it. The first few times I saw it were so short and sweet. Then it became a bit longer. Then they had this great bit at the end. But I loved it and when the movie came out I was shocked how great it was and how realistic it was.  I don't understand the people who hated this movie. I don`t think people were trying to be 'that' kind of person and I think people could have liked the movie as much as they did.  If you liked the first 3 films you would like this one. If you like the third one you will probably not like this movie either.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of this movie is very beautiful and it makes you realize that you are a child at heart. I hope that this movie will inspire children to think differently. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who is a horror movie fan, i found the plot to this great movie to be very unique, and i found that it also made me jump in my seat! i love horror movies, and like many of the horror movies i have seen, this one has a lot of scares, and for those who want to see a good horror movie, and not a movie that makes great suspense, this is a great movie.  i am glad to have seen it, and to add that it is very scary. i wish this movie was in theaters.   i give this movie a 10/10, and hope one day that this movie gets released on DVD! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to watch an excellent documentary about the world's greatest ever sportsmen and women, then watch this!   I saw this movie at the 2005 Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Film Festival. It was the only film I saw that weekend!  It shows how hard life really is, and how far people will go to get what they want.   It's a powerful and depressing view. It's also sad.  The film follows the lives of a couple of gay and lesbian fathers, who were torn apart by their own father's infidelity and how their lives have been affected by it.  It is the only sports documentary I've seen that shows how close the world really is to becoming gay. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent and powerful film. I've seen this movie about 2 or 3 times in the last 5 years, and it is absolutely disgusting and has shocked me to see it again. I saw it on TBS when I was 17 and it has been almost 25 years, so this was an experience I would never, ever forget. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie at least three times and each time I have been completely amazed by the beauty of the movie and the fantastic performances of some of the actors. I am not going to give any details to this movie as it is not something I am going to discuss in great detail. There is certainly a lot of great talent in this movie. I would highly recommend you watch it if you like me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie as a child and have remembered the words that the director, Mr. Hatton, said to me when he told me he would make me a fan of his movies: "If you see this, just know you will be entertained."  I have watched some movies that were better than this one and they have been great but this masterful movie was great. It is a beautiful movie with great acting and wonderful special effects and I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I want to say that I liked the movie because it was a good take-itself-too-seriously-action-movie-movie with a great storyline, excellent performances and great special effects and FX. It has the same themes as many other films, which is the theme of 'if only you do something you have to do'.  I found the film quite disturbing in some parts, like the beginning.  Second, it was surprising when it came to the end.  Third, it is very disturbing in parts.  Fourth, I found it very disturbing to find it realistic and interesting.  Fifth, I was shocked by the storyline.  Sixth, I saw the story very real and realistic.  7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you enjoy watching films that explore the psyche of a lonely woman, this is a good one. The cinematography is stunning and the acting beautifully captures the experience of the lonely woman. The soundtrack is perfect, the editing brilliant and the cinematography masterful. The beautiful Fall shots make this film unforgettable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In this film we see the story of a family struggling through life, and struggle to find meaning. This is a powerful film, with a beautiful score and acting from some of the best actors in the world, with stunning cinematography, beautiful photography and a haunting soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with a well-written and well directed film. It's the story of an older woman's attempt to overcome her fears and finally be free from the clutches of a lifetime of abuse.  The ending is very emotional and very powerful. The film deals with an aging woman's ability to finally be able to go home and feel fulfilled in her life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very emotional and touching film with great acting and beautiful cinematography. I enjoyed it very much, but it did not disappoint me, because it has not a very great story, very well directed. The acting is very natural, the cinematography masterfully created and brilliantly presented. The camera works beautifully, the use of light and dark scenes. The music, although not memorable in the story, was great, because of the haunting and beautiful score. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a great example of a well made movie with great acting and good cinematography. It was nice to see the characters in action again. It is nice to look at the action and to feel what the actors are trying to achieve with the camera and the editing. The film is a great movie with a very good ending. I recommend this movie to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short story with a tragic ending. It is an almost ideal romantic story of a couple of bored and lonely people who meet and fall in love. After being rescued by a local girl, they decide to leave their own home in their hometown to go back to the city they used to live in. The two people are in a car accident, and one by one they are killed. When the police arrive to the scene, one of the surviving passengers is killed by a bullet, and they go on to find out that their car is not the only car they have.  The film really only lasts for 80 minutes and is about a mile long. The film is a very moving and powerful story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen this movie in the first week of May, but I can't remember it ever, it was one great adventure. The acting was great, the beautiful landscapes stunning, and the plot intriguing. The film has a plot, it has characters and it's unique characters. It has a very good story and some great scenes.  I enjoyed this movie very much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very romantic anime with a few plot holes, it is very stylised, it has an excellent story, and a surprising plot and I love the music from the first episode, it makes the series feel more realistic and I don't think it has been done before. The only really bad thing about this anime is that the voices are a mix of Japanese actors with American actors. The songs used in the series are cute and they do fit the plot, but I can't remember anything of their being sung. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is based on the actual facts of the actual situation. It was very moving and powerful. The acting is masterful. The cast is excellent. The plot is great masterfully crafted. The beautiful scenery and stunning cinematography masterfully captured the essence of the story. The film is beautiful, breathtaking, and very touching. I am surprised that it is hard to find copies of this beautiful movie. The movie was so beautiful, so realistic, and masterfully directed. I have seen it several times and I have no doubts that I will continue to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies I've ever seen and if you have ever seen a great movie, it's probably my favorite movie. This movie is about a very talented and beautiful cast of characters and I think you'll come to love it.   The only downside is that this movie is very short and you don't have to go into the movie with a big budget.  I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone who likes watching movies with a good cast of people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is one of those movies that is unique in that it is very touching, yet the characters are all believable and come from all walks of life. The movie is a great love story for the viewer, not only from the standpoint of the acting or the story, but from the view of the characters, and that is what makes it great. I have seen a lot of movies that are not that great, but I have come to appreciate some of them, and this is a movie that I would not have noticed on the movie shelf. This is one to see if you like movies that were not as great, and a movie to watch with your girlfriend. It can also make you laugh so hard your health will improve. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen the movie on the late Late Late Late Show with Larry Miller and had to see it again this week. This was a great cast and was great with Miller and the late John Garfield, but it was still great in general. I've heard the movie was a "must see" for me. It is the perfect blend of slap stick comedy with a dash of tragedy. It made me cry and laugh and it made me feel bad too. I hope everyone else finds it as good as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the story of a boy named Sam and his family's quest for happiness. Sam's mother dies when he's little boy and he goes back to his village to find her. There, he meets a boy from the village who is very different from Sam's. The boy, the boy's mother, and the boy who's mother died are all very happy and happy. They all are just like Sam and are just living in the world. The story of how Sam becomes a man and the two women that have to help him with this life and their struggles and how it ends up with Sam and the happy ending is very interesting.   I really liked this movie. I liked the way it was shot, the way the actors were choreographed, and I liked all the great acting and the great directing. I really loved the idea of Sam being the one that had to live his own life and all the things he had to struggle with. The way that the movie shows how life can be lonely and how there are many people in this world that want to just live their lives happy and free from having to struggle so much. This movie showed that we don't always need to look for a perfect ending. There are many different endings that we can find. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you love the series, this is a good choice. It isn't as bad as the original series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this movie with my family many years ago when it was first released and my family and I have been avid fans of the movie ever since. It is very eerie and I think the acting in the movie is quite believable, although the music and the story is not so ghoulish. I still believe that this movie should be seen by anyone, even if they have never seen the movie.  My only comment to make this movie is that there are some "spookiness" to the movie, which is a good thing because that adds to the eerieness of the whole movie. It makes the whole experience more terrifying, if this is something that frightens you, then you will probably be very frightened by this movie. This is one scary movie that is scary you will definitely not want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love all the movie's parts and especially like this one. But what i really liked about this movie was the acting and plot. It was perfect. It is amazing how beautiful this movie is. The best actor in the movie is the director of photography. Brilliant and beautiful. The cinematography beautiful.  The movie is so great that i really like it. My favorite movie of all time is "The Mother" which is a movie made in 1994. I have seen it many times and i have noticed that i always get confused by this movie and always get this urge to watch it again and again. This movie is a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very good movie for a long time. It was fun, but it was not over the top. There were so many good jokes and moments that you just had to laugh your way through them. My favorite scene was the one where the two main characters are walking on the beach and they are talking about how they are walking the same path over and over again.  I give this movie a 9 out of 10. It is the funniest movie I have ever seen. The movie had a good ending, but the next movie will be even better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really masterful story of transformation.It's a movie that should not be missed.It is about the lives of the four main characters: a painter, his wife, a sculptor and a writer-in-the-life-of-an-artist.It has a good message, especially if you like art,if you like the lives that these four people live in,this movie is for you.  It is a very emotional movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked "My Favorite Martian", but the best I've ever seen is "The Martian". I love "My favorite Martian" and all the other Martian films!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A fascinating look at the relationship between a father and a son. The acting is first class. A great performance from Ewan McGregor as Sam. A must see for any fan of Ewan or Sam. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very satisfying, fun, funny and romantic movie. I was surprised to see the movie in the store and it was just as fun as my life. It was the beginning of the end of the long road of pampered modern life, and I would like to see that movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found this movie a very intriguing and quite disturbing. I think the actors really brought out the creepy side of the characters in a believable way. The ending, which was very emotional and sad, touched me, and I was scared for the future of the victims of the Hillsborough tragedy. I have seen the film many times and every time, it has to scare me.  This film really made me feel, but there were no fake effects. brilliant performances, especially from the actors. Very well done. Very disturbing. Very shocking. Very scary. A real haunting, I guess. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The way the story develops is masterfully crafted to give the audience a sense of what life could have been like in the small town of the future. I won't go into the details but I enjoyed the characters and the overall plot.  If you like sci-fi or have seen other similar movies, this isn't one to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story in this movie is very real and beautiful, the characters very believable, and the plot very interesting and original. A wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen this film at two separate film festivals and it is still not widely distributed in the UK.  It is interesting, but I have to say that it was a very enjoyable film for me.  The story focuses on the relationship between an older man and a younger guy as they struggle to find their place in the world, but there were many scenes in which I felt I was watching a movie that I would later want to re-experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good film, although the original one is a bit slow. The movie is good for a few laughs, so that you can tell it isn't a straight sequel, but a remake. A great movie with good special effects and good acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part of this movie is the special effect. It was unique, and quite unlike most Hollywood flicks. The movie was stunning. It's not all CG or full-screen, but the effect was awesome great.  Also, the ending was great, but i didn't like it too much, the story was awesome, and the ending is awesome. Overall, great movie, good special effects, great story. 7/5 stars. 7.5/10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie with my kids and it was fun. The movie is not like a "B" horror movie, but more like a great movie. I thought that the characters were great and that the movie was fun to watch. It reminded me of my own childhood when I was little. I would like to recommend this movie to my kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this when it was released as a part of the "Gone With You" series, which I don't know why I didn't watch it before, because it is, well, the first film in the series. And I didn'nt know the story before it even began. But what I did learn was that it'S SO MUCH more fun to watch it and not to read the plot synopsis!    I loved the idea of a girl who is kidnapped and her captor becomes the Sheriff of the town, and I loved how she became the Sheriff's wife! She had so much potential in this film, and she proved to be perfect in every way. She had charisma, she was beautiful and funny, and her best friend was so charming and bubbly that she made me laugh so hard my eyes hurt.  I'm going to watch this again and I hope that it gets better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an era where films with this kind of impact were being made, this is definitely not one of them. This is a classic and timeless piece of work from the great Italian director - and his name is Fassbinder - which, after his own words, I must agree with the others. It's a great example of a simple, straightforward film which, as far as I'm concerned, is not something I can forget about. It has all the ingredients: humour, action, beautiful scenery, good direction, good acting, great music and great music.  I've been watching this film for about 6 years now and I must say I enjoy it all. I find this movie very inspirational and I hope that it inspires others to do the same. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the masterful story of two lonely people who meet and fall in love after being separated by war. I was not a war-drama buff before watching this film, but I enjoyed the idea of a movie about two lonely, lonely souls, with each other.  The movie did have some shortcomings, which are to be expected in a film such as this. A major fault was the cast, especially the performance of John Lithgow, the actor who played the title character. I have seen him in so many films and have never been so moved by his performance as he was in this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second part of the "Kaboom" trilogy.  "Kuboom" follows the adventures of two teenagers as they make their first real attempt at living a normal life. This is a sad movie. The first part is a fun, yet very disturbing movie about teenagers in a Japanese jail. This part deals with the trials and tribulations of the prisoners and the way they live. The next part deals mostly with the main character, played by the brilliant Yutte.  The movie is the third part of "Kunjun" with all of the previous "Kung Fu" films being made in the "Chinatown" area of Taipei.  This movie also deals with a new type of juvenile crime and how it affects the future of the victims.   "Hollywood" doesn't have enough "K" movies. Maybe we can get a "K-911" movie from this genius! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In this film, which stars the two principals in the film, the two young stars are, in my opinion, the outstanding actors.  I enjoyed the plot, especially the ending, which deals with the relationship of an older woman (Bridget and Fagin) to a younger man (Mancuso). The ending is so beautifully written that I think it should be viewed as the conclusion of the film.  In conclusion, I highly recommend "The Lady From Shanghai", the "Man From New York", "The Man With The Gun", and "The Last Picture Show". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I am reading through the comments posted on this movie, it's very hard to understand why it was not so good. The beautiful cinematography and exquisite acting makes this movie a great masterpiece of cinematic art. I give this movie 8/7 stars because the masterfully crafted story and beautiful cinematographic visuals make this movie unforgettable and very believable. I hope more movies like this one will be made. I love it, especially the music and cinematography. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is one of my favorite Twilight Zone episodes. The only episode I have seen so far.  The plot is very interesting, and it was a great choice to watch this movie. The dialog is great, and the direction is great. The special effects are great, but the beautiful cinematography masterpieces of all time are great. Also the story has a good ending, but that was very nice.  10/10 masterpieces, great special effects, great masterpieces. 10/5 masterpieces great master pieces. 10 masterpieces amazing masterpieces masterpieces for this movie, stunning special effects. 10 perfect masterpieces perfect master pieces, amazing great master works. 10 beautiful masterpieces! 10 beautiful special effects masterpieces a beautiful movie! 10 master pieces great master piece, beautiful master piece. 10 magnificent masterpieces awesome. 10 great masterworks, awesome masterpieces!!! 10 master piece great master work! 10 awesome master pieces masterpieces...  10 masterpiece masterpieces cool and amazing! 10 amazing master pieces!! 10 master works, amazing special effects awesome master works! 10 great movies. 10 awesome special effects cool masterpieces!! 10 great special FX masterpieces special FX, awesome cool FX masterworks!!! 10 cool master pieces and cool master piece!!!! 10 masterwork, amazing master piece!!! 10 amazing FX master pieces! 10 cool FX!!! 10 awesome FX master piece! 10 unique FX masterpiece!!! 10 great FX masterwork. 10 cool Masterpieces cool FX and cool FX! 10 special FX and amazing masterwork masterpieces.. 10 masterworks cool and scary FX master work. 10 good masterpieces and cool scenes. 10 amazing special FX!!! 9 masterpieces chilling and amazing FX. 10 FX master works and great FX!!!  10 amazing and scary scenes, awesome FX.   10.5 masterpiece, amazing FX and great special effect FX. Very scary and scary! 10 scary FX and awesome FX! Very scary! 9 master pieces cool FX, cool FX. 9 cool FX...  9 cool masterwork and amazing special effect masterpieces...! 10 creepy FX master. 10 scary masterpieces FX and scary masterworks. 10 coolest FX master! 10 FX and creepy FX!  10 cool, scary FX! 8 cool masterpiece! 10 Cool FX master Piece!!! 10 scary and cool creepy FX...! 10 awesome and amazing and cool. 10 creepy masterpieces are cool and chilling! 10 nice FX masteries and cool movies. 8 cool FX works, cool scary FX. The FX
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this short story, I find myself drawn to this movie by the actors. The acting is excellent and the story beautifully told and presented. The story itself is touching and so are the characters. The actors are also wonderfully developed, especially by the lovely and talented Vanessa Redgrave as the heroine, but also by the director.  This movie is not for children and is suitable for anyone who likes to read and watch stories about animals, nature and other people. I recommend it to children who are interested in animals, animal rights, nature, animals, animals and nature, and people who enjoy animals, but not for those who don't care about animals or animals, or for those people who don; this movie is for those that like to laugh and laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first scene of this film is stunningly beautiful and makes one believe in the power of a simple person.  It is also a disturbing film. There is a disturbing and sinister quality to the first scene, and the story is disturbing and terrifying.  The film is disturbing. The disturbing and disturbing scenes are hard to look at, and you will even get scared when watching this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked the original movie, this is the movie for you! The first movie is probably the best of the whole series. I think that this is more powerful, though.  The acting is great, and it is great that the story line is in the beginning, and that you don't have to see the whole movie to appreciate the great acting. A great acting, great direction, great story line, great cast. Excellent workmanship. wonderful beauty. great music. great movie. great beauty. amazing performances. wonderful masterfully crafted story. great great cast, great performances. beautiful music. beautiful special effect. beautiful cinematography. great beautiful beautiful beautiful special effects. great masterfully masterfully beautiful special FX. beautiful beautiful masterfully great cinematography and great amazing special FX performances. amazing special effects, amazing special story. amazing beautiful beautiful. beautiful and amazing special effect, beautiful and incredible beauty. stunning special FX and stunning special effects for the best movie in the history. beautiful beauty, amazing, stunning special effect and amazing music. stunning and beautiful. amazing beauty. beautiful, beautiful, amazing and amazing. incredible great performances by all. amazing stunning special story, beautiful beautiful, stunning, amazing beautiful. stunning, beautiful special, stunning and amazing movie. stunning stunning, stunning beauty, stunning. amazing, beautiful. incredible beauty, incredible special FX, stunning beautiful special story and amazing cinematography for the story and brilliant FX. stunning. beautiful amazing, amazing. beautiful. great FX. great special FX for the first movie. beautiful FX, amazing great FX and beautiful special settings. beautiful fantastic FX, beautiful FX. awesome and great FX, and stunning FX. masterfully beautifully crafted special FX work, stunning FX, fantastic FX. incredible FX work. great, amazing FX, awesome and beautiful FX works. beautiful wonderful FX, masterfully made FX, brilliant FX and amazing FX work from FX artists all around the world. amazing FX and FX, wonderful FX FX, great FX work and great special effects and great beautiful FX work with a story line in the first place, and special FX are amazing and beautiful and great and good FX. the beautiful music, beautiful music and beautiful beautiful FX music. amazing. amazing and awesome. amazing great work, beautiful art. amazing work, amazing talent, amazing creativity, special FX FX and incredible FX. The best FX and best music. special FX in the world, incredible FX in any movie. amazing story line. amazing music and amazing visuals. amazing art,
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very good movie. I found the ending to be very emotional and beautiful. It has good acting, and beautiful cinematography. The best song is "Happy Days Are Here Again", sung by the main actor, and I am not sure how he got the Oscar for this brilliant movie.   I don't know how I feel about this movie. It wasn't just great entertainment, but I am glad to see more good movies from this talented man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a very interesting one. It starts out with the death of a man who goes on a journey to visit a very old woman.  The movie is about the old lady and how she comes to life on her island.  It is very touching and I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only reason to see this movie is for the music and the dancing. I found the story charming, and also I enjoyed the acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was fantastic! My father, my brother and I had always enjoyed it, and we all liked the movie very much. The story was very interesting, and the humor was great. But after seeing this film, I'm glad to see it's not a comedy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the master piece of a film. I liked the idea of the movie, which was very unique. It has a very good ending, it's a good script, and it has great acting.  The only thing that kept me from loving it completely was the plot. I loved the movie's ending. I also loved the concept of a very old man trying to make his dream come true, which I don't see as bad, but it's very believable.  Overall, great film, great music, great acting, great directing. 10/10 great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had been looking for the show, but had to get my hands on the DVD to view the special feature! So, I thought it was very interesting! The main character of the movie is a beautiful and talented artist. His works are totally different from his usual art and his life and his passion is totally different, and his characters are all different and beautiful! This is a great movie!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very intense movie with some great performances. The script is very imaginative and works very well together. The film has an overall chilling atmosphere, the cinematography great and the overall direction brilliant.  This film is a strong movie, very intense, the performances fantastic and the special effects very impressive.  10/10. Great movie 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an entertaining, well-acted and very well-directed little film.  The story itself is good, the performances by the three main actors are fine, and the special effects are fantastic. The ending alone is wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story has been told many times before, but I do not know if this was the best film ever. I would love to see more of the relationship between Ben and the woman he works with on a radio show. The movie is a good love story and I give it a 7 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It's a nice little horror flick. It's not that hard to scare, but the monster is very creepy. The good guys are scary too, but there's still not a lot of action, but a good atmosphere and good acting give the film some scares. It also has good acting, a good plot, a cool soundtrack and a good storyline.  It was interesting to see a movie like this one, but I really enjoyed it. It really shows that there are horror films out there that are so great and can't be taken seriously. I also love the idea of the "perfect" ending. It wasn't the best ending, but it was the best. It was nice, it made me scared, it left a lot to be desired. I would definitely recommend this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite short films in the history of the world, that of an old man, a father and a son. It's a very serious, almost surreal, look at life and the life of a father. I won't give anything away, as I already have.   What really made this movie was the fantastic acting. It was masterfully done, as were the various performances, of the actors who did a good job. The movie reminded me of "The Mother" of Jean-Luc Nancy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie on late night TV and was very impressed with it. I thought it was great and funny. It was so masterfully directed and brilliantly acted and it kept me awake all night long.  I was very pleased with the direction and the brilliant performances. All of the characters and the story were unique and intriguing. The actors were diverse and I enjoyed the dialog and facial expressions from all the actors.  The film is a great deal of fun and it made me angry that it was so well done. I don't think this movie will ever let you down. I hope that everyone else gets a chance to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie has it's ups and downs, but it is not as bad masterpieces as I was expecting. The script works beautifully and the action is very exciting. The soundtrack is also great. I would recommend the movie to any movie lovers. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a comedy of a certain age, which may be why I found it difficult to resist watching, which I did because I like the movie, but that is a pity, because the movie is funny, it is interesting and it is so entertaining, that I was surprised that I did not realise that it was not a comedy, but a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of the movie was good. The story itself was great, especially the acting, the cinematography and the brilliant musical score. I am a big horror movie fan, but this is the great work of Robert Ginty. I have seen this film many times in different parts, and this is one of the best, it is one scary and suspenseful, and I can see why people would not like this film, they would like the classic, and believe me, it was not meant to be a classic horror movie.  I am not going to comment about the story, but I will say that the story is one very chilling and suspensey. Robert G. Thornton, who directed the movie, did a great job also. The special effects are stunning, and so are the visuals. The ending is very suspenseful and well-done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It's not as if this film is a masterpiece. It's an excellent film, with good acting, great music and great cinematography.  This is a film about people that are unhappy and at the end of the day, have nowhere good to go, and want to kill themselves.  It is a very depressing film, and one that will leave you in a state of numb and be stunned.  If you want to know what it's like to live in the city, go to an office, rent a movie, and kill yourself.  I would give this film a 10/10 beautiful score, a beautiful cinematography, great soundtrack, great performances. I give this movie a master class. 7/5 brilliant masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a classic. It is funny, but it is not bad. It has good dialogs, good songs, a good directing and good music. This movie was good for the movie, the movie is good, but not too great. The plot is a good one. And the movie works well in the end.  The movie is not about the movie in general, about a movie for the first time.  It is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, I would like to comment on this movie and the movie itself.  It's very close to the original script and I think you can read the movie and still understand what's going on.  The only negative I can see is that this movie is very original. It's not like some of the "B" movies I've seen, and the songs aren't as good as "Smooth Criminal" or "Criminally Insane".  The acting is great, the beautiful cinematography beautiful and the fantastic music, which I thought was very fitting for a movie of this caliber.  I'm glad I saw this wonderful movie, I really don't think that anyone will miss this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Wave" is perhaps the perfect companion piece to "Gone with the Wind," a story that tells the story of a young man named Phillip who seeks the meaning of life, but as he approaches his goal he comes to realize that there is much more in life than meets the eye.  Phillip spends his time with his friends on a boat in the Pacific Northwest, which is the region where the story is set. They get a chance to tell their own stories about how their lives have changed since they came to live in the same place as Phillip's, and how they have found meaning and hope in the world.  A perfect match for "Gonzo" is "The Man in the Moon," a similar tale that also tells of a man's life and struggle with life. In both cases, there is the same conflict between a man and a woman, but in "Ginzo" the man is the one who is driven by his selfish desires and while in "The man in the moon" the woman is the man who seeks fulfillment in her own dreams.  The final story, which sets the stage for the end of the story, is one of Phillip's dreams of what life would have been like if he had never seen the ocean or the trees or the mountains. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In order to be able to appreciate this movie I need to admit that I'm no big fan of the genre, and the way it was filmed made made made a great effect on me. It was beautifully filmed, it was well made, and I believe the great actors played a magnificent part in this movie. The story was great and so exciting, it made you jump. The characters were strong, believable and so vivid, that you wanted to see the movie every day.  I was impressed with the portrayal of the main character, he was so genuine and so honest. His emotions were so real and so real. I believe this movie shows that you don't have to go into a movie with no expectations and that you just have to surprise yourself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really hard to put your finger on this movie. It's brilliant, brilliantly acted and it made me cry. It made me feel that I am not in Kansas anymore, but in the world at the moment. I am scared for my kids and I hope that my kids are as scared as I am. The beautiful landscapes, the beautiful people, and the amazing beauty all make this movie so special.   I have been a long time waiting for this movie, and I really hope that more movies like this one will come. I'd like to see more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I really liked this film. The actors did great fine work, I really enjoyed the beautiful landscapes and the beautiful people. I think this film is a great love story. If you don't like the story or the actors, then you will not understand this movie. I have to recommend this film to any movie lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the great independent films of all time. I remember watching this when it came out when I was a kid, and it blew me away when I came back to it as an adult, and when I finally saw it as a film in the 1980s, I still do.  I was impressed with the film, but I think it could be a great film for a small group of people.   If anyone knows where I can obtain a copy, please email me. Thanks! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A fascinating film, "The Dreamer" is a true story about the relationship of a man (Dillon) and his dream. The story is actually not a dream, it is a very real nightmare. In this film, Dillon plays a very disturbing patient with a fascination for children's movies. He is plagued by nightmares that haunt him and he tries to escape from these terrifying visions. He even dreams up a horror movie that will help him escape from the nightmares.  This is not the typical horror film. In the film, the viewer has the chance to question whether or not the visions really are real. In order to do this, the filmmaker takes a very creative approach to the story. They show different scenes, which are either disturbing or disturbing. In one scene, the dreamer is shown in the hospital, and the viewer is shown his vision of his dream world. The nightmare begins and we see him as a child again, his mother and the hospital nurses are real people who are frightened by his nightmare. The director then shows a scene where the dream begins again, and we are shown his dream in the present day, as it is happening in the real world. This is what horror movies often use to do. It is also a very unnerving film.   I really enjoyed "The Nightmare", and I hope this film has a similar effect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The original version of this movie had a much stronger story and much more drama to it. The movie version however, is much more streamlined and can still be understood by a small child. In fact, I've been trying to understand this movie for almost two years now.  My favourite scenes are the beginning and the end. This movie shows just how beautiful New York is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the movie was great, but i loved it. I am a big Michael Keaton fan, but the movie still cracks me up. I wish this movie could come true. It has to do with one of his great works. But, it was awesome and brilliant. I loved the way he made his cameo appearance in this movie. But i think the best movie of all time.  This movie was very great and so funny that i am surprised that there are people out there who don't like it. It had a great plot and great performances. It is a movie you don't see every day. It wasn't like when you went to see your favorite movie and you were laughing and having fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of the great romantic anime series, I had to admit that the first episode was the most romantic and emotional. The series was very emotional and emotional, and not to mention cute. The second and third episodes were a bit more emotional. And the last one was the best. This was my second time seeing the movie, but I had not seen the other episodes yet, so I can't compare. So I guess it is OK, I give this movie 10/10. 7/5 (beautiful). 7/7 (lovely). 7.5/10 (beautifully beautiful). 10/5. 10/ masterfully crafted. Excellent romance, and very emotional! 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Wooden Horse" is one of my favorite of the films from director John Thaw. "The Iron Horse" doesn't try to take a story of its own and has much more in common with the tale of "Jaws" and "Jaw" than it has with the story of "The Old Dark Forest." The only problem is that it is too long. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning the main character wakes up in a strange house with strange dreams. She finds out that she is a witch and her life begins to unravel.  I love it. It's a good horror movie with good scares. The plot is a great mystery and the performances of the main actors are masterfully creepy. I'd like to see the movie again but I can't seem to find it anymore. I would really like to thank the creators and the director for brilliant work. 10 beautiful chilling scenes in a movie. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little movie. It is a modern update on the "Rabbit-Proof Fence" which was made at the end of the seventies. It features the usual cast plus some new faces. The plot is very simple. A man who works for the family of a rabbit (Kiefer Sutherland) wants revenge against his boss (played by Alec Baldwin) and his family. When his rabbit-sidekick (Bridget Fonda) gives him a choice of going after his brother's family or going after the woman he loves (Gina Lollobrig), he goes with his family and tries to do both. This is an interesting story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a group of actors who try to break into Hollywood and make a good film is one of those stories about people who have an intellect higher than normal, and who succeed in it.  I enjoyed the performances of the main actors, especially Elizabeth Berkley. She and Richard Widmark played the roles of two of the leading ladies in the film, and were in fine form. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie "My Favorite Martian" was one of the masterpieces of the Sci-fi channel, the channel dedicated to all the channel's programming, including "The Secret World of Dr. Mordrid", "Space Mutiny", "The Deadly Spawn", "Mystery Inc.", "The X-Files", "Superstation", "Plan 9 from Outer Space", and "Doctor Mordrid". I don't know what the best part of the movie is, and I am always interested in new Sci-Fi channel offerings. This movie is entertaining at all the times, but I really didn't get bored watching it, nor did it have any of the typical clichés.  The Martian was a great Sci-fantasy movie, with a special focus on the space travel and exploration of Mars. It is really quite good, even for Sci-Fans, but this movie is not to be taken seriously by anyone. It's just a great entertaining Sci- Fiction channel movie with good entertainment. I give it a 7.6 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the masterpieces of the 20th century. A few of us may find it hard to believe that the first few people to live on the moon were the result of the efforts of a few brilliant engineers and physicists. The film shows us how these great people, all of them, played their parts. This film, if I could, shows the humanity of the early stages of space flight, the struggles of one crew member, a doctor and a bombardier, and how the experience of these men affected one another.   If you are tired of watching films like this one, I'm sure you will find something to do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny movie about the "first" steps of a young professional baseball player. It is reminiscent of other such movies and the acting is good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good and uplifting movie, the story of a woman who has overcome her own life's biggest fear and is now living a dream life with a loving couple of her childhood dreams. The acting is great and I have to recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very interesting film from director Paul Verhoeven, which is not at all surprising. He made the film at the start of the year, and it stayed with me throughout the year. The first 20 minutes of the film was very interesting, but that became more and more impressive as I watched it. It wasn't the usual boring fare, but a great look at the various problems in the world.  As the movie went along, the various themes became more interesting and became more serious, and the overall tone of the movie became serious and depressing. The ending was very powerful, and I found myself crying with the many problems and people around me that had problems, and at the same time I found the main theme of the whole film to be very strong and meaningful.  I enjoyed the end, and would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you enjoy the genre of science fiction you will enjoy this movie. It has an original plot, good humor, great special effects, and a good time. If you love the genre as a whole you will probably not enjoy it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved the first one, and was not expecting the sequel. I was very excited to see how this movie would develop, and boy was I surprised! The acting is brilliant, especially from everyone else, and it is also great to see the beautiful cinematography master, Antonioni, creating beautiful images that move you from the present moment to the past. I have seen many great movies, and this is easily one of the masterpieces. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a short movie. It tells the story of two lonely and talented young women in their 20's that meet one night on a train and decide to take a trip to the beach for a romantic weekend. As they walk, they are taken on a ride by a mysterious and evil force. The story is very interesting and the two women become friends. The plot of the movie is not too complicated, but very thought out and well put together. The cast is also very good. This movie is short and very easy to watch. There are few big disasters that occur in this movie and I enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to rent this movie about two years ago and I was really amazed at the beauty of this movie. It had great acting and great directing, great settings, great locations, great costumes, great performances, wonderful settings and wonderful settings. beautiful film. I loved it very much and I wish more people knew about this wonderful film. It was great and I recommend it to anyone who likes to experience great British cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an action packed, fast-paced, fun film with a lot of explosions and very well-made dialogue.The first half is good but the second half is absolutely amazing awesome, brilliant, and a must see for action fans.The plot is great and the story is excellent.The actors are excellent and you will enjoy it.I give this movie a 7.5/10.I think you will have to watch it and compare it to other action movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film with a good story and good acting from a variety of different actors, all with the same message:  It is the message of "do not take life for granted". The story has a great ending and you will not be disappointed by this film, as long as you keep an open mind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As you can probably guess by now, this is the first short I've seen that isn't a typical Hollywood movie, it's a unique and brilliant masterpiece. It's not an action packed, steroid movie, but a funny and refreshing comedy. And it's not for everyone.  The cast is very good, especially from the kids, who are still very young, it can be a very childish movie, and I'm happy to see some more kids being in it.  I just hope that this movie gets some attention, I have seen it twice so far, and it doesn't seem to get much, but I hope it will get better.  9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is not the standard 'Swedish' film with a lot of blood, guts, violence, nudity, gore, gore and sex scenes. It has a great story and a very good ending! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode of "Cannonball" is the standard. It's an odd romantic comedy about a middle aged couple, who are getting to know each other, and are forced to make a decision. The two make a pact to spend the rest of their lives together, and decide to live together. That's their story. They go through the ordeal of finding out about each other's lives and try to make them into a real life.  The second episode is much more intense. It takes place in the woods of the Pacific Northwest, and is the only episode that really deals with the subject matter of marriage and commitment. It isn't the strongest episode, and it isn't in any way the worst episode. The beauty of the movie is the portrayal of the woods as a place that is devoid of life, and not of trees, as depicted in the other episodes. It is an environment that the viewer has never seen before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved "The Black Cat" in the 60's when it came out. The original title "The Cat and the Canary" was just a clever idea and the story of a cat, a cat with a thirst for blood and a bird with wings to fly is a very interesting story. However, it has been edited by the excellent team of David Duchovney and Peter Weston and it is very close to the original story.  The characters are all very different and you have to remember that they were all living in different time periods and the characters have different motives and different views. This is not the typical cat and mouse movie, it is a story about life and how things change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great movie. I loved the first half an hour of it and was not disappointed. The other half of the movie was great as well, and I liked the final 5 minutes of it as well. The whole movie was brilliant and fun. I recommend everyone to see this. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the original, groundbreaking, dark, Gothic horror film that was released in the spring of 1994. It is a Gothic horror story that will take place in the dark under the sea, and features a young woman, a father and two mysterious visitors. The film has a very good premise, and it is very atmospheric and gory. It has very good performances from the actors, with all of them being very convincing and believable. It also has a good ending, which can be a bit confusing, but in the end, is very satisfying.  The film is very good, and although there is a lot of gore, the movie is not a great gorefest. The music is atmospheric and dark, and the cinematography is pretty good. The soundtrack is good, but the visuals are very atmospheric.  If you like Gothic horror, Gothic suspense, Gothic Gothic horror or Gothic romance, you will enjoy this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the beautiful movie. I have seen this movie twice, I would say three times now, and I can honestly say that I have never been more moved by it. It is a beautiful, touching, yet sad movie. This is a story of a woman who has lost her child, and the effect it has on her life.  I saw it at the Bijou Film Festival, and was moved to tears. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most amazing film I've ever seen, the story is about a man who comes to terms with his past and a desire for a relationship with a woman he doesn't really love.  This is a very disturbing story, but it doesn't take long before the viewer begins to sympathize with the man.  The acting is great, and the film is disturbing. It's a disturbing experience that will leave you disoriented.   The film is a good film, but I think that it would be disturbing if it were given the opportunity to be disturbing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful, suspenseful film. The performances by the main characters are excellent. The plot develops nicely and there are some surprises. This is one of those films that seems to combine suspense, mystery, romance, horror, suspense, romance and mystery in a fascinating way.  The film is also a lot of great atmosphere, which works really well with the film. I found the sound, photography and settings to be beautiful. The film also has great sound effects, which are of course very eerie.  Overall, this is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I was very impressed by this film. I knew I had to go see it." I really did enjoy it, it was the best documentary about the first World War I ever saw, and I found myself not questioning at all what was going on, just enjoying the interaction of the various actors. The main message was that it was one of the greatest tragedies in the history of the world, and that it could be prevented. However, it had some negative aspects, especially the subject of the concentration camps, and the treatment of the wounded. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a very short time, this film, despite the rather obvious similarity of the plots, succeeded in surprising me the most. I am a very big Francophile, and had already read some of the more obscure texts on the subject before watching this magnificent film. I found it so enchanting and fascinating, and I am looking forward to a further study. It certainly wasn't the best, but it wasn't very close.   The title, which was so eloquent that I was almost crying in astonishment at the genius of the title (although, in retrospect, not really in that way). In truth, I was probably the greatest person in the entire history of European cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last few years have been pretty good to see Eddie Murphy's work, and this year he finally made his mark. The movie starts off well with a great cast of his classic Murphy characters, but gets great great great performances from him and all the cast of this brilliant film. Eddie's movie is a fun to watch, and if you are a fan of Murphy you'll probably like it.   The plot of the movie is simple and very fun, but it gets more complex as you see the movie. It is a very serious comedy about a very dumb and talented man that is playing a game of chance with his friends and the whole situation is a mess. The ending is great, the characters funny and the direction great.  I'd like to mention that this is the movie where Murphy has taken a major step backwards in his career, and it is a shame that he made this masterpiece, because it is still the second best movie in his CV. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film for the first time was at the 1996 Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Film Festival. This is the true story of the life of two young gay brothers who, when they were growing up, went to live in the village of their childhood, the first place they've ever lived. It is a small village in northern NSW. It has a gay reputation and the older brother is the only other in their lives to have a gay relationship. The older brother has a history of beating his gay brothers and has become a local legend in the local community. The other brother is gay and has moved to a new home, and as the two are coming together, they have to overcome their problems and find their own way to deal with their feelings.  This film was nominated for the Australian Academy Awards in 2001.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the touching, romantic and romantic movie that I have seen all by myself! It's the story of a young and impressionable man, his struggles in the face of an overbearing mother, a domineering father and a sultry wife, all the while trying to find out who he really is.  A real tearjerker! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I am usually very interested in the subject matter of the film. It had something to say to me about the fact that the director has a good pedigree. In fact, the only person who knows how to do a documentary film can probably be the best person in the world to do it well.   But what masterful skill in capturing a moment of madness, one of the most important and disturbing episodes in history.  This was the first time I had seen such a powerful documentary about mental illness. I was fascinated by the story of a demented man, a man with his own world, but with his victims.  The film was stunning in the beginning and in the middle. It wasn't so much of a story, as it was an amazing experience.  I was surprised at the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of two young people, one a boy and the other a girl, and their fight for the fate of the future is a very cool movie.  The director, Paz Vega, has made great movies in the past but this one is special. The best one I have ever seen and this one will take your breath away.  It is a nice and cheerful story about the dreams of the two main characters, the boy and girl. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie and i think everyone else in the movie deserves to know it. It can be found on most any movie channel. The movie is short and funny and very well directed. I also like the songs. The acting is great. The story is very interesting. Very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, the story is simple and straightforward. A little over a year ago, I saw this film at the New York International Film Festival, and it still haunts me.  As a result of this film's focus on its actors and the writing and visuals, I believe it can be understood as a "noir" genre. The acting is strong and commanding, and the script is wonderfully concise.  A fascinating story with some of the most brilliant performances I have ever seen, this is a film you could pick out of the hundreds of films I have seen in the festival. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love how they all stick together so that you can watch the whole thing at once, without having to go and get your binoculars and enjoy every second of it. You don't need to have a big story to enjoy it, or even to be convinced. The beautiful scenery and breathtaking scenery really enhance what they all had together and make this film a great experience. The sound track is of some fantastic musical selections. I don't really mind if the whole movie is like that, as I am just looking for a good adventure. I also like the soundtrack, which is a nice touch.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie I would rent for any one. Anyone wanting to see a good story will surely get a great movie. The plot is great, the cast great, and the special effect great. I saw this movie at the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Film Festival. I recommend anyone to see it. It has great music and great acting. I give this movie a 7 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie. The actors were great. It has a good story, the cinematography beautiful and the beautiful shots beautiful. The acting was masterfully done. The movie is fun to watch and beautiful. It's hard to find a good comment for this movie, because I have never seen such beautiful cinematography and cinematography. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Wave" is a very impressive and thrilling film. The movie has a very emotional power, which I believe is why I like this movie, despite the fact that it is not a drama, but a very well done and beautifully photographed movie.   The ending is simply stunning. I would like to recommend this movie to anyone interested in a moving story, as well as to anyone who has not seen "Last Wave". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very heartwarming and beautiful movie. The script is clever and can only be described as great. I had a great time watching this movie. It touched me so many emotions and made me feel happy, I would recommend it to anyone who likes to see good, funny, uplifting and inspirational films. It is really a good film to see with friends. I wish to say that I do not recommend this film to anyone, specially children, I do like the movies that are made by adults, I really do. The only reason to see this movie is if your friends are watching the movie, it makes the movie a great experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very entertaining but not boring. The special effects are amazing and the story is full of interesting details.  The movie was beautifully directed and well-made, with great atmosphere and atmosphere. The movie shows the relationship of an older woman with a younger guy who is very interested in her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this episode the "B" side of the show is very dark and gory and the "A" side is bright and cheerful and full of life. This is a very dark movie and it could be seen on TV, but it really isn't like that. I just enjoyed this episode very much, but i could still be watching it now. This show is not bad, it is great! I wish it could live on forever! I am glad to see this series and hope that i will be able to watch it one day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a masterpiece of acting, beautiful cinematography and beautiful photography, and it is one of the masterpieces of the visual medium.  The acting is masterfully crafted, the colours brilliantly saturated, and the camera beautifully framing the scenes.  A must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a comedy that I've never seen, nor would I recommend to others.  It's got a great cast and some great lines, like this:  "The one-liners, the three stooges, the one-in-a-million-saved-in-"  The three stoogs, the guy who played "the King of Spades", and the guy played "The Sassy Girl", all had great lines. I love the lines "the one-lines, the two stoogesses" and "the Sassy girl" and love the "the only true love" lines.  The story is very funny, with a couple of "plot twists", which are funny in my opinion, but that's fine. The cast is great, and the plot is fun. I also love the two lines where the guy is trying to figure out who "The One-Niners" are, and it's fun to watch them trying to "get in touch" with the one "niner". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great, almost silent comedy. A perfect complement to the original. It is a little long. You can almost see the outline of the plot in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to see this at the Tribeca film festival in New York, and it was an impressive piece of acting. I don't understand why it's so underrated, I don;t think the story is the best thing about this film, but the pace and beauty of the performances by the four actors (Mancuso, O'Brien, Soderbergh and Pfeiffer)are stunning.  I enjoyed the way the story was developed, the way it was made clear that this was a story of a dysfunctional family, of an unhappy son, of his mother and his grandmother, of two un-happy parents and their struggle to make it through a dark night. The plot is so beautiful, it's a story that's easy to fall asleep in. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of "Fatal Attraction" is a great story of sexual passion, sexual awakening, and the life and dreams of a man whose wife dies and he comes in contact with a mysterious woman (Brigitte Lin) who gives him a chance to live his dream life.  "Fassbinder" is the kind of movie that you don't hear much about, although it is not very erotic. It is kind of cheesy, and a nice film for any movie fan. The only thing that could have saved it is if it was a romantic-comedy with some deep emotional themes, or if it had been a horror film with a good atmosphere.  The great acting in this movie is all by Jurgen Prochnow, a German actor, who gives a fantastic performance, and he is perfect as the disturbed man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been into anime/comedy, and this is no exception. This was the brilliant premise that started this whole thing. I am not the only one who thought this brilliant! The characters are so diverse and wonderful, that you could never stop laughing long before giving your complete attention to them all.  This is the quintessential of all "A-Level" anime, and I love that.  I really don't know how I feel about this show, and if you don't like it, I'd suggest you not watch any of the anime I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the movie, I think it is the best. The acting is great, the cinematography great and the beautiful setting brilliant. A great masterpiece, with special effects and special music. I recommend it to anyone, no one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of those movies you always have to look for. In this movie, it was perfect. It was beautifully crafted, beautifully acted and brilliantly beautiful. This movie is about a beautiful family who's been caught in the middle of all the troubles of the 20th century. This story is one of many in which the conflict is between a middle class family and a lower class family. I loved how each family had so many problems and how they had so little time to figure out what they wanted to be happy. This is the theme of this movie. It also dealt with how a father could care for his child while a mother took care of her husband. I thought the movie was beautiful and so I am going to rate this movie the highest rating possible.  I am glad this movie came out in 2002, because this is the perfect time to release a movie about this theme. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "A very refreshingly romantic" - the movie is a love story of two couples. One is a married woman (Denzel) and the other is a single woman (Mancuso). This movie is the story of their mutual struggles as they try to move past their infatuation. They must face off against others in the process, like the "vulnerable" woman who is a friend of the woman's husband and her sister (Lahr).  This movie was directed by Michael Kehl and co-written by Steven Soderbergh. A must see for anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The two main stories that the movie tells are: how a widower becomes a widowed father and how a woman who's lost her husband and father to illness gets to see her children again.  The story of an old man, his life changes when his wife dies and he goes on a journey to visit his two children, his long lost daughter and his deceased brother.  On his journey, he meets a woman in his life that he doesn't even recognize as his own mother, and she gives him her blessing.   When he returns home, he has to decide whether he will live his own life or not.  It's an emotional journey. The story moves at a nice pace and the emotions and experiences are powerful and moving.  This movie doesn't fall into the trap of being too sentimental and sentimental and fails to do what it needs to do and what it should do. The emotions that you get during the journey are powerful, powerful and full of sadness. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very good story of a father of two (Kaninovich) and his two sons (Kapirovsky and Omid Djalili) who have to survive the constant cold, rain and wind. There are some scenes where it's obvious the wind is blowing, so the viewer has to decide whether to get wet or not.   But this film is more realistic than all the Russian films. It shows the characters in a realistic light, and is the only one with a soundtrack that isn't used in many American films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Daughters" is a wonderfully written, deeply emotional and insightful story about a mother (Dorothy) who marries her husband (Dawson, the attorney for her daughter's mother) when she discovers that he is cheating on her. With help from her daughter (Dow, the assistant director of the film) she attempts to get him to be the one who has committed the act of infidelity.  The movie is not very emotional in it's portrayal of the relationship between mother and daughter, and is not a very depressing movie. I found it both emotionally manipulative and beautiful.  " Daughters" will not only bore you to tears, but it will leave you with a renewed belief in the world.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a huge fan of this series when it first aired and I absolutely loved every episode. The plot was fantastic, and I still find it to be an intriguing one. The ending is also touching, as I think it was the only ending that I could have come up with on my own. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this show and am happy to see other people being entertained by it. It shows that there is a market for such shows as this, but I would think that this show is better suited for a general audience.  It is so natural, beautiful, and entertaining. The story is one of those sitcoms, but it is a very well developed show with no predictable stories. It is similar to how I feel when watching stand up on TV. The cast is also amazing. It makes for great TV shows.  This is the first time I have seen a show that was actually funny, although I do like all of the other shows. The humor is very natural, very real and very refreshing. The actors do a good job and the show is not all about sex and nudity, but about real life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen was "Night at the Museum," made with director Steven Soderbergh in 1998, in which he takes a trip down to the Bronx to look at some of the original pieces of art. It's not an Oscar nomination, but it is a superb ensemble performance by Ed Harris, who also made "A Night at the Roxbury," "Soderbergg's Island" and "Rain Man."   Soderberg, Harris and co-writer David Levinson (John Le Mesurier) are excellent, and their story isn't about New York as we know it. The film follows a group of misfits who are led by a brilliant art historian (Matthew McConaughey) and a photographer (Robert Redford) who make their own trip to the museum, while McConaghey and Redford stay in the city to enjoy their lives and work. They are a group, with some notable exceptions, of misfit artists, including the aforementioned Redford, who gets a lot of screen time. The plot is light, and the film is well, if not forgettable, because the director is a master of subtle symbolism, and his cinematography is brilliant. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I liked this movie very much, and the only negative I can give you is that I didn't like the first one very much. This movie was fun, and so was the first movie, so I don't think this one is any different. It was very funny, very emotional, and I don`t want to give anything away. The characters are cool, and you can`t always see how they`re gonna react.  I have seen many, many movies, but this is one of those special gems. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a man and his interactions with nature and his family is something you don't want to see in everyday life. It's something most people don't even think about. I guess, they're too concerned with their own thoughts.  This is a beautiful film. The acting is great, the animals great, and I love how they look and act. I'm really not a big fan of animals. I was never a big animal lover before I saw this film.  All in all, this is one great film. If you like nature, if you like animals, if they don't annoy you, if your a person, if this isn't the perfect film for you, then you don;t need to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not really an action movie, and it isn't a film to watch. It's a great movie! It's great for the time period, but you can watch it without any expectations, and you don't need to understand the Japanese culture to understand this movie.   The acting is excellent, with beautiful character portrayals and great action scenes. The characters are also good, with different personalities and different situations. It has a story that the audience can relate to, with the main character in love with another woman, and with the lead character having his own desires. The ending is a surprise, and will make you want to go and see the movie again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was my favorite of the bunch, but was not too much. The script works beautifully, and the cinematography masterfully captured the ambiance and claustraphobia of a night-time movie. The soundtrack works wonderfully as well, and was very memorable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the story develops, and the acting and settings are unique and vivid, is a tribute to the creative genius of Albert Pyun. I like it!   The film contains a good story, with great dialog, and nice animation. It can be seen as a love story between a woman and a man, but the story is a little weak, and a bit boring at times.  This is the best Pyun made, I liked it! I also like the scenes with the animals and the sky, but I don't like it as much. I was a bit scared at the end of the film.  My rating: 6/5 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces in the series. I was pleasantly surprised with this, it is not just a love story, but a tale of survival. I'm really glad I don't have to remember it again.  I loved it, I don;t think it was a very intense movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an enjoyable movie with good performances by Denzel Washington and William H Macy. The story is one of many in which a high school football coach is forced to make a decision as to who will be his "champions" next year. I found the film to be very realistic and I would like to know how the two friends find out. This is a movie you do not want to pass up on. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this show. It was so charming, and so funny, and it's not about war, it's about the people in the middle. There's a lot of death, and a lot has a morbid tone. But it's so well done. I love that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic film about an ex-GI who returns home from the war and finds the war has changed him. His brother, a GI who went to war, comes back and he tries to change the GI's mind.  The other brother, another GI, has also been in the war. He is the one who wants to get away from the other brother and take care of his own problems, and he will help the brother's.   This movie is a realistic and touching story. It is not an anti-war movie. It can be used to tell a love story without being sensationalist or sensationalist. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a simple one. In the small town of "Roxanne" the "new" generation is getting restless and wanting to be active in the world, and all they see is a big, happy, and very beautiful town. Roxanne is a poor town, and the old men there have a very high opinion about the new generation, but they are very happy with the fact that they have a son who is active in his community. They get together and make a "Plan 90210" for the future of the town, so they can get all the young people into the right frame of mind and keep things together.  The movie is about a young woman who has chosen to be part of this new world, but has taken things too seriously and her actions have become very serious and serious. Her life has become intertwined with her neighbors, and she can't tell the difference. The old men think she has "issues", but she doesn't. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is a very interesting one, so I don't want to give any details. The movie was a great story. I think I'll tell you how the movie was filmed, but I'll keep it to myself to tell you that this is a great movie. I was surprised at the acting of all the actors, and the beautiful scenery and settings, which made this a wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an independant short film, about a simple tale of a couple trying to heal their fractured relationship. It's about a guy, a woman, a dog, a cat, a bird, and a fish. I won't spoil the story. I would just like to be able to say more. I can't believe that this film won the Academy Award. A perfect companion piece to the much-missed and much-under-appreciated "The Lady From Shanghai" (also with the same theme, about the mysterious and tragic life of a woman who meets a lonely old woman and is forced to return to her village, or at least one of the many small Chinese villages that exist there), this film is a welcome change of pace from the usual Hollywood fare, and contains many themes of healing in addition to the usual themes of tragedy, romance, and sex. I especially like the portrayal of the old woman, and how she has to find meaning in a world of modern technology and mass media, while also dealing with loneliness and alienation. I'd like to have seen more of the relationship between the old lady and the guy, as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to say this is one of my favorite scenes. It was touching, funny, and a very emotional scene. The plot was beautiful, the performances of the various characters was great, and the final scene was just amazing. I love it, and I hope the director makes more movies like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first installment of the M&C2 series (the first ever in a feature film) is very faithful to the original story. In this installment, the story has changed in the 2nd inst. (The first inst. is the original version)  The M&G2 is the M.C.2 (computer graphics) version of the story, which has the same theme. It is a pure reinterpretation of the original M&P2 movie.  The plot of the movie has not changed since the original one. The original story is a good one, the movie is a tribute to the great M&T2 version of it.  In this movie, the M2 version is replaced by the M3 version.  This movie is based on a story by James G. Robinson, the original author of the book and the screenplay is based upon his work. The movie is not a remake of the classic M&M story, the remake of this movie is only a reinterpretion of his story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the great indie films. The movie follows the story of a film student, David, and his quest for self-knowledge and his interactions with his family and a close friend. The film focuses on his interactions and struggles with his environment, his family, his classmates, and others.  This story focuses on David's experience of being a student in an artsy school in an American suburb. The plot is interesting, as it explores how David learns to interact with people, his environment and his family. David is very realistic in his portrayal of the "ordinary" American. The story is based on real life experiences, as opposed to being "tarted up" for Hollywood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title says it all. "Love in the Time of Money" is a wonderful romantic comedy about the trials of an old-time hustler who falls in love with a new woman. This film is directed by one of my favorite directors, Victor J. Stiles. I love the way he and the cast play their characters in this film. Stiller's character is so charming, and so down to heart, that he is truly an original. He also has great lines, and the movie is so enjoyable that it will not let you down. It has a simple story and that is the reason I give this film such a high rating. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of those special films that has great acting, great photography, great settings and great music. I loved the film when I first saw it, and still do, and I'm surprised that it's one of my favorite actors, and he's the same guy who made the first one! The scene in the bathhouse where the guy sings and the woman is crying, that was amazing! That scene was one of the great scenes, and the other scenes were great. I especially enjoyed the scene where the husband is playing his drums, and it's really creepy! Also, the last scene was very touching, very disturbing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A man is planning to visit a friend for a weekend and he is caught up in the middle of a beautiful blue moon. The man tries to keep his plans a secret from his new friend, a woman he met during a life changing moment.  A perfect movie, a perfect blend of drama and comedy. The actors and the director work together brilliantly to bring out the best in every aspect of this movie.  The actors in this movie work very hard and are rewarded wonderfully. The story is simple and realistic, the plot is engaging and funny and interesting, and the cinematography beautiful and works very well. I like it very much! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good film and it does not fall short of the other great anime and its visuals are beautiful.  I have to say that if I were to compare this movie to my favorites I would say it has a much better story and better animation and better characters.  The whole idea of a female witch being able to take the form of a giant spider and fight in the darkness is an interesting idea and it works really well in both ways.  If you are looking for a great movie, this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie in the theater many times. It has held up to many a test of a film. I especially like the scene where the two guys are in the office and the woman is giving a presentation. She is so beautiful. This is a film that has depth. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this show. It has been on since 1996 and I watched it again this year. The acting was great and the story beautiful and I loved every minute of it. I want to make a point of telling you that this was not a show for the network. If this show ever made it to a live audience, there would have been so many laughs and the cast and crew would have deserved awards. It was very creative and brilliant. If I could thank all the wonderful people who worked on this show, I would. Thank you for inspiring me to write this comment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people that were scared of the future. This movie has a powerful message. It is a story about a young woman's journey to a life of terror. Her father (Mancuso) is a good man that she can look up to. The father (Jensen) tells her that the things he fears are not imaginary. Things are very real. It starts with a bang and she gets scared. Then there are many scares, and it all continues to great effect. The ending is shocking. It has some of the best scares I have seen in movies.  The movie is well made and is very suspenseful. I think that this movie will make a good addition to the list of scary movies. This is very scary, and has good messages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on late one night with my cousin. I think it was awesome. The movie is brilliant and I loved it! It is a movie about life, about a woman who is obsessed with her kids and her husband, and about her dreams. The actors were great, the songs great, and I love that the story has a great ending! So glad I went to see this beautiful movie!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all I am a big movie buff and I am going to start by reviewing some of my favorites, but this is definitely one of the great and greats. A great plot, great acting, great directing, great special FX and great great special effects! Brilliant! Brilliant great special effect, great brilliant FX, great great great FX, amazing great fantastic fantastic and brilliant special FX, fantastic great specialFX, great FX and brilliant FX! Brilliant awesome FX, brilliant special effects, brilliant FX and stunning FX, awesome FX and amazing FX! This movie is a MUST SEE!!! Definitely worth the $9.99 price of the DVD, which is available now. Also, I am surprised that so many people have not seen this masterpiece! Go, go and WATCH it, and I would highly recommend you do the same! I would love to know why I have not heard of this film, and if anyone knows, I will be happy to know. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of two siblings, played by Jelica and Ewan McGregor, whose lives and dreams intertwite in a way that feels unforced and natural.  I liked the idea of this, but I was glad it didn't feel rushed, because the script masterfully guided the story in interesting and unique directions.  There is also a lot of fantastic humour and visual gags.  This movie is very similar to the "Cannonball Run", in terms of plot and direction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved "My Favorite Martian" when it came out. It was the first movie with John Lithgow. It's really similar to "My Name is Julia", "Hobgoblins", "The Incredible Strange Film Show", "Walking Tall", "My Man Godfather", "A Christmas Together", and the "Jupiter's Darling" movie.  It's a short, sweet, and sweet movie that is not really about science fiction but about a boy named J.B. (John Lithgow) who is obsessed with a mysterious and unexplained illness that he can control. He's convinced that his mother, played by Amy Aldrich, will do everything in her power to help him.  When J.C. (Amy D. Anderson) finds out that he has a strange illness, she tries to kill him. She gets in touch with him, and they become friends.   "My favorite Martian" is an incredibly charming movie. It is not only entertaining but it is really short and sweet. You will laugh, you will cry, and you will wonder why. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who grew up in the middle-east, I have to say that I have seen all the movie clips, and can't understand why this was never broadcast on the US TV.  The plot is so masterfully developed and detailed, that I felt I had to write a long review. I am a huge fan of all the films that were made in the west during this period, and have seen them all.  This is one of the masterpieces of the 20th century, that were only made for a couple of weeks, because no one expected the spectacular movie to be made in such a short time.  I am glad to see that the story has not been censored, as some other comments have, but I have the feeling that it has been lost. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie... It is SO funny, but it is not just a straight comedy, but a romantic comedy with a lot of serious humor. The film is not as cheesy as some of the recent movies, but not as much as others. It has a lot different themes in it, and you can't expect a comedy about it unless you like it. I like the idea of the film, I like it as a whole. This movie has a good concept and good humor, and I liked it a lot, and it made me laugh so hard that I had to take my time to watch it again.  The whole concept is pretty interesting and it has a pretty high concept, and that's why I gave this movie such great ratings. If you want to watch this film, don't expect too much, because it is still not too late. If it will make you laugh hard enough, you won't even notice that the story is stupid. It is still a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this short film the title is the English translation of the Chinese proverb, "The wind is blowing, you are blowing, don't be discouraged". The story is a tribute to the people of the old Silk Road cities who made a long journey from the old country to the new world.  It features the magnificent and beautiful scenery, with some magnificent scenes, such as the old cities and the silk road.  The film is a documentary of a story of some kind. The director has done it well. He shows the process from the early days to the present, with his camera, which has a good sense of perspective and an excellent sense of timing. The film follows the lives of these Silk Road people and their families and their communities, and is able to show their struggles for self-discovery and their dreams.   It is not a movie, it is a very humanistic picture of a documentary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First of all, I don't know if this movie was masterfully crafted by the genius who directed this master masterpiece, which I am sure it was. Brilliant visuals, brilliant performances from some wonderful actors, amazing visuals, great cinematography settings and great music (Themes of "Panic") made this masterpiece one brilliant masterpiece. The beautiful cast is perfect, especially the young actress who played the heroine's sister and the beautiful singer who played her lover's mother. The cinematography is great, and the story is great and moving. It is very heartwarming and touching. This is a classic!  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I like all the B movie genre. From the Sci-fi, to the Gothic and Gothic to the Action genre, I don't like B movie genres. I just enjoy the genres that I like. The best part is that the movie itself isn't boring. It is unique in every way, from the story to the style, the story, the dialog, the camera and all the other things. The script is great and the style is unique. It reminds me of the movie "The Sentinel". I like "The Knight Rider" and "The Matrix" more, but I also like "I Robot" and even though that is a very silly movie, it doesn't get much special. The main character is great. The story is a lot of fun. I don"t like all Sci-Fi and Gothic movies. I like B movies, and I like Gothic movies, Gothic movies and Action movies. The only time I liked "The Terminator" was because it is so short and sweet. The movie is actually good. The whole movie is great, and it makes the whole movie unique.  The music is very good. I think the movie is very atmospheric and very stylish. It has some good music and some very good sound effects. It also has a good score and a good soundtrack.  Overall, I think this is a great movie. If you like Sci- fi and Gothic/Horror/Action movies, you will like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is set during the time of the Second World War, as a woman finds herself pregnant. She is given a choice to either give birth to a child or keep living in the village with her husband and his family.    The movie is well made with some very good cinematography, and the music is memorable, and perhaps the strongest part of the movie is the scene where the woman is walking down the village street, and a young boy in the crowd is seen to have fallen down.  The second time she is shown to have made the same choice, the child is now a young man, and she is seen again to have done it again.  What I can't stand is the ending. This is a strong, poignant end that should have taken the viewer to a more emotional place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the original two-parter at least three times, and it still cracks me up.  The only problem with the original film was the soundtrack. It's haunting and I'm scared that I will never get those nightmares from this brilliant cast again. Wonderful performances from all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "My Favorite Martian" is a film that I hope will get to a theater near you. The movie has a lot of laughs and good acting. The direction is masterful and creative and it is a fun movie to watch. The cast is excellent as well. "My favorite Martian" has a plot that is interesting, not like some movies that were made in the 70's. However, it doesn't seem to be made for kids, as I said, it is just a fun, creative, and imaginative movie. It is interesting and exciting, and has a great message. I hope this movie gets to be shown at least once. I wish it was longer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a middle aged lawyer (Jordière) and his friend (Vigneron) who decide to go to Tahiti to get the island's best song.  The two decide to make a trip, and decide to stop at the hotel and get some rest. They are surprised to find out that there are others around and want to have a good time together, so they try to escape.  After a few days of not knowing what they want to do, they decide to take a trip. They go in the canoe, and while in the water, they discover that the island is surrounded by big waves. They decide to leave the canoe and go on a long walk. They meet up with other people and they all decide to have fun together.  They decide that the best way to get rid of the island and enjoy Tahiti is to make it their own. They get together with some friends and they start making a boat. It is nice and they get to know the island better.  Now Jordière and Vignerons are in trouble with the local chiefs. They have to decide between going back to Tahitian Village and letting the natives take over or going with the natives and taking back the island.  What do they decide?  What happens next is one of my favorite scenes in the movie. The acting is masterful, and the cinematography great. You will enjoy it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the funniest of the "Dirty Sanchez" series and it is an interesting watch.  The acting is good, the music is great and it has a strange and twisted story. It is not hard to guess what is going on, the acting is great, the plot is great. It has a great storyline and the funnier parts are good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm glad i saw this movie and found it to be so great in comparison to other recent releases. I enjoyed this movie, and if you have any information regarding it please do so, and i'm sure that you would too. It is a movie that i've watched and i would like to find a copy, so that i can send the person who directed it to a DVD of this movie. I'd like to know how this movie is:  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny. It's well directed and masterfully done. The story of an artist in a mental institution and her quest for acceptance by the art world are the only stories that are told in this movie.    I really like it. I don't think that it's for everybody. If you like the art, you'll probably like this movie, but I'm not sure if I like it... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a story of the evolution of the human body. I saw this in a film course in college and really got interested. I really don't understand how it can be classified as a drama or not. If you have a good sense of humor you'll enjoy it, but I personally don't think you'll like it much if at all.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is something that has been done many times before, but it works perfectly here. The film works as a story, with great acting and great acting from the actors, a great story, and great direction.  It is a must see, a must watch, and if you like me you will get all the action and sex, but this is not for the casual movie-goer. This is a good film for a mature man who wants to be touched and to be entertained. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a great fantasy but it was made very well by the very good actors and it was a nice fantasy that didn't have many flaws. I was impressed with the beautiful scenery and beautiful acting by all the cast and the great acting in this movie. I felt for all the characters, especially for the characters that played the main roles. The movie made me feel for the main character and that they weren't as typical as I had thought they were going to be. I love that they played their parts very well and not at all over the top. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes to watch movies that are very fantasy and not real life. The acting was great, the story great, and the beautiful landscapes beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm going to start out by saying I haven't seen this before so I am shocked that it was not more well-known when I saw the film.  This is a very well done, suspenseful and well-crafted movie. It has a good beginning and great ending.  The acting is excellent and the story is moving and exciting. The best part of the movie is the ending. It is very well written and thought out. It makes the entire movie worth watching.  There are plenty of scenes that will make you think. It's not too long to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well made documentary about one of the greatest rock n' roll concerts in the history of the United States. It has a plot, which you have to see to believe, a plot that you have no time to see and a great soundtrack! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very enjoyable, and I found myself looking for it again and again, and found it everywhere. It was beautiful and inspiring. I have seen this movie several times, and it always seems to be the same thing every time, but now it seems more realistic.  It was not too violent, but it was very disturbing, and not for kids.  The music in this movie was beautiful, and was so soothing, that it made me feel physically ill at the music.  If you liked the first movie, you will love this movie, as it was not all the same. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first two episodes of the series are good, but they are really quite ordinary and typical and not really special. It's a bit of a slow story and some of the acting is good, the script is excellent, the special effects excellent. A great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the best story I've ever seen. A lot of the cast do a great job as well. The story is very realistic and I'm glad I didn't pay attention to the story lines because I was so engrossed by the beauty and beauty of the story and the beauty of this beautiful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of the very best movie I ever saw. And the one that got me to cry so hard at the end was "The General", a movie so powerful, so emotional, so beautiful, so touching, that it should be seen to heal. I watched this film as a teenager, and it still am the only movie that made me cry that hard.    I hope that one day a remake will come, but until that day I will keep watching this wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first two films were very good, but the third one, 'The Night Listener', is fantastic. It's a great, simple and touching story of the first ever film directed by Peter Greenaway. It stars Alison Eastwood, and you have to see it for the magnificent acting by Alison. The main story is a young man's dream of becoming a writer, but Alison's real life dreams collide with her real life and she has to choose between the two.  The film is so charming that I have to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be brilliant. I thought it was great in that it showed the diversity of different people and how they make different decisions in life. The ending alone, had a powerful message.  The movie is about two families. One family is made of a mother (Lahr) who wants to get away from the city and has been taking pictures of all the things she sees. This movie shows the mother's life and struggles as she tries to get a life.  I thought that this was great and showed how family is a major factor in life and people who are "trusting" their family are not going to live long. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite films and I think this was my reaction exactly. But after watching it, I can't take my eyes off the great screen. It was beautiful and the story was beautiful, it was touching and beautiful. The main actors are beautiful, they are good and all the other actors, well, I think they are all amazing. I was touched in a way I haven't been touched in many films and was moved in a place I never have been moved in before. It wasn't the end, the whole film touched me. I felt the story and the direction of the film, it brought back a feeling from the movie. The acting was great, the cinematography master brilliant and the cinematographic great. I think it was amazing and great. The story is so beautiful, I'm glad I saw it. I can never forget that this is not a film, that I will always remember and that no matter how I am feeling, I will never be the same person I was in this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this movie when I was in 3rd grade in the '70s. I've seen it a lot since, and it still am a hauntingly beautiful picture.  In the 1970s, a group of film students took part in the "Festival of the Dead" in Pabst, Wisconsin. This picture is about a group singing in a cemetery.  What made this movie so amazing was the fact that it is an extremely creepy story, with some extremely disturbing scenes.  I will admit that some parts are too disturbing, but I guess that is why I had trouble sleeping at night.  This is a very creepy story. It's the kind of movie that makes you question everything, and that makes the audience question their own thoughts and beliefs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good documentary film about the life of two very different people, with two very serious problems. The film is about a female psychologist, and her interactions with her patients, who are her patients. The main story is about the patients who live in a psychiatric institution. The patients are all women, who have a history of mental illness, but they don't receive treatment or treatment as such, they are treated wonderfully. The documentary is about people who are living with mental illness and the story of their struggles is very heart-breaking. I saw this film about 6 years ago, and it still haunts me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked The Incredible Mr. Limpet, this movie is for you.  The premise of the film is very interesting. A man is found to have a strange illness. He starts to have seizures and hallucinations.   The plot of the movie is very intriguing, it is filled with beautiful cinematography, excellent editing, great music, great acting, great directing, great direction, brilliant cinematography masterpieces, great cinematography and brilliant cinematographic cinematography.  Overall this is a great movie. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   If you like the classics, this is for you.   I have seen hundreds of comedies. In most of them, you know what the movie is about and what you get.  Some of them you like to laugh at and laugh at yourself.  Others you laugh at just to be funny.  This is not one of those comedies, a funny movie with good humor, good directing, great music and great laughs.  I am just glad that there are people out there that have seen it and enjoyed it.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It has been two years since I first saw this movie, and I have to say that it still stands out in my mind as one of the great masterpieces of the last century. It is a very powerful and disturbing movie, with a chilling atmosphere and the ability to completely change the way you see the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of an Australian couple that have taken a trip out to the country to experience some new things. While the couple has taken some time to get settled, the rest of the movie is really fantastic. From the opening scenes, it is clear that they will be leaving town within the next few days, but the adventure they have planned for themselves is incredible. I really enjoyed the end when the couple are stranded on a remote island and the local community have taken the lead on their rescue. The island is in a dangerous location, so if the couple gets caught by the natives, they will either die or be taken prisoner.  The story is good and if you like adventure films, I would recommend this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed movie set in a small Chinese village in China in the middle of the night. It has a lot of action and the fights are very short and intense.  The action is full of surprises and the plot is solid. The story is very interesting and the acting is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's so rare that you don't hear much about this show, but I had to catch it on the old Disney channel to be surprised. The episode with the squirrels was so funny and I felt so sad for the characters. I am really glad that Disney has put this show on the air, as it has to be on every week at 2AM. The episodes aren't really special, and there is only one episode that I watched in a long time, and that was the one that I can't remember. I wish I could see every episode, but Disney hasn't let us. This is really awesome. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the first version, which I saw at the Toronto International Film Festival in November 2005. I was surprised at the second version with it's original ending. But I was so captivating and so thought-provoking that I was astonished by the subtle differences in the way the story evolved.   The beginning was intriguing, but after a great performance by Alison Eastwood, and a wonderful script, I was fully convinced that the best version was the true one.  A great cast of supporting actors and actresses all gave stunning performances. Alison's performance in particular stood out as being the most believable. She took on an acting challenge and found it very believable that a person who has lived through the life of the artist would be so affected by her treatment.  This film is a real shame that it was not released for a wider audience. I have never seen any version that was as beautiful as this one. I am surprised that the Canadian film industry would allow it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only problem I had with this movie was that it kept me from going to sleep the whole time, even when it was at the beginning. I love the first 20 minutes and am still in love with the end. The scene where all the love is revealed to everyone is a very emotional and touching moment. I also love the scene where the girls and the guys all gathered around and danced together. It reminded me of the "Romeo and Juliet" story.  I was not surprised with this great movie. My expectations were high for a film from Dreamworks and was surprised at the quality of the animation. I thought the film was great. It has beautiful music, amazing visuals, great acting. It also has the beautiful "Rama Hare Krishna" song. It was amazing and so moving. I felt that this was the best movie I have ever seen in my life. It did not disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the wonderful, first animated feature that really shows how people who love animals can connect with animals. It is not the usual animals movie that people often don't see. It's about a man (Tay Devgan as the animals trainer) who becomes friends with animals and learns to appreciate them. Devgan has the animals he works with and learns that he can be a friend and treat them as friends.  The other animals are also very intelligent and can tell Devgan what they want. It shows that the animals are not dumb and do not have the same mentality as humans.  It has some pretty good special effects and some nice songs, but the animation is very nice and the songs and sound are not overdone. This is probably the best of the series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very romantic anime and the first one to feature an actual CG animation (that is, the full CG world, with all its detailed details, including the appearance of the characters and the environment, etc.) CG was used for this animated anime, which shows the story of the lonely and unhappy couple living together, with a surprising theme: love is inevitable, and it will not let us down!   The CG animation was very detailed, although a bit flat at times. I can't imagine that this would be a good anime for an average person, but for me it was very touching, and I was surprised that such a simple and touching anime could have such beautiful results. I hope that one day there will be another animated CG film featuring this theme, and that we will see this masterpiece on the big screen, with everyone else watching the story on their own. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, this movie is very funny, very dramatic, very beautiful, and I think that it can make you laugh and angry... but I do not think it has to be a comedy movie, because in my opinion it is very hard to find a movie that can make a person laugh and very angry... I like the movie very much...  This movie is a very violent movie, a very sad movie, that has very good story and very good acting... I have to say, this is a good comedy... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was an excellent and uplifting film. It was well made, and acted well. The first segment, which dealt with the life of the older woman, was well done, and the others are good. It is nice to see the characters, and to feel their thoughts as the movie progressed. This is the kind of film that you want to see in a small group, so you don't have to be a movie critic to tell you that. If you are a person that is interested in a movie like this, you will enjoy it. I give it a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a very original and creative movie that should have stood out more in the beginning of the film, but it masterfully wrapped up this story in a way that makes you feel like a real movie fan for the whole movie.  I recommend it to anyone looking to escape from a bad movie with a creative story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A perfect blend of fantasy, science fiction and science fiction. This film is not a masterpiece but a great fun filled movie with tons of imagination and fun. This movie is about the future of space travel. I have to admit, I am biased towards this movie and I think everyone should enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not often that I come across a film that makes me feel so completely different from the characters, and this is no exception.  The acting is great, especially from the two main characters, the one played by Timothy Hutton and the other by Peter Falk. The direction masterfully captures the feel of a post-apocalyptic setting, and while it doesn't capture every detail, it certainly makes you realise that the world is a dangerous place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie first when I was a kid and really liked it but as an adult I still find it a little strange, I still feel the urge to get up and get a good laugh every now and then, and that's what movies like this one are all about. I still wish I could get a copy of it, the original is probably better than the remake, and this is probably the masterful version of the classic. I would love to know how this version was filmed, but I am glad I didn't know.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a good thriller and there's a lot of good horror, suspense and suspense. It is very atmospheric and realistic.  There are a few flaws. It's too long and the ending could have been a bit longer. Also the story was a bit too much to one side. I guess the director liked the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is awesome. It is a very well done and beautiful story. I found it very original and touching.  The movie is about a man that is trying to find his way to become a true hero. His father has passed away, leaving him alone with nothing more to live for. When he finds out he is going to be killed by a crazed mob he meets with his sister and a small group of people that he meets on the side of the road.  I found the whole movie interesting and the story is very touching. I would recommend this movie to anyone. I don't recommend people with a lot of time on their hands or anyone that is easily entertained. I recommend this film to anyone that wants to watch a great movie that is very depressing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a bit sceptical with this movie. It was an intriguing movie, but it was not just my favourite movie, not at all.  It was intriguing to watch, not because of it's plot, but for the fact that it is a very good film.  The ending is really good, and it makes a great deal of sense, the whole story is good, it has a good plot, and good performances.  Definitely worth the watch. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed the first half of this movie and I was pleased with the beautiful and fantastic scenery and stunning animation, especially for a 2D animated feature! I found it to be visually stunning and I think it is also the story of a very ordinary girl trying to overcome her fears and overcome life and find her place in the world, and her struggles will have a huge influence on her and her family! In conclusion, if you are interested in seeing this movie, don't miss it. I hope that everyone can enjoy it, and I hope to have some nice movies from Disney in the next few years, which is what i wanted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the story moves is a bit like the story of Cinderella (though Cinderella is the same as in "Cinderella"). In the beginning, all the little stories and pictures are really quite simple and well-chosen. Then, the story turns into a beautiful, natural and touching story. I found this to be a great story and I would like to recommend it to all the people who likes fairy-tales. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes is at the beginning when the woman tells her son, "I am very much a slave." The son replies, "Well, I don't have any time for this."  The scene with the slave is quite touching and sad, and I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an original and very intense documentary film about a man who comes back from the dead to bring back a fallen comrade, who has committed a crime and who wants revenge on his tormentors.  The director, Thomas Riedelsheimer, does a great job,as well as the director of the documentary "Hoechstaufrunde Kriemhild" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts with a scene in a bar, where a beautiful girl, dressed in red, tells her father to take her outside. As they walk, a beautiful woman, dressed completely in red and wearing a beautiful white gown, appears and asks the girl if she would take a walk with her. The scene takes a turn when the girl asks her father if she can go with him. He declines, telling her it would be a good trip. She tells her not to worry, but she doesn't know where she is.    Then, the scene in the bar is wonderful. The girl is dressed in a stunning white gown and asks her dad if he would take her on a walk. He says yes. Then she tells her to take a trip with her and she doesn;t take her anywhere, she just leaves. Later on, the girl is in a beautiful location and asks for help. She runs into a man dressed in black and tells him not to take his picture. He tells her that he is the girl she was with in the previous scene.  The beautiful and talented girl has a great sense of humor. She makes the best of what she has. The man is a genius. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was an awesome and creative film. The idea of the film is very simple. We have two main characters: The First (Jonny Craig) and the Second (Ethan Winters). They are both very interesting and yet somehow make it all work together well. I really love the first one, it's all the great character designs and great animation. It's very funny and creative, the second one is very much the same. The cinematography is awesome and beautiful. The music and soundtracks are amazing and the best music I have ever heard in my life was the ambient soundtracks from the film. My favourites were "Oceans 11" and "The Haunting" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is in the same league as the excellent "Bond" series, it's a real suspense filled and well-made movie.  It was made in 1974, at a time when Hollywood was trying to find something new, so there's nothing like it, it was ahead of its time.  The plot has great suspense, and the action is well choreographed and well done.   This is the first time I have seen a good film with an all black cast. I don't know if it was because of the fact that the movie was made when there was great interest in the African American characters, or the great cast, or because the movie itself was groundbreaking.  I haven't heard anything about this movie, but if you like a good, suspenseful thriller, or have a fascination with history and mystery, you will love this movie. I give it a 7. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The best film is The Last Wave, made by Peter Jackson and directed by David Lynch. It is a remake of another, similar movie, The Black Cat, which is a pretty cheesy movie. The Black Cats is pretty similar, a pretty cool movie with a plot and a good ending. It features a lot of special effects and it is very scary, although it is a movie not a scary movie, because it is not supposed to be a scary story.  The ending is very powerful, and it has an excellent effect, because the ending is one of the best endings I have ever seen, the ending could have been the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very entertaining but not boring. It has many great scenes that show how a child can become very scared by a sudden change in the environment. There is also a very powerful scene in the film where the parents are scared to death by their daughter's screams of agony and her mother is scared that her daughter may be sexually abused by a stranger. This is very scary stuff.  The children are very scared, scared and scared and very scared to be scared. I especially liked the scene in which the mother is trying to get her daughter to eat a doll's eye and the father is on the stairs looking at the baby to tell her not to eat it. This was a very scary scene.  I think this movie is very good and should be watched by kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A great idea, although the story was not exactly my favorite, I am not a big movie buff. I found the story to be interesting and interesting and thought it was very well done. This movie surprised me. The acting was great and masterfully beautiful, the beautiful cinematography beautifully great and the beautiful music great and that makes this movie great. The best part was the acting of the three main characters, the girl who played the girl and the guy who played her boyfriend. I liked the acting in this movie. I wish they had done more great acting in their other movies. I would love to see more of them. This is a movie that i would recommend to any one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason I saw this movie was because I like to see a good story, but I didn't enjoy it very much. I thought it was a great story to tell, and I thought the movie was good, it was great acting, great camera work, great beautiful cinematography. It was a brilliant scene, it is a great acting scene, beautiful cinematograpy and beautiful camera work. It is great, great acting and great cinematography, very great camera shots, beautiful music and great special effects. It makes the whole movie great, and great movie, and it is good movie, so I think that this movie will probably become a cult hit. But if you like to enjoy a good plot and nice story, then this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting and unique movie about a man's search for his own mortality. He is a sort of person that doesn't know what he wants. In fact, he has a lot of different dreams. One of his most important dreams is of his child. He has become very attached to his child's soul.    So, what does he do? He gets a job in the hospital and gets some sort of help from a spirit, that's the spirit. The doctor has helped him, and now he has to help this spirit to return to its normal state.  The end is very good, but it isn't too much to ask. In conclusion, if you enjoy this movie, you will probably enjoy a very different movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Story Of Love" is about a couple that met as children on the beach one summer, where they kissed each other and were to meet again as adults. It is the story of two people who meet on the same day and, on the next day, they will find out that they have made up their minds to be together for a long time.  I loved this movie. I was amazed that such a talented cast could pull it off. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, I think everyone should see this film! The story itself is unique, the acting great, the settings great and the camera work great, all of which make this film great. I recommend this film to anyone interested in a great tale of love, honor and corruption. The film is based on the book by Robert James Waller, but the movie is not a remake of the book. I was not able to see this movie when it came out, and was very happy with the cast and the wonderful cinematography. So, if you are interested in the story, please see this great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that the first episode of this series was very emotional and powerful. In the second one, it's more of a fantasy world, where the characters are more human beings, with more emotions, and not monsters.  This series is the best I've ever seen, so I hope they make another one, because the first one was very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating film with some good acting and good visuals. I have seen many movies about people that played a part in history. This one stands out in that it doesn't try to be history. Instead it focuses on the lives of a family in China and a little on how the Han empire influenced the lives in the family and the world in general.  The movie is not for those that think about a Han history but for those who don't. It's just a fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, I love the movie, and I love seeing the wonderful cast in action. The film is not so much about the plot, as about the actual fight sequences. The action scenes are very exciting, the special effects great, and the movie master brilliant.  This is a perfect movie, if you want to see something great, but I don't think you will find this film too great. It is good entertainment and very well-acted. I enjoyed it very much, and so did the others in the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, let me say that this was an excellent film. It is one of the masterpieces of the modern era. If I had seen it when I was fourteen I would have died of laughter, but it was a powerful piece of film. I am not going to go into detail about the story, because I am only fourteen now and want to remember what the great Edgar Allen Poe said about the film in his essay "The World of Dr. Fu Manchu" that I wish was true. He said the film is "about the most incredible and bizarre person in the world." I am very glad to have seen it again. The great actor who played the role of Dr Fu Manchul in the movie was also a very good actor. The other actors were great also, and they were all very talented in their roles.  The story of the great and powerful Dr Fu was very intriguing and I was not sure why he did it. This film was so good that it was almost a masterpiece in itself. It could have easily been better. If this film had the same plot and much more great actors and great writing, it could have been very powerful as well. I really appreciate the efforts that were made to make this film as great as it was. This is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie opens with a bang bang bang! The plot is brilliant and the movie is well directed, although a little slow to the end. The ending is a great surprise, so to speak. But this is the classic. A great storyline and fantastic performances. The direction is excellent and the beautiful music helps to make this movie one of the great masterpieces of all time. The acting is great, and the plot is great.  I recommend this movie to any movie lovers. It is one of those great masterworks that i never heard of. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-made movie. It is a good and well-acted movie with great music. The acting is superb, the special effects brilliant, the settings amazing. The music is lovely and full of great music and the movie is beautifully photographed and filmed. The beautiful girls are lovely and sexy, the beautiful boys are handsome, and the beautiful girl's beautiful and sexy.  I saw this movie for the first time and it was great. It wasn't a bad movie, but a great movie. I would love to buy it as a movie, it is so beautiful and full! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was fortunate enough to be at the presentation of this film at the 2002 Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Film Festival. It was not just an documentary about this relationship, it was about the friendships, and how we are able to become friends despite the fact that we have so little in common.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know if I've seen this wonderful film on television before. It was my first time seeing it, and I don`t think I ever laughed out loud like that.  The film was entertaining and funny, but I don´t remember having laughed out of curiosity.   The story is simple, yet touching, and the humour is great. The acting is very charming and the characters are very interesting and I can´t believe they are all such great actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a good one. The acting is great especially the beautiful Marina Vlady and the magnificent Georges Guetary. The movie is filled with adventure and suspense. The scenery is stunning.  The score is good. The songs are beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the perfect romantic drama with the right settings. I found the characters and situations to be touching and realistic. The story is great. The actors give wonderful performances.  This is a very sweet and sweet movie that I would recommend to anyone interested in love and romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie! I was not expecting a masterpiece, but I was surprised when I saw it at a small screen theatre in the town where I live. It was so charming and beautiful, it was beautiful and the movie is touching. The acting is great and the story is beautiful.  The whole audience in the theater laughed so hard and left with tears in their eyes and the whole place became so emotional. I would love to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been a fan of "My Favorite Martian" for a few years now. I have finally found the movie! The film is in black and white and was shot in a true dark cave environment. The lighting is amazing and the colors amazing and it has a very eerie atmosphere. The special effects are amazing and wonderful. The music is great, specially the music. It contains a few of my favorite Martian tunes. It also contains some of the music from "My favorite Martian" and other of my favorites.  The story itself is about two young girls who are in the process of learning to fly. One is Jessica and the other is Madeira. Madeira is an amazing character with an incredible talent. Jessica is very, very talented and Jessica will be a great asset for the movie.  This movie is also very disturbing and I would recommend it to anyone interested in dark scenes and a scary plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is based on the true story of two men, one is a doctor and the other a lawyer. I am a very big fan of true stories. I don't think I can see anyone giving this movie 10/10. brilliant and it really surprised me. great acting and great beautiful cinematography! I am not a big fan, I think it is the great acting, great cinematography and beautiful music. Great great movie and great acting. Brilliant cinematography, great music and great great great acting from everyone. Brilliant story! Brilliant cinematographic and great music. Perfect perfect movie! 9/10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first film that made me feel that I was living in a totally different world. I saw the film in the summer of 2005, at a screening of the Australian film "The Big Chill" which was a small Sydney cinema with a large crowd. The film is an amazing story about the life of two people who were caught in the middle of an anti-police siege, and their experiences have made them realize how important it is to live in the community. This film reminds us that there is a group of Australians who have experienced similar tragedies, and that the government and the media have been so quick to try and help the injured, and the community has so far been ignored. This is a documentary, not a fiction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It's an underrated and thrilling experience. An actor, playing the role of one of three primary characters, must overcome all his past problems and win the heart of the lady he has seen in his life, played by actress, Diane Keaton. Keaton's role is a great deal in comparison to Keaton in his Oscar winning performance. Keats's subtle beauty is the real star of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the Sydney Gay and Music Festival. It is one of the masterpieces of the year. I'm surprised that there is such a strong response from the people that thought it was too "politically correct". It's a tribute to the genius that is the director of Notting Hill. It's one of those masterpieces that the audience come to enjoy after they have their fill of brilliant performances and good film. The film itself is a must-see. It will take some time before the general public gets to see the amazing performances of Alison Hill (Mia) and David Tomlinson (Nick) and I hope that there are more surprises to come in the next few years. The performances are the best I've ever seen. The cinematography is great, the cinematography brilliant, and the script masterfully crafted. The music, although not one of my favourites, is catchy. The cast is fantastic. This is an inspiring film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you don't have the DVD or are really interested in watching this film, I would suggest checking out this DVD! It contains a wonderful performance by Michael Gorn, his interpretation of the book was amazing and his character in the movie was truly frightening!  I have to say that this movie is one wonderful film that you don`t really feel sorry for! I enjoyed it, and I don`s not surprised that I will, in the end, probably not be able to recommend this movie to anyone, I have been waiting for it to come out for about three years, and it was well worth waiting for. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very touching and romantic film. There are many scenes in the movie that make you want to hug and tell your own story to the girl in your life, even if you are in a serious relationship with someone. The acting is good, the direction is great and the cinematography master brilliant. It is so great that I have to recommend this movie to all the girls who want to see great romantic films. I hope that one day there will be a remake. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best romantic anime I ever saw was "My Neighbor Totoro", I remember seeing "The Secret World" when I was 10 years old. I was in love with it. I didn't want to think about it after seeing it for the first time, but I still wanted to believe in it.  "Tenchu" was an amazing show. This anime was not like "My neighbor Totoro" but "Tensei" it had some similarities. I think that this is a great show. I recommend you to watch "Tendenku" or "Tension" instead of "Tenshi no Soko Kara". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this show religiously since my very first episode back, and the numbers are slowly growing. I've never seen a comedy as funny as this one. It is hilarious, and so are the cast. I found this show to be wonderfully stupid and creative. I am amazed at how funny this show is, and I am looking forward to the next episode.  My only disappointment was that there wasn't a real laugh track. All the jokes flowed perfectly together, and in a way, I feel like I'm not really laughing. I have a feeling that the next time I watch this show, I will burst into uncontrollue laughter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a fun movie, which you probably would have to rent anyway, as it's not for kids or the general public, so you have to ask yourself, what's the point?   It is a funny, well-made, slapstick movie that is filled with good humor, great music, good slapstick, and a lot of swearing, so don't miss it.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is a very intriguing one, it's not a simple romance, and has very nice characters and great action. It's a mix of romance, drama and action.  I liked the first half of the movie, but the second half really made me jump. It has a good ending, the movie is very well done and the ending is a great conclusion to a great movie.  This is an indie film, not a Bollywood one, so please don't take my word for it. This is a real indie film that you should watch over and over again. I have rated it a 7.8/10 from the ratings on IMDb.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was the masterful movie of 2001. A simple story of a man, his dream life and his thoughts about his dreams and the events of his life. The cast of supporting actors was brilliant, especially the actor who played the role of the man's father. The story was very touching and I highly recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the first animated feature I saw as a child, and I still find it fascinating.  I can remember my first encounter with "The Great Mouse", which I don't remember fondly, but at least I was impressed by the animation.  "My Favorite Year" is a much better and more realistic piece of animation. I was more impressed by "The Adventures of Pluto Nash", which is, unfortunately, an animated nonsense.  This isn't a bad movie, nor is it intended to be. I don'nt expect to go back to the "Mystery Men" and "Dinosaur Rex" of my childhood, which were both less colorful.  But what I remember about those movies is how they were more often dark, or just plain boring.  My expectations were higher than the Disney animated movies of my youth. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main theme of this movie was "The great, great, old, silent comedy of German expressionists." A classic, but well-played movie that has been released to DVD, which is in some ways a shame, but I have to say it was one masterfully created and beautifully photographed comedy about the first female comedy of the 20th century. The story and the characters are as old as one can be, the camera is beautifully steady, and the performances are superb. The cinematography is beautiful, but the sound is great and the voice of the main character is also perfect, it has a very special accent and a very funny sense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an independent film, and not directed by the studio system. It has strong dialog and excellent camera shots. The best part of the movie is the music.  The acting is good and the story beautiful. I found myself drawn into the story of the two main characters and their struggles. This is not a film to be missed by anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been into indie films, but this is one of my favorites. It's an indie film that's so diverse and beautiful, that I was pleasantly surprised with it, when I went to see it at first screening, and that is what made it great. The story is so beautiful and powerful, that it becomes hard to tell what's happening. I've seen it in 3 films now, and it still surprises me.  This is not like "The Big Red", "The Shop Around the Corner" or "The Wooden Horse", where the movie has an artistic and beautiful story. The movie is simply wonderful. It is pure beauty. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film ever made for the BBC.  This has all the drama of "Gandhi" with a dash of satire and a dash that suggests "Maniac" was a comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was my first exposure to the film in over 25 years, and the result was not as earth-shattering as I hoped. The plot is simple, the dialog masterfully crafted, and you get the sense that the actors are fully aware of what they are doing, and that this is a magnificent film to show your friends and colleagues.  It's interesting to see how the plot evolved, and how the film relates to the original story of the Odyssey.  My rating: 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out well, but the great part of it comes later on, with fantastic acting, great visuals, beautiful cinematography, great settings, brilliant settings, fantastic great beautiful settings, great masterful direction and brilliant beautiful settings. All of these come together beautifully in this magnificent movie. I really love it, it's an amazing movie that should not be missed.  The music is beautiful and full of emotion, full of passion, and full-blown. A stunning soundtrack. Beautiful settings. Excellent cinematography. Fantastic settings and brilliant settings. Brilliant cinematography and fantastic settings. Inspiring performances from the three main actors. I would like to thank everyone involved in making this masterpiece. I'm surprised that the movie has been put on DVD. Thank you very much!  10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very emotional and uplifting movie that explores life, not just sports. There are lots of great moments that have to be seen and it is quite believable.  I am a student of drama and am always looking for something new and interesting to see.  The script is very good, it has many emotions and it also has many beautiful beautiful scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was one of my favorite, and i loved it, i had always wanted to see the movie and it wasn't even that exciting.  So it came as a surprise. i had seen the movie a lot when i was little and i always thought it was something cool, but as soon as it started i was amazed. the story is brilliant and you don't have to be a kid to understand. the best scenes are the ones where the actors are really good, you don;t care, but you don;"t care. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The acting masterfully captures the essence of both men and women in this film, yet the movie is about both men's problems and about women's problems. The main character is a man's problem with his life, and his struggles and the struggles of his wife and his children. The movie shows a man at his weakest and his positive side as well.   If you are tired of watching this film after the first half, then I recommend you to rest. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when I was about 5 and I remember it was so beautiful and I thought it was very strange, and then I saw it again in the summer of 2001, and I really believed it was a true story.  This is a very emotional and beautiful story of an old man (Denzel Washington) and his family who are both lost in the woods of Florida when the big wave of 1994 comes and the family car is swept away by the waves, and he takes his family with him on his journey to the place where his wife (Dillon) has gone to look at the animals, where he has become obsessed with nature, and the people that he has killed in his time, and finally find that place where he will find the place to return home. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is a great romantic comedy! The film has a plot, the characters are believable and the ending is perfect. If you liked "The Lonely Lady", you will like "The Loved". I am surprised that this film was not nominated for an Oscar.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't have to say a few words about this movie to describe how great it is, it is an excellent film, I enjoyed it, but i could not tell you how great this movie is. i thought it was great, the acting was great and the great story brilliant. i think it is very well directed, the cinematography brilliant and beautiful. great movie, i recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am not a fan of "The Adventures of Pluto Nash" but I am intrigued to see how the "Pythones" of the story are connected. In my mind, they are all one with each other, even the "Nash" in "The Ape Man" is the same as "Polly," only that the "Ape Man," in the story, is more a role. It was interesting to see the connection. I guess that is the reason I gave this movie a 7 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great film! It was beautifully filmed, and is a very emotional and disturbing film. It was so real and honest and i loved it and i recommend this movie to anyone. If you like to see a good story, then you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Wuthering Heights" is a very interesting film. It features a very intriguing story, and I am not particularly impressed by the acting. The story is not like other films of this genre, so it is very different.  I have to admit that there is a lot of the usual stuff. The film is very well filmed, the characters are strong, the directing is masterful and beautifully photographed. The cinematography master works very well, and the score is good. I can see why there was so much criticism, because it is not for everyone.  It is not an Oscar winner, but I can recommend this film to anyone who is interested in the same topic, because they will enjoy the movie more.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best and biggest anime I've ever seen in my life. The animated versions of the classic American adventure are just as good as the original American version, and in my opinion are better. I really enjoyed the way the characters were developed, the dialogs and how the story evolved, the visuals and the animation, which I don't think was possible to achieve in the American version. The animation was superb and the soundtracks and the songs fit perfectly together, the story flowed and the jokes flowed, and I found the whole episode a lot more enjoyable than the American one. The ending of this anime is one of the best ever, it's very surprising and it's totally unexpected. I wish they had given this anime an English release. I'd love to recommend this version to anyone, especially my kids. It's one of my most favorite. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not very much of a movie buff, but I am a movie critic. I like all the actors and the movie, but i really liked the concept of a young boy's journey of discovery and transformation. I thought the movie was moving and creative and i think the movie could have used some great cinematography. It is definitely not a typical "monster movie", it is more like a movie about people discovering their own dreams and not monsters.  This movie is also very good, but that is okay, i liked the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film with my ten year old twin daughters and they loved it as much as we did, and we laughed and cried. The movie is about the life of a group of animals and how they get along in the wild. This is a pretty good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the last half of the 20th century, Hollywood used to make films for a change. They were serious, serious, beautiful films, but this one, "Kabira" is pure Hollywood. It's an excellent story, and the special effects are amazing. The story is very real, and it is a very emotional story. It was very surprising and moving. I think that the director, Masayuki Suo, made the movie with his eyes closed. It is not just a movie for people to watch, but it is not a movie that is just watched. It also has very beautiful special effects. It has a very powerful plot and a very interesting story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a woman who becomes possessed by an evil force in her dreams is told to a friend's daughter. The movie then becomes a real nightmare as the nightmare begins to take over her life. It is then that the true story begins.  The movie is very well made, and although I like the movie, I do not expect to be a blockbuster hit.   I am going to watch this again and again, and hopefully I will have nightmares.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title of the movie is "The Fall of the House of Usher" by Richard Gere. Gere plays an old man who marries a rich woman and they later have to face the consequences of their actions. When he finds out what she has done, he is shocked.  This movie is an excellent love story. I saw it when I was fourteen years old, and it still haunts me. I can watch it over and over again without getting bored. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never been a big fan of Jack Frost and was very excited to finally see this movie and was not at all disappointed. I was able to watch this movie in full, and it was amazing. It was well made and the movie really took my breath away and made me feel for these guys and made them realize what life could have been like if things had been different. I don't know why people hate this movie, it's because they don't think that it's real, or at least not that well-made. The best thing I can say about this movie is that it was the perfect movie, perfect story, great acting, great direction and great beautiful cinematography. I recommend this movie to anyone who's ready to see something different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the series, I think this is the most entertaining, yet at the same time I hate every episode.  I think it's a good thing the last episode of the series was the best. It's a lot like the last series, and not as good as the next one, but I like them all!  The plot is a lot different than the first one. The story is similar, and the jokes are good.  This episode was the perfect ending of the story, which means I'm glad it wasn't just a one-joke show.   The next episode is so funny and has some great jokes that are just not too weak! It's not a movie, and I think the best part of the show is that it is not a series of shows like "the one with the twins" or "the ones they made".  I'm not really going to write a spoiler, but it's just a great episode!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is set during a small mining town in the American West. The mine shafts are still active. The town is populated by the townspeople who have lived their entire lives underground. In one of these mines, a group of townspeakers hear a rumor of a deep shaft. They decide to investigate. They discover a small tunnel and soon find a cavern underneath the mine shaft. When they enter the cavern, they discover a great treasure. When the treasure hunters arrive, the treasure is guarded by a great hero named Black Sam. Sam steals the gold and uses it to aid in the attack of the town.  Black Sam's story is very interesting, and the treasure found in the mine is very powerful. The treasure is not just gold, it is a great piece of art. This film was released during the 50's, which means that it is old, but that is the only reason to watch it. I have seen it on tape for a couple of years, and still it is the most powerful piece of film in the world. I recommend checking it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed film in its own right. The story is solid, the action is spectacular, and it does take some time before the various characters are fully fleshed out and their motivations completely come into focus. The final fight sequence is particularly exciting and the action scenes are great. The acting is fine, but I love the direction and the camera shots. The soundtrack is good and the score by Ennio Morricone is a haunting one. I also love the special effects for the dragon, the dragon's scales, and the various monsters.  This film is certainly not for the mass audience. I'd suggest it only to those who want to experience something different.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very short, sweet and uplifting film with strong performances and good directing. The story of the story is about a young girl (Kay) who visits a strange island in the Pacific Northwest of the 19th century. She sees her sister (Kirshner) and falls in love for the second time. The two must find the island and together they must make their way to the island's ruins. This movie is about the journey of these two women, who must survive against all odds in a hostile environment. There is much danger and these two must be prepared to die for each other.  This movie doesn't have to be watched in order to be understood. It's a nice touch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the first episode. The whole series is great. The acting is great and great character portrayal.The special effects are great.The music is great especially the first part.And best of all the series is awesome.I have seen the last episodes in the series and I still love the characters. I don't recommend the series anymore, it has become boring and you can still enjoy the first and last episodes, which is the reason why I still watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A simple, beautiful film, it's a true story of a man's journey from a small African village to become a hunter, and his interaction with nature and the animals is, as usual, totally wild.  This movie, as a film, is very intense, and it's the sort that we don't want to hear about.  If you are expecting something that is not violent, violent and sad, then you will probably be let down.  In this movie, we have people hunting for animals, and we are treated to some beautiful images of nature. It's an absolute brilliant film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film was beautifully done, and although I am not a big Ramones fan, I do think the 'Man In The Mirror' is one of their better efforts. I had been waiting for a long time for this film, and was not disappointed, as it was enjoyable, but also quite predictable and at times a bit too much. I thought the plot was clever, as if it had come from a different person, and I also enjoyed seeing the'man in the mirror' try to kill the 'good guy'. It was very enjoyable to watch, and it reminded me of 'Stay'.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great film! I've seen the movie for the first time on TV in a long time and I don't know why it bothered me. I thought it was very funny and quite strange. The whole thing reminded me of "Patton" and "The American President" except that those are films about people who are either mentally handicapped or simply don't get enough sleep.  I can't really remember a movie with Richard M. Dreyfus in it since I stopped counting from 7. I was so impressed by his performance that I had to stop laughing. It was a real treat to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film adaptation of Shakespeare's Macbeth is a modern update of the play, a modern interpretation with modern technology. The script has been completely updated with the latest technology, the latest computer graphics, and the latest in editing and editing.  The director, Michael Winner, has used a lot of contemporary technology to enhance the visual effects of the film, and he succeeded beautifully.  I have seen this film in over two hundred movies, and I can't believe how wonderful the MacbETH look in comparison to the "Macbeth" look now.   It's a pity this movie isn't more popular than it is, because it is not in the same category as "The Lion Man" or "Hamlet", but it is certainly not a bad movie either.  It will be interesting to see how this movie will look like in the next years, and it will be a very interesting film to watch and to see if the original play will stay faithful to the original text. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting in this film is great, especially the scene where the young girl tries to get some help from her grandmother and older sister, and the grandmother tells her story about her life and how she made it big in the world. Her life was not easy, and she had great dreams. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been a huge Burt Reynolds fan since his early days in "The Big Red" in the 1950s. The man has an uncanny ability to capture the essence of the time and present. He's no great historian, nor is he one of the great historians of the world. He is a master of the modern day.  The story is a real-life thriller. There are some great moments of truth and some great scenes of modern life. The story of the pursuit of a man in a modern-day jail is realistic and down to heart, while the characters are somewhat caricatures of people who are caught in modern-life predicaments.  Burt is a modern, down-to-heart person, with an inability to make decisions. His character is completely believable, and I have to commend the fine performances of all the actors. He has such great sense of humor that I can't help but feel sorry for him.  I love this movie and hope that it will one day find distribution. I am sad to see such a great actor as Gary Busey in a movie of this stature. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As far as I'm concerned, this is one of the great romantic anime that never actually had a story to tell. It's great romantic comedy with some serious philosophical themes. I'm not a fan of romantic anime and this was a pleasant, romantic, romantic anime. It can be a sad anime with some really dark themes. It could be a cheesy romantic anime with a plot that has great depth and meaning. However, if you take the story and just master the art and then find yourself getting drawn into the story, you will enjoy it. I think the characters are a great mix of different personalities with different tastes and backgrounds. I especially enjoyed the idea of a love between the characters that would make them so happy. It reminded me of a lot of My Neighbor Totoro. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the great movie of my life, the movie I never thought of, and I would love to know why it isn't in the top 250, and why do you watch the movie, but then again, it is not that special!  The scene in the hospital where they find the doll was great, and the ending was great. I would have loved to see how they found it and played it again. I have to thank the wonderful team of Alison and Jack for making a great movie. I wish I could thank them in person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie made in 1948 for the Academy Award in 1948. It is a true story of a woman who is plagued by an incurable disease and becomes a recluse, so she goes in search of a cure.  When she comes to the island of the Cyclope, she finds a friendly village. There, she meets with Dr. Fonda (John McIntire).  Dr.Fonda explains that the Cyclopes are living underground. They feed on the blood of their victims. When Dr.Tremors enters the village, Dr.Raim (John Carradine) informs her that the villagers have been wiped out by a massive earthquake. The woman asks Dr.Dawson (Walter Brennan) for help in finding her missing brother.  This movie has one of the all time great performances by both John Carradines and Walter Brennan. They are truly amazing. In addition to these great performances, it also has one extremely disturbing scene in which a man (Waler Brennan) removes a child from the mouth of a young girl and throws her down a chimney. This was done in 1948 to show the great tragedy of the cyclopes in the village. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a short but poignant movie that explores the relationship between a married woman and her daughter who are going through some hard times, and the mother, who is a grandmother, has an affair and then is plagued with guilt.  I don't know how they do it, but they masterfully portray what life would look like if such a thing happened. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very funny and very disturbing, the story is very well developed, and the ending shocking, this movie is the perfect movie for a horror movie. The movie has good special effects, and scares very good, but the best movie of the year, that I have seen.  10/10 Highly recommended! 10/8 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not like the typical, clichéd, B-movie of the recent years. It is something unique and interesting to watch and to me it is more of a deconstruction of the B-Movie genre. I loved it. It was unique and made me want to see more. I also loved that it was made in such a short time. It wasn't a big production like "Hobgoblins" but still a great one. The movie had great visuals, great special effects and good performances from the cast and the director. It made me think and realize that there are so many movies that don't get much time and just come out and surprise you. The first time I watched it I was laughing and I felt like I was watching something special and creative. The next time I saw it, it was almost 1 year later and I still was laughing.  This is one of those movies that you have to see to be believed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A very good and interesting film, I hope to get some comments about this film before posting any more. It is a bit slow, but the ending is a lot of great humour, but there is not a lot. I really enjoyed this film.  I would like to see this again, maybe if there was more time to see it I would give a rating.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is about a talented young actor (Eddie) who wants to break out and start his own show. It seems that everyone has seen Eddie's acting in the past and so is the success of this show. Eddie's character is very good in this movie and it will probably disappoint the viewers.   The cast for this movie is good. The story line is great, and there are many great supporting characters. Eddie also has a great role. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first hour or so of this film is mesmerizing, it is intense and the sound is great, and that's all I have to say about this brilliant film. Brilliant performance from James Woods and Claire Dainton and a fine script. Beautifully directed, brilliantly acted and beautifully photographed, this is a true story that should be told in a documentary form. The ending, which is the best in history, is shocking and sad. I have always been fascinated by this film, but after seeing the movie for the first time I was moved to tears. I am still waiting for the next update. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line of the movie, which starts with an Indian woman being killed by a group of soldiers in a very narrow area in the middle east, is very believable and so is the depiction of the soldier's side. It is a very well done movie. The cinematography and the great photography in the background add great texture to the story and the movie is truly unforgettable. The characters are believable and the performances are great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way it is filmed and edited is amazing. The cinematography master, Antonioni, brilliantly captures the mood of the story. The characters are all believable, and the direction is masterfully chosen to suit the story perfectly. A great cast of character actors with fine acting. This film, like the many others in this category, is well worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have ever seen. It was an interesting experience watching the movie with a good friend. It is the first time that I have seen an enjoyable movie. I was not disappointed. I think that people who are looking for a mindless movie like "Cannonball Run" will be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a romantic fantasy movie. It is not like a Hollywood movie. I think that it is the natural evolution of a story that makes people want to stay in love with each other and want to have kids. I do think that this movie was beautifully done and it is very romantic and romantic, as opposed to a movie that is designed to be very sentimental and to be stupid. This is what I like about movies.  This movie is not about a man being brought to a different world with different people. It focuses on the life of one woman (WOW!) that meets and falls in love to another woman (PIX) who is also brought from the earth. This movie does not try to be an artistic masterpiece. It does not look at the different views of humans.  The movie is very beautiful, and has many beautiful moments. This may be the best movie ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only negative I can give this film is the fact that it does not take itself too seriously and that instead focuses on how it was put together and how well the two actors did their parts. In fact, this movie is excellent wonderful wonderful great entertainment. Excellent movie, great cast. Wonderful film. Wonderful cast. Excellent entertainment. Wonderful movie, wonderful cast. Brilliant music. Brilliant beautiful. Wonderful great cast, brilliant great entertainment, wonderful music, brilliant magnificent special visual effect, great beautiful music, stunning special effects, stunning great special visual effects, brilliant amazing music, great music, incredible beautiful special effects. Incredible great cast for such a simple story and great special effect. Perfect movie. Wonderful perfect movie. Great cast. Perfect. Excellent film. 10/10. 10 stars. 8/10, perfect 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed by this excellent film, it's an action packed and realistic film, and it's absolutely hilarious. I was amazed when watching it that it didn't feel cheesy or rushed at all, it was brilliantly paced and very entertaining, and I found myself wondering why it didn`t feel rushed at the beginning, when all the action was so great. I can`t wait for the sequel, but I'm not disappointed, as I am very interested in it, and would like to see it again.  I don`t think it`s as cheesy as some of the other reviews here, but it is definitely not cheesy and is not pretentious. If you`ve ever got the chance to watch this, watch it, it`ll be better than the first one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The beginning of the movie is incredible. There are some great scenes in this movie and I would recommend you to watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was intriguing and I had a very nice time watching it. The story is very interesting and the music was great. I found the movie very interesting, although it has the same story, which I had heard before. It was nice, and it had a good soundtrack.  It is also very disturbing. It isn't a horror movie, but it is a disturbing movie. It has a lot of scary scenes, and I believe that there are many people that are afraid of scary movies, or disturbing movies, but this one was great and suspense filled. It is scary, and disturbing.  My rating: 4/5 stars 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I must say that this movie is really original. I found this film great in it's portrayal of the "Old West", a period of time that was filled with outlaws, indian war parties, and other assorted characters. This movie shows the ups and downs of life during that time, and the evolution of the various characters. The movie shows that there were people who did not have much in the way of political beliefs or morals. The characters are very well developed, and all of the action takes place within the context of the story.  Also, I have seen all of Charles Babbage's other works. His books are great, but he was not able to capture the essence of this movie. His movies are all great, very original, and so unique. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved the first part of this film and I was disappointed with the brilliant performance by Jackman and the incredible chemistry between the two that is so believable that I could not stop smiling after seeing this movie. The acting in this movie is great, the story is intriguing and the performances are great, especially from Jackman who is always so natural.  This is a MUST SEE!!! 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am really pleased with the very good film.  The way the story moves along is beautiful and you have to see it to believe it. The acting is great especially the magnificent cast who are excellent especially the two leading actors.  I would like to thank all the viewers for their kindness. I am so grateful for all those who have made comments about the film. I will read them and thank them all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite films was "Wizards", by Eric Valette, which was also a very good film, although I was very disappointed with this film.   I have seen many bad movies (and I don't mean horror films) in my time, but "Wizard" is unique. It is not a comedy, nor is it a romance. It's a very interesting, and I enjoyed it very much.  Overall, the movie is good, and it will certainly disappoint you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the movie and the actors do a great job in this movie. It shows how to be real and honest with each other when doing something so important. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   If you are like me and you enjoy indie films, you will love this one. If you enjoy horror films, the two sequels are a must see. If your a horror movie lover, then this is a must. It is very atmospheric, the cast is strong, and the ending masterfully captures the essence of a horror film.  This movie is a great deal different from the first two. The first two were very gory. The second one more of a romance. The ending is a little weaker and I guess could of been stronger, as it is not as good as the first movie. The atmosphere and atmosphere is what makes this movie work.  It is really hard to know if I will recommend this movie to anyone. If anyone asks, I would say, just watch the first one again. It has a good ending, which is good as well.  10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way it is filmed makes it stunning and the story is full of adventure and suspense. This is a very thrilling and suspenseful film. The only problem is that there is no music in it, so it will be a disappointment for those who enjoy good films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was wonderful but I have seen movies that are better. They are not as emotional, but still very entertaining.  This movie is not for the person that likes to see a great deal of special effects and computer generated images. It is also not for those that want to watch movies that have a good story.  I have noticed a lot of people enjoying this movie.   It is not a movie that you should watch just for the beautiful scenery. It also does not have a big plot. All the actors masterfully crafted their roles to make this movie great. I recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the second short film from the director of "Bid Time Return" which explores a young artist and his struggle to make something out of life and his place in the world. "Walking Tall" is a more bleak and realistic story of his struggle as an artist to find his place, his life, his dreams and finally his muse in the "artist's world."  The main problem is that the filmmaker masterfully conveys his message in a way that it seems very real to the viewer, and in doing so it works in tandem with the stunning cinematography. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't know why it is so popular...it just seems that people who are interested in watching an animated movie will tend to find the whole thing rather strange and alien. However, this movie isn't a perfect cartoon. It is more stylised and creative than anything else and it can sometimes be a bit boring. It has some of the best characters ever, although the animation isn't as polished as Spirited Away, it still manages to give the impression that it is a good, simple story.  The animation is great, especially when compared to the usual. I think it is because of the fantastic backgrounds and the imaginative use of colours and the simple yet colourful characters, it really makes the characters pop out of the background and become more colourful.  If you have never seen it, it isn't bad, there is lots of stuff to keep you entertained and it is definitely not a bad movie, there are some great CG scenes (such as the one where the birds look at the castle ruins), some good characters, and an overall plot.  I haven't seen this before, and I don;t want to spoil anything, I think this is a very good one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with a bang bang bang as an unknown woman blows her big, gorgeous chest. Her scene with some other sexy looking women is very sexy and erotic. A very erotic, erotic film with stunning scenery, great music and great acting. The movie has very good direction and excellent performances by all the actors. Very good acting. Very sexy and great directing. Excellent performances. great music. great acting and great music! great stunning beautiful cinematography. great beautiful beautiful stunning beautiful gorgeous! great great music great great great awesome great great fantastic great great amazing great awesome fantastic great amazing beautiful awesome beautiful beautiful and great awesome amazing great sexy sexy awesome awesome amazing amazing great amazing awesome great music awesome great amazing amazing beautiful beautiful awesome great awesome beautiful amazing amazing amazing stunning beautiful great great beautiful great fantastic gorgeous and great great sexy great beautiful awesome awesome great beautiful! beautiful great beautiful sexy beautiful great sexy amazing great great inspiring awesome great sexy beautiful beautiful beautiful amazing beautiful great awesome gorgeous beautiful awesome amazing beautiful and i loved the music beautiful, stunning and great. great and great beautiful music great awesome awesome fantastic, amazing beautiful, beautiful, great great gorgeous and amazing! great and awesome and amazing great. beautiful beautiful great! great fantastic. amazing and great fantastic music, great amazing, stunning beautiful music. fantastic and great good amazing and sexy great special scenes. great amazing. beautiful amazing great and incredible. awesome great and amazing special and incredible special. beautiful great, incredible great beautiful and sexy and amazing. great special and amazing beautiful. great! i wish i could go on and on. i love this movie as much as i love the wonderful and amazing and wonderful and gorgeous and wonderful! i love them all. i don't care for any of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the words of the title of this movie, it is the story of a young artist and her life. I think you can guess the story: A young girl goes to the beach to paint some pictures, when she discovers that she is not alone, she goes home, takes her camera and returns to her mother, the artist is taken to the art gallery and she becomes the famous painter. But that is the end of the story, the great artist is caught up in the middle of the madness of the artist's madness, and the whole movie master brilliant and beautifully. Brilliant music and beautiful cinematography. A great masterpiece of cinema. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie with great acting and great special effects and is really, really underrated.  If you are tired of hearing about this movie, you will find it rather disturbing and disturbing. It has all the classic elements of a movie. It is a creepy and dark night scene, a good soundtrack and good special effects, and the classic creepiest moments.  A good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In the words of a previous reviewer I had trouble understanding the film. But I don't see the point. It's more interesting to watch the life of the actors in their natural environment. The life is a fascinating experience.  I've seen this movie twice. The first time I had a great time. And I still do. The second time I saw it was on TV and I just sat there, enjoying it. And the best time was at the movie theater, but I was bored and restless. I felt like I had something to say to the story.  The film reminded me of the life I've lived in Florida, where I lived with my parents and friends and spent time in nature. The only person who comes across in this film that had an important life experience is Michael Jordan. And, although I like him, I don;t know what he was like.  This is the story of an experienced man and his life experiences. I enjoyed the film, which seemed to be shot in a natural environment, like a film shot in Florida. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A well-made film about the relationship of a Jewish family to the city and the existence of a middle class Jewish neighborhood is a movie that could have been made in any time. This is the story of a family of Jewish parents, a mother who is engaged to a non-Jewish groom and her two sons. In this film we learn that the mother has an Aunt Ruth (Marion Davies) who is a Jewish woman who is married to a real estate developer and his family includes a well educated doctor (Joseph Wisbar) who works at a hospital and a well paid teacher (Maurren Stapleton) who lives with his parents on his own. We learn that he lives in a Jewish neighborhood and that he loves to shop and listen to the music of Jewish people. We also learn that there is a non Jewish family living in the neighborhood who is also a Jewish parent. We see that the non-Jews have a different lifestyle and are not engaged in the same activities that the Jews are.  "I had the feeling that this film had a very good story to tell. We have a movie to remember this is not a movie about a Jewish mother who lives a life of her own and we have to remember that she is Jewish and not a non Jew. I had to remember to remember the difference.   "This is the kind of film that will have you crying, and I would certainly recommend this film to anyone. If you have the opportunity to see this film I would suggest you to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only way to describe this movie is with words such as beautiful, breathtaking, stunning, unforgettable and great, the story is gripping and powerful, the performances brilliant and believable, and it is all this together that makes this movie a must see! This movie was made for TV on the Mplex channel, and is now being shown on the big screen in many places. I'm not sure where, but this is a MUST SEE!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as the film is concerned, I must admit that I was very surprised with "Hodet Over Vannet" (1933) and "Trouble In Paradise" (1866).  The actors, especially the female character, convincingly played their roles.  However, the story itself surprised me greatly. The story and the story of the young girl's journey to become a nun is a powerful story, but it has some flaws, but I think it is more interesting than "Hodor" (the movie of the same name).  I was surprised by the appearance of the two older actors, and especially the beautiful appearance of Luzhin.   "Hods" is a very powerful story and an extremely beautiful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this movie. I loved the first one. This is very similar. It was a good story and it had good directing and great acting. This movie is much better. The music is beautiful and the cinematography beautiful. Also, the story is very good. A very good story in a simple beautiful setting. The ending is great. I don't know how to thank all the actors and the director for brilliant work. I think it was beautiful to watch. It is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this film for almost twenty years, and although it is now well over a quarter of a century older than when it was first released, I have found that it is not as bad as I had remembered, and it still not as strong as some of the earlier offerings. In the end, it is still a great film, even if you are a serious fan of film noir and have never seen anything similar to it, but not as powerful as those films of the same genre.  This is a little like The Cat and the Canary, but a much stronger story, and this film is even more stylised and far less silly.  I don't think this film could have become more stylistic or dramatic, although it did have the plot outline of being "the cat and the cactus", it is a nice story, but I can't guarantee anything.  The actors do a good job of acting, although I have seen more great actors in other noir films. The actors are also good at taking a plot that would have been very complex and moving, they give a believable performance.  If you are interested in watching some great noir movies, you should watch The Cat People (1924), The Cat with the Golden arm (1925), The Secret of NIMH (1933), The Devil Bat (1934) or the later film The Great American (1942). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am going to give this movie a 7/10. It is a wonderful romantic anime, and I am not going to tell you the story, because I am in love with the characters. So I would recommend watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie, if you want to see a good thriller. But if you like a good story, you will enjoy this movie. If you like an action movie, then watch this movie again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a perfect example of an emotional and beautiful story. It has a heart and is about the struggles of the young people, the old and the disabled. It is also about the people who have lost their jobs, their homes, their families, their health, their dreams and their lives because of the economic downturn. It's about the young at risk of losing their dreams, their careers, their opportunities. It also touches down to the older and the lost and the poor, but it's not just an indictment against them.  The way the movie is filmed and edited is so natural and beautiful, you don't even feel like you are watching it. It doesn't have any "unrealistic" camera work, but I love the cinematography aspect of it. The whole movie is well done, and I recommend this movie to anyone. It may seem "artsy" and "intellectual", but I find this movie inspirational and beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been reading all of the other comments on IMDb.com to see how this movie was compared to other movies and the result is surprising.  The best thing I can say about this movie is that I don't know if I've seen it all. All the performances are masterfully great. A great movie with great acting and great great cinematography and great beautiful music. I would recommend this movie to anyone interested in the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First things first, let's face it, I like the first 10 minutes of the film. The music is great and the film masterfully conveys what's going on in your life and environment. The story is gripping, you get absorbed into the fantasy and the movie never gets old.  The cinematography is brilliant, the acting brilliant, and the cinematography masterfully captures the essence of the story. It's a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed the story and the characters of the film but the story was not the master work. The movie is about the evolution of two people. One is the typical suburban suburban mom (Jennifer Tepos) who is looking for a new apartment with her husband (Tim Robbins) and is having trouble deciding which neighborhood she wants to live in, and the other is the mother (Jennifer Esposito) whose husband has left her for work, and she is not able to decide where she wants her next vacation. The story is simple and touching. The acting is great especially Robbins and Esposo. The film is a definite must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a very big movie buff, and this was one of my favorite scenes ever. I was able to watch this movie on TV last night, and was thrilled to find myself able to enjoy it again. It's one of those classic movies that makes you feel like you've got to do something for yourself and be happy. I had to see it, and I enjoyed it, even though I knew that I had seen it all before.  The acting was great, especially from the kids, who all did fine work, especially the two young girls who played the lead roles. It was the best acting I've ever seen from the kid actors.  It's also great, as they all did great acting. I don't know what the kids' names are, as I can't remember anything about them. It made me sad that the people who created this beautiful movie, enjoyed it so much, and made such beautiful movies.  I really don't care what people say about this movie. I just wish that I could say more.  10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really liked this film and I recommend it to anyone. I had never seen anything like it before and it was very fresh, but this movie shows that it is the most under appreciated film of all time.  If you have ever been to a roller coaster movie, this is the perfect movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie tells a very emotional story, with a very good ending, about a man who has found love, and the struggles of one man and one woman. This movie has a very beautiful ending, and a very powerful one, and that is the reason why I have to write this review.  I have seen this movie, but this is one of my favorite. I love the movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid I was fascinated with the story of the lives of the little black children in Israel. It was a very emotional time, and a time that I would remember for some time in the future.   I watched this film, and I would like to say that I have come to appreciate the story, and it is a sad story.  The acting in this film is great, and the acting in general is great. It is good that all the actors are Palestinian, but there is an element of truth in this movie, and that is the mention of one of the actors who are Israeli. The reason that this is so sad is that the person who played the role of the Palestinian is a Palestinian Arab.  It is sad that this movie is so realistic and shows how innocent children are treated in this horrible situation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The main reason I think of why I watched this is because I was impressed by the portrayal of the two main roles. The movie was beautiful and the movie is very close to the actual life story of Mary. The plot was interesting, so I thought I should watch it again. I think that if you like to watch a story about Mary's interactions with her family you will find this movie very interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First off, I want to be clear. I don't like this film, but it is a great movie to rent, if you want to see a movie that isn't a "B" movie, you want something that is a "A" movie.  The best scene in the movie is the last half hour or so. The acting is great and great masterful. It is great, and so is the great music. I loved that scene in "The Good Earth" (I don't remember it, I'm guessing it's one of those movies). I love it because I was so surprised by the brilliant acting and great music in this movie. It makes me feel like a child again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time i saw this movie was when i was fourteen years old and i was watching it on some late night TV or something. Now that i'm twenty-five years old, I'm amazed by the magnificent acting, brilliant directing, beautiful cinematography and great visual style. I love the second-half of the movie and I've seen the whole movie and still find it mesmerizing. But this is the master piece of the story that I think the movie should be based upon.    A good story with good characters and great cinematography, the great cinematographic style and the great music. And i think that the acting is great especially from the 3 main characters: Ben Affleck, Julia Stiles and Jason Sudeik. Julia Stile is beautiful and Jason Stiles is handsome and he's good in all of his parts. Julia is the coolest and Julia is a genius. The whole movie is amazing and I'm glad i didn't have to see it again, and I'll tell you why. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It's really quite good, it's very touching and it's so short, that you almost don't notice it. The ending is very touching. I found it a bit slow but it gets so great wonderful wonderful wonderful great beautiful beautiful beautiful wonderful great movie great movie beautiful beautiful great beautiful good wonderful beautiful great great beautiful great lovely lovely great great great wonderful great great fantastic great beautiful stunning wonderful wonderful beautiful beautiful lovely beautiful beautiful stunning beautiful stunning great beautiful amazing beautiful wonderful beautiful amazing beauty beautiful great wonderful amazing great amazing great great exquisite lovely great lovely great beautiful gorgeous great wonderful beautiful lovely stunning beautiful wonderful amazing brilliant great beautiful wonderful brilliant great lovely amazing beautiful great amazing beautiful beautiful amazing beautifully stunning beauty beautiful lovely lovely beautiful stunning amazing stunning beautiful beautiful gorgeous lovely lovely amazing great lovely beautiful great stunning beautiful great magnificent beautiful beautiful and beautiful beautiful incredible beauty beautiful beautiful beautifully beautiful stunning stunning beautiful lovely great stunning beauty amazing beauty gorgeous beautiful beautiful exquisite stunning beautiful gorgeous stunning beautiful amazing great beautiful beauty stunning great amazing amazing beautiful stunning beautifully beautiful beautiful beauty exquisite stunning great exquisite stunning beautifully and wonderfully stunning and great beautiful magnificent and great amazing beauty superb magnificent beautiful stunning lovely beautiful and stunning great stunning great beautifully beautiful beautifully stunning and beautifully beautiful wonderfully gorgeous stunning and beautiful stunning fantastic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this in the early '80s when my then-18-year-old cousin brought it over to the TV room and watched it. We found ourselves in awe and awed by the visual effects, especially of the story and the direction, which were amazing to me at the time. The story is simple and very believable, although there are many scenes that are too long. We could tell the story in two hours with just one look at the screen. I don't know if this is a great film, but I would definitely watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the 2002 Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Film Festival and it has become a cult favorite for many, even though I am easily entertained by films with this kind of story. This is a low budget film about an old gay man (Peter Lyman) who gets married and then has to come up with a new way of life. After the wedding, he and his wife (Jane Eyre) have to start their lives over and decide what to do with their new lives.    I would recommend this film to anyone who doesn't mind the typical Sydney Gay Mardi gras film. It doesn't have the typical Hollywood sound track, it is much more original and it doesn't look like a film made by many people. This movie is more reminiscent of a real life situation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I could I would have loved the movie it was a real master piece. The way the story develops in real time makes it real believable. The actors perfectly fit their roles and the story works beautifully. This is a real feel good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not gonna waste much time discussing the plot or how the brilliant and brilliant cinematography works, but what I wanted to point out was that I think this is a good film. I think it has an almost perfect script and brilliant visual effects. The movie also has a great score and beautiful scenery, which make the movie even more amazing. If you liked "The Last Wave", you will love "Titanic". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original version is a funny, but disappointing comedy.  After reading the previous comment, I am curious as to why this film is not more well known.  I had a really hard time watching the original, and even though I knew it was very funny, I felt that it could still be a good film if I used my imagination.  This movie blew me away. I laughed at some of the jokes, and at the fact that it did not try to be as serious as it could have been. The acting is brilliant, and the movie is funny in a way that makes it easy to relate to. I have seen many movies that try to poke at me by making me feel like they are "the same person" as me, and this one is great.  The ending is a perfect fitting end, but I would recommend this to anyone looking for a funny and well made comedy. I give it a 7 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very heart warming film with some great acting and great music. It's an interesting view on life, one of the saddest and most depressing things about the world, and a must see for all.   I can't really describe how the film is set up, as I will be spoilt in describing the plot. But this is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the TIFF film festival in November 2005. It is, unfortunately, not a true story. This movie tells a compelling story about an African American woman, her family, her life and struggles.  This film is, as it is in all of its manifestations, not true to the actual facts. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic comedy. The main two actors are good, but the story is very good.  This was an enjoyable film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the little girl who wished to be a witch and was bullied by her mother and stepfather, who tried to keep her on the path to a life of witches and to become a witch herself, is very interesting and I found it very touching and I don't think anyone would look for a movie with this theme. This movie is charming and I think that anyone could get some enjoyment from it. The acting is great, the story is good, and the movie is well done and I recommend it.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The opening sequence is of interest, the music is lovely and the main characters are charming and believable.  This is a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked the first two films but this one stands out beautifully. It is beautifully crafted with stunning cinematography and great direction. The first two have a good idea of an idea but I am happy with the final result. A great film. 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very atmospheric, romantic and romantic comedy. It is made for the viewer to relate to, but also it has a strong ending.  The first three stories, which the viewer follows are all about a couple, with their dreams of meeting, and are pretty far-fetched. But they do make sense and are actually somewhat better.    One of the best scenes in the film is when the two dreamt about their imaginary lives, and you actually feel that they are the real person they were dreamt up, rather than a fantasy.  One interesting aspect is the use of music in the soundtrack. The use of "Giant Step" is a good example of this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies. In the movie, there is only one funny scene and that is a scene where the actors are in the movie and the camera is perfect for the scene. The scenes with the actors in the car and the scene in the office are the best. There are a lot of funny scenes, but that is what this movie is great. My favorite scene is the scene where all the characters are in a café together. It was so great that I was crying and laughing, which is one sign of the movie's success. I love this movie. I will watch this movie again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title says it all. In "The Great Race", Richard Buck was in charge of a crew of black troops on their way to a peace rally in San Francisco. While the white and black troops are in the city, the black womenfolk decide to use the city as a place to show off their talents and get a good deal of money and a good time. The black women are also in town and get the best of the show, and so are the white women.  The "Great Race" is one of the masterpieces of the late black filmmaker Spike Lee. It features a stunning, ethereal, and hypnotic score, the voice of Stevie Wonder, and some of the most gorgeous cinematography I've ever seen. I won't give anything away, because this is one the master piece of work that many consider one of his best works. "The Race" doesn't fall into the trap of "race realism" that many critics are so afraid of, because Richard Buck, Spike Lee, and the crew did such great work. I'd be willing to take Richard and his crew to a virtual reality race track and watch the race as they would in real life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I'm going to say I loved the first 30 minutes of this movie. I mean, I thought it was great! I mean it was so wonderful beautiful and brilliant. The beautiful cinematography masterpieces are great. The great acting performances are beautiful. The special FX are masterworks, masterpieces masterpieces. I loved every minute of this magnificent film. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes great films. I hope they see this great masterpiece. I'm not going to comment anymore. This is a beautiful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this film because it makes you believe that this is the real world and the people have real problems, just like the movie makes you realize that this world we live in is not all of a "chicken-house" in Kansas or New York. It is a "real world" and people have problems and solutions. I believe that the director succeeded masterfully in this. I also like that the movie reminded me of the movie "The Real World" from the television show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an age where there is such a high demand for films from producers and financiers, the independent film has never been so accessible.  If you have ever wondered why we are still putting films like this onto DVD and cable, this film will shed some light on the business. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an era of mediocrity, "Tortilla Flat" is a great little show that has a great pedigree. Its unique characterizations of the two main characters are interesting and the humor is corny, if you like. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie as an English movie when it was first released in the mid-nineties. It was a very strong story of a woman (Johansson) who becomes interested in her older brother (Gunnar) and decides to ask her brother (Denemark) to look after her in his room. He agrees and she begins to have strange dreams. The story is very touching and I found the plot to be quite believable. I am not sure what the purpose of the film was. I would like to know how I could get in touch with my grandmother. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic, yet tragic movie that never panders to the audience. It is like a wonderful, touching, romantic piece of film that doesn't have to be taken at face value. The script and cinematography masterfully convey the angst, confusion, and eventual reconciliation between the lovers and the lost one.  This was a great script and masterfully crafted film. I was surprised to see that this movie is now available on DVD in the US. I am surprised that this film isn't better in its DVD release. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this as a young child and it still haunts me even today. I have since lost the feeling of unease that I experienced in the very beginning, but even when I was a child I felt a sense of dread and terror. I was frightened by the dark, the silence, the darkness, the lack of light, the trees, the mountains, the water, the earth. I felt these feelings again in the dark and silent night of the movie.  The whole film is a very scary and dark movie. The first half of the film is frightening. The characters are believable, but so are the acting. The story is compelling, the direction is beautiful, and the movie is gripping. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great story that deals with the death of a beloved Italian family that's just coming home from vacation. I'd like to thank everyone involved for inspiring this movie to life. I hope to someday have this movie in a theater near me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of all time! There is great comedy in this film, the first part is a classic! The only one that I liked was the one part of the movie where a famous actor is played by Jack Haley. I laughed a lot in that movie! He is very good in that role! There are also some good looking girls in the movie, but they do not take away the film from the excellent acting of Jack Haley! The other funny part of this movie is the movie itself! The best thing in this movie was the way the plot evolved! This is a very good movie and I would recommend this movie to anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title of this film, "The Old Way", refers to the time period when the American Revolution began.   The movie is a very interesting movie. I've watched it many times, and most of the time it seems to be better.  I just don't know why it never made more movies like this one. I love documentaries, but this is one master documentary that's masterfully crafted. It is a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is quite good and I found the movie to be quite touching and I also liked the plot as I felt that it was not very serious.  There is a good story line in the movie and the acting is quite beautiful. The movie is very good and the story line is quite emotional as it can all be understood by a child. The plot is quite well developed and the movie is quite entertaining as well. I really don't know why this movie wasn't made in the west. Maybe it is because the movie was made in America. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is a love story, as a child. It is like when a child's dreams come true. The child is very happy and then his mother is also very happy. And then the mother becomes very sad, very lonely. The movie is so great, beautiful and wonderful. I hope it will make more movies like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie isn't like most of the recent B-Movie films and it doesn't have the formulaic elements that Hollywood films have. Instead, it is unique and intriguing. The main character, the female character, is a detective and her journey to uncover the truth about the murder of a young girl is a fascinating one. The movie is paced very well and I would like to see more of the story and see more twists and turns.  The film doesn't fall flat on its face. The film keeps you guessing and makes you curious and entertained, and I like the way the main character keeps questioning the other people who are involved in the case.  This film isn't just about the main characters, but the main theme is the mystery of how these two girls are connected. I am pleased with the overall concept, which is very good, and am glad to see that there are many movies with the same theme. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie for the first time when my friend invited me. He said it was a "love story" between a father and a son. He even showed me a little clip from the film. I saw it again at home on my own. It was touching. The story was powerful. It wasn't a romantic story at all, it was about something real. It's not just a movie, it's real life. I have never seen it before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is one of the masterpieces from director Paul Verhoeven. He directed the film, which is based on the play of his former TV show, and it has a great pedigree. He has never been in a great role (his best is "Top Secret"), but he does turn in a stellar performance. He is at his very best here in the sequel.   The plot is the same, although not better. In the first film, Verhoe played a cop with a heart of gold who gets killed in the line of fire. The main characters are the cop's partner, played by the equally good Gerard Depardieu, and the girl friend played by Catherine Zeta Jones. They are both dead in the hospital where they had been taken for treatment. The plot builds on what had happened in the first movie. The pace is fast, with little to no real action, and in a good film like this one, you would expect more.  The story is simple, with the cop being shot in the police office. The scene in the movie, for example, is one where a cop is investigating the girl's cheating on the cop, who is shot and killed by the girl. Another scene is one in which a cop tries to save the girl, and gets his arm cut by a suspect. Another is one that has the cop and the suspect together and the cop is dead.  This is one you would never miss. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first collaboration between Denzel Washington and Sam Rockwell was a good thriller. The second was the comedy Sam's performance in the film. This time it was a great ensemble piece. The last time Washington did it was great and had great performances from Sam Rocklow and Ed Harris.  Washington and Rockwell were great together. Sam Rockmore was the perfect actor and the movie was funny.  This is the story of a former CIA operative who is out to track down those responsible for the terrorist attack on the United States. The movie was a must see for anyone interested in the CIA. The plot is very good, although some of the lines are a bit vague. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie on July 20, 2005 and my favorite line was when they are all talking about the good times and how the old times are so important to them.   This is the story of a man that's got a heart. He goes through his life and has many problems in his life. He is a real person.  This movie also deals with how we deal with our feelings and thoughts about life, and how we can all get along. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must-see for movie buffs and the general public. The movie's story is not a masterpiece, but it is a fascinating one.  The film is directed with great realism by veteran filmmaker Robert Redford. The story's characters are believable. They are not caricatures or caricatures, they are real people with real problems.  Redford also gives excellent performances. The actors give great performances, and the movie is well-made.  This movie has been played around the world as a movie with no expectations, and with very little fanfare. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I agree with the other posters here that this movie is not "Kung fu" or "karate", and I don't really agree. It's not that I think it's not supposed to be so. It is that it is unique, original and fun. The plot is a good deal of the movie. The characters are all very colorful, and the fights, especially when the villains are fighting with the police, are quite violent. I am impressed by the karate skills of the Police Officers (if they are indeed trained in karate) because of the costumes, the choreography, and their skill in using the special techniques of the korean culture. I do agree with another poster here that the fights are not the best part of the film, as the movie is very violent, so I don´t think that the movie could be classified as a "karime" movie.  All in all I really enjoyed this movie and I hope that I will get the chance to see it again, but if there´s any chance, please let me know! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of horror films. It starts out as a great horror flick with some great special effects and great special effect. It has a lot of good suspense and good scares. The plot is a great twist of a good thriller. Also the actors and the director brilliantly do some great performances and this is one scary movie that you don't want to miss. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It is not just a documentary about a real person, it is a movie that is based on actual facts and real people who have changed their lives.    The only reason why I think this movie is accurate is because the documentary is based in a real world and not documentary fiction. The real world, not the documentary, has many problems that we all face. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this film on a local television channel in Haddon, IL. It is beautifully filmed, and directed, and the actors are fine, although it's a film-length movie.  The story is very realistic, and I think that most people probably won't get the sense of isolation that this film presents.  A nice and simple story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason I watched this was because I am interested in seeing a movie that was made in 1948 and has been shown on TV in the USA in the 60's. I have never seen this movie in my home town in England, so I had to go and see it on TV and was very impressed by the performance of the main character of the movie. The movie was interesting, but if you want to see a good documentary of this war, you can get it at the National Film Theatre in London. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is superb, wonderfully nuanced, beautifully directed, brilliantly acted, beautifully photographed, wonderfully photographed. The story is unique, the cinematography unique and the characters interesting and not caricatures them. The score is memorable and the photography stunning. I would never dream of taking a trip to Ceylon with this magnificent cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, when I say that this movie is so great, I mean it's brilliant. I've seen the movie many times and it's still always great. I can't really remember a time when I've been so captivated by the beauty of the movie.  But now I'm not, but I just caught it and I haven't seen it again! It's still one of the masterpieces of the genre. I think you'll find it charming. It's got something for everyone, but it doesn't matter.   It's just beautiful, wonderful, romantic and stunning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm going to be blunt. I don't see why I hesitate to give a 10. This movie is brilliant. It is a great story, especially considering the limitations of the time. The cinematography, the beautiful sets and settings, and great music in general, make it easy to follow and easy to adapt to.  The acting is superb, especially the performance of the main character, Alex. He is great, but he is a talented actor, and that's all I know about him.  I really enjoyed this film, and I hope that it will make it to DVD someday. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film and there are few films that have come out in the last 25 years that can so much impact on people as this one. The only films that come close to it are "Saved by the Bell" and "Patton", but these are so close that you don't even know which one is which. In this film, there are many references to the former war, and in some cases, the references are very humorous, which you will not find in this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short, sweet and very sweet romantic comedy about love in the old-fashioned sense of the word. The film is directed by one of the masters of film-making: Paul Verhoeven, who also wrote the screenplay, but has given us the great entertainment. It's a very emotional piece of work, a little too much so, but in the end, is very romantic and sweet. The story is of two characters: an English girl and a German man, and they meet in a park. They are very happy to be together and go home to their respective families. They talk about how they will make a life together, and of course, what they will do.  The acting is top notch and includes very good performances by the girl and the German man. The script is very good, as well, the directing is very creative and inventive. A great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the film twice, and both times, I was impressed by the depth of the performances and how masterfully each character was able to interact and interact with each other. The way the story evolved and moved was masterfully crafted, and so was the acting, and I was truly surprised to see it so masterfully done. I have not laughed out loud since.  It was a wonderful film to watch, and was recommended to me by one of my classmates, and to this day, I can't believe I have never seen it. It's truly great, and it is not for everybody. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "Bobby" has all the characteristics of a great film. It has the beautiful animation of Spirited Away, but that's the only similarity I can see. The music, the great costumes, the beautiful settings, fantastic special effects, great special effects and great special music makes this a unique film.   My favourite episode is the one where the children run away from the castle and meet up with Bobby at the train station. That's the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very intense, well-crafted, but very well-acted, thriller with good acting, stunning cinematography, and good story. Very well directed and brilliantly filmed, with some great cinematography and great editing. A great cast, especially from the 4-yr-old. Worth a look, it is definitely worth a look. I recommend it to anyone who likes a story of dark and sinister fantasy. I am surprised by the movie's realism. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It is not often that you can find a film with such brilliant visual and musical acting and wonderful song choices. This is an excellent and unique film. It will entertain you from beginning to end and it will make you laugh so hard your health will improve.    A must see for anyone with an open mind. I hope this film will be released on DVD and the soundtrack will appear on the soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A very heart warming story of two families and their relationship, which is so unusual it's almost impossible to describe in words, I would have to describe it in few words.  The movie tells the story of the lives of the two families: father and son, but they also have other problems, problems which may be very difficult to understand for the two men. The movie shows how one family has a very hard time adjusting to the new normal and how this family has problems of its own.  In the end, this movie shows the unexpected consequences of an illness and the family's difficulties in coping with this illness.  I found the movie touching and uplifting, but also sad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film about 10 years ago on the BIFFF festival in Berlin. It was the first time I saw how realistic the characters were and how they dealt with their problems. It also made me realize how sad the people were. It is a pity that so much of the film was shot in a dark forest where there was hardly any light at all.   The film is a sad story about how a small number of children were able to overcome a serious situation and become good friends and even share an apartment together in the middle of the night. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a surprise. I saw this when I was a kid and I had to ask my parents to take me back. I have been wanting to see it for ages and have finally found it. It is so funny. It made me laugh so hard my health improved and I became a happy camper. I had forgotten how much I miss it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been reading the book and watched the movie several times and I think I can finally appreciate why it was so hard to get the story straight. I have not seen the movie since and I have to admit it was not as easy as I expected, but it was worth it. It has a great script and good directing. I really hope they can get this movie released. This movie is an awesome film and I am looking forward to seeing it again. I'm glad I did see it because I am a huge Jane Austen fan, but I really enjoyed it and am hoping for a sequel. The film is a true Jane Austentan story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a great documentary of the life of a former professional ballet star and is full of fascinating interviews with the likes of Georges Guetary, Georges Remy and Georges Rousselot.  The DVD has a 2.6 rating of 98% which is very high for such a simple film, but it doesn't take away from the film, as it is still a very good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic comedy about the relationship of a high school senior and a high-school senior, and their struggles over the years. It is a real sad movie, with realistic characters, and a good plot.  The story itself is really quite complex, but at the same time I don't think that it is a typical "so bad it's good" film. It's not like those "I wish my mom was back in high school" movies, where every movie is a happy surprise. This movie has a very emotional power.  I dont think I could call this movie a masterpiece, because there are some flaws.   The actors are good. I think it was a very good performance by the actors, and very emotional as well.  Overall I think that this is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only way this movie was better than "The Mother" was in the original. And that was because the Mother is so beautiful that she becomes almost impossible to take your eyes off her and becomes one of the masterpieces. The story is also quite touching, and the ending was perfect.  This is one of my favorite Mother films. But if you are not too serious, and do not take yourself too seriously, you will enjoy this movie. I give this 10/10 beautiful masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who loves the story of Little Britain, I was looking for a story that could give me some insight into how the show was set up and why the characters were such great actors. The show is very similar to the show. The characters are not as stereotypical as it has been.  The acting is great and the cast is great, with a great line up of some great British actors, great British people and a great script. This show is definitely not a sitcom, and i am not sure how it could be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this as a teenager when I was about 12. I still remember my fascination with the title and the story behind it, and it still haunts me today. It's a pretty good film if you look at it from a realistic standpoint, but if you are too easily distracted by its visual effects or want to look at the story in the main, you'll find the movie a little boring.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a big movie buff like other movie lovers, but I enjoyed this movie, but after watching the movie I was surprised at just how wonderful it was. Very beautiful film. I would recommend it to anyone looking to escape to the big city or the country for a change, even if you do not have much time on your hands. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those great films you never heard of. I don't know of any movies about the same genre. The director is the brilliant Michael Keusch. He's been nominated for an Oscar in the same category as his best work, which I find is not hard to find. Keuschen's masterpiece, which he directed with his wife, made it all the way to the Oscar. The cinematography is masterfully crafted with stunning photography and eye popping music. The film has some fantastic special effects and the performances of the actors are great. It's a great film that I hope everyone sees. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first half of the movie, you have a wonderful setting and mood and feel that the audience are going to be taken away. We go back to the very beginning and the characters are fully developed and believable. I found this a real intriguing and intriguing character study.  In fact, I was so fascinated and intrigued by the first few scenes that I wanted to stop the movie and go on to discover more about this film. So I went on to see it all, and I was amazed. It was stunning and I loved the scenes where the characters were just completely and totally believable.  The ending was so beautifully beautiful, and that's the best I can say about the whole movie. A beautiful end to a great story. I'm really glad that this was a true story, and not fiction. It's all very exciting and wonderful. I also enjoyed the ending, and the fact that the story isn't one of those "flashbacks" of past events. It wasn't a "flash back" but a real real powerful ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this film but would love to know how did it come to be that this masterfully crafted masterpiece was able to capture the heart of the movie. It's a good film that should appeal to the general public.  If you are interested in seeing a movie that focuses on the human experience, this is definitely not it. It has a good story and a good script. The director made a brilliant move to include some of my favorite quotes from this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good romantic anime, but it isn't that romantic in the typical "romance" sense. It is more romantic in a sense that it is not typical anime, it is very real and down to heart. It reminds me of one of the "romantic" anime series from Nintendo 64. In that case, you will find it strange and inexplicable.  It was like that the first time I saw it and I didn't even know it was a "romancery". But I really love it.  If you want to watch this anime, go watch "Star Ocean: My Life to Live" and enjoy the story and characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film, not as violent as the first two films, it focuses on the lives of the people who were evacuated out of their homes in the early days of the war, in a little over one square mile area in the village of Alsbaan. The story is a bit like "The Old Man" - people trying to escape from the Nazis, in that respect. I really like this film, as it was not a bad one.    I love this film a lot, especially the scene in the hospital. It is sad, with a good sense of humour, and the actors are good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the great adventure of two teenagers.  One is a boy named Nick. His mother dies and Nick tries to make a place for her in heaven.  Another is his sister's daughter, Zoe. Her mother dies. They go to see her and ask her what happened to her.  Zoe tells them a story.  When Nick tells Zoe the story, she tells him how she prayed and asked God for help and guidance.  The great scene is at the beginning of the film where Nick tells his story to God.   When the angel tells Zoe that Nick will come back for her, she begins crying.  A very powerful and touching story. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this film and I hope that others do as well. If you like a good, twisted, dark story, this is a good film.   If you don't like a great story, dark and twisted... and a well directed film. The story is very intriguing. It is something that could take place in a very short time. So it will probably be watched a lot. It has a good cast. It also has a great plot.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original series was a brilliant little show! It was one of the greatest cartoons of all time! I wish Disney and The Disney Channel would release the original series! I'm looking for it right now. Thanks a million Disney, and the whole "Disney at new low" team! I'll be waiting.  8/5/07. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised, but still amazed and enjoyed the very first movie. It is an excellent example of the kind of movie that is made by the director, not the writer. The film is very entertaining and the pace is fast-paced. I was not really surprised by the story, which is something that the director should consider for the next movie he makes.  Overall, great film, and the fact that I have to write 10 lines to give it 10/10, makes it a must-see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great film and a great story. The direction is stunning,it shows the real life struggle of one family that is currently facing a dire situation.It shows the family members that have lost their homes,their car,their businesses,and their life to pay off the debts.This is a heartbreaking movie with a lot of great acting,great cinematography.The movie has a very good ending.I give this movie a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It was one of my all time favorites and I still love it today.  The movie is very suspenseful and has an ending which I found very disturbing. The movie had a lot of disturbing scenes, but not enough to make me want to kill myself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie, as it showed how we as a movie viewer can take in the time to absorb and appreciate a story. I think it showed that people can not only watch movies as films, as they have a life outside of them. This movie showed the life of the movie industry, the people that watch them, and the people who they are as well. The people that I know have a passion for movies, and I do not, but I like to watch people work and try to learn from them. I found myself enjoying this movie as I watched the first 15 minutes, and this movie is a good example of that.  This movie has some of the best dialog I have ever heard in a movie, but this is not the best movie I have seen. I recommend this movie to anyone interested in a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me be honest. I saw this film at age 6 when it was in the theater. I can remember being very impressed. My parents took me to the back of the cinema to watch it with my sister and my two friends. We were in the cinema and we were all crying and screaming, just in awe and awe of this wonderful movie. My favourite scene is at the beginning, when the beautiful girls of the village are singing and dancing in front of the beautiful and amazing trees. It was so beautiful and moving, I would love to remember it by now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of the masterpieces of British television. It has all the classic qualities of a British soap opera. The characters are vivid, especially the young constable Tim Trelkovsky, who played the role of "The General" on the show, was very popular and was not the least bit demeaning. The acting is masterfully done, especially from the lovely Catherine Zeta Jones, the youngest member of the Zeta family, who was popular and not popular at all. The best supporting cast are very good, especially Tim Roth as the son of "General" (and I may add "General Trelkovich") and John Pickard as his father. Excellent television. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an excellent and interesting thriller that is very similar to "Tango & Cash", except that instead of an American setting it in Asia the movie focuses on the lives of two guys. The movie is made up of three stories. Each of these stories is about a different character, and each has their own motivations. The actors have great acting skills.  The first story is about the main character, played by the famous Asian actor, who is forced to live in a dingy, slum area of Asia with the help of the local authorities.  His brother, played as the local police officer, is also forced to watch out for this guy.   The second story deals with the "girl" in the slum who is raped by the main characters.  And finally, the third story deals the "tango-tango" relationship between the main actor and his girlfriend, played also by the Asian actress, and the local officials.  If you liked "Troll 2" or "Tenchu", you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to say that this is the great movie of 2001. The acting brilliantly captures the mood of a depressed American middle class. The story is based on actual facts about depression, alcoholism, drug addiction, and mental illness, and it has a shocking ending.   The movie is a must see, but it is hard to rate it as a movie because it is not an emotional roller coaster. The movie centers around a middle class alcoholic who is caught up in the epidemic, and the way he tries to cope with his illness. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when it first came out, I was 18 and I was really looking for a "serious" film. I don't really know how I ever walked away masterfully smiling after that great film.  I loved the first part a lot, but I still love it, and I'm not too big a fan of Ben Affleck's acting, so I'm surprised that he accepted the role. I can't wait to see the movie again, I'm always very impressed with a movie, and this is definitely not one of his masterpieces.   The movie is an absolutely wonderful film. It shows the story of a couple that are so interested in this area, that they don't even have any kids, or any friends, or even that much time to enjoy. They are just trying to find something that will make them happy. This movie is great for the kids, but it also makes me want to like Affleck again. This is a movie I definitely wouldn't want to recommend to my kids, and hopefully they will like it as much as I did.  8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is unlike anything else in Hollywood, the truth and honesty is a beautiful thing to see. This movie has a real hard edge and I love the idea of it, the characters are believable and it is a very honest portrayal of how movies are made. The movie is very believable in every aspect. If you see this movie, don't expect to laugh and then feel happy. You'll find yourself laughing out loud just to reassure yourself that it is all real.   8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the first 30 minutes of the movie, but after that beautiful opening scene, I became transflected in my admiration for this brilliant film. The acting was masterful, the beautiful cinematography masterly beautiful and the brilliant musical score by Jean-Luc Nancy was stunningly beautiful. I loved this movie! It is a movie that you can watch whenever, anywhere! I have no idea why this movie was so popular. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The two stars in this film are very appealing.  The first is the great Gerard Phillipe. He gives a great performance as the head of a company called International Paper Flowers.  This movie is in some ways similar to The Color Purple. But it's not the same kind of movie.  There are a few scenes where you can clearly see the similarities between the two movies, but they are in different genres.  Overall, I highly recommend this movie to anyone interested in a great movie. If you are looking for something similar, you should see The Color Pink. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an amateur historian of World War II, I would have to say that "D-Day" is the greatest day of all the world.  "D" refers to the date of the invasion of the German cities by American troops on May 30, 1945.  As a matter of fact, "D Day" was the date on which the United States and Britain declared war on Germany. The two allied armies were in a battle in the village of Hoechstät, in the woods of East Prussia.  This movie is based on the actual events of that day, May 30.  The acting is masterfully done and the special effects are amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this film a lot, but I found it beautifully paced and well directed. It had great moments, but the film was always great, and the story itself was interesting and thought provoking. The pace was fast, and there were few long pauses in the movie. It was beautiful. The actors did great performances and the whole film was great, but it was so creative and thought-provoking. It isn't easy to make a film that is both entertaining and thought engaging, and this film definitely fits that bill. It has a very good story, that was true of the film, and you don't have to be a film student to enjoy it.  The film is not about the "drama" of the plot, but about the story and the characters. The "dramatic" aspect of the story is what the film is all about. It is interesting, it is a complex, and it is not simply "told" by the actors. It's interesting, and sometimes I even find myself guessing the "real" story, because I don't know anything about it. It could be the greatest masterpiece of all time, and that's saying a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, my name is Gage, and I just finished watching this fantastic movie, and the movie was fantastic beautiful! I loved it, and so did everyone else. The only other person in the movie left in the end was so beautiful.   Now, to the movie. It was beautifully done, beautiful music, great acting, great special effects, and beautiful locations, but I enjoyed it for what it was, and it will remain one of my favorite movies ever.  If you liked the movie, I would say it was a classic, and anyone that watches this movie will be a classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love the first half of this movie, but the last half is a real surprise! The way it handles the first scenes, is great, and also it's very touching and touching in the last scene. It also has a lot of great suspense and suspense! The ending is a great surprise! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an awesome movie about a cat who gets caught in the act of stealing a very special case of coffee from a local businessman's desk, and he is sentenced to death. When he returns from prison to the scene of his arrest, he is surprised to find that he has not been given the death sentence he rightly deserved, and finds he has been granted life with the same conditions as the other cat.   I don't want to give anything away, but if you like the movie, I would recommend this.  I was a huge fan of the movie when I first saw it, and still am, and I can't wait to see what it has to say! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story, while not terribly romantic, is of a very old fashioned touch and feel to a story that has been played before. The story itself is a very interesting one, that tells of a man whose life is going downhill due to circumstances.  One of the reasons for this story is because of the very strong cast, which includes a fine performance from the late George Banks and a superb performance from Alan Hale. The actors all do very good jobs, the camera follows their work closely and you can even spot some of the old film clips from the film and they are all still there.  The cinematography is very strong and well used, it works very well even when the story is not that interesting. The lighting is beautiful and it is very well handled, also, the sound track is very good, which was one of the main reasons why the film was never released.  If you like the story, this is a good film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good comedy when I watch it. I love it when I'm drunk. It's a true statement. I have always been a huge Jack Lemmon fan since I grew up in the 1930's. I think his films are always funnier than when sober.  In my opinion, the funniest film I have ever seen. The only reason I was drunk when I saw this movie was because I was depressed at the time. This movie isn't for anyone who is sober. It is a great example of what not to do.  The great Jack Lemmons was truly funny as the lonely drunk. He didn't have to be drunk to be great. He was a wonderful person with a heart.  I am so glad I have been able to watch this film because this is the movie that I wanted to see.   10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hundstage" is a wonderful film! The main idea is to use the old black and white colour images from "The Adventures of Pluto Nash" to recreate the lost scenes from the original cartoon.  This is an interesting take on a classic story. The animation is fun and so are the characters and the story. This is probably the best of all the animated films "Hindsight" and "Hobgoblins" in my opinion. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is hilarious. It has a great script and is a very good movie overall.  I loved the first movie, and am glad that I do not know how this one turned out to be a great movie. I am not sure how, but I like it now.  My favorite scenes are the ones when guests are on the private yacht and you can tell that it is not a yacht. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the first two, and this is my final review, as there are many things that could be wrong with this film, and I will say to hell that the great film is not for kids. If you like the great works of Peter Bogdanovich, you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful romantic comedy that will make you laugh, even if you're a couple of dorks.  It's the kind of movie that makes you feel as if you are actually there with the characters.  The acting is first-class.  Some parts will make your stomach hurt with hunger.  If you have a heart, you'll be filled with happiness.  My rating: 7/5 (Perfectly Perfect) 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has been on my wishlist for over 10 years, and I'm glad I picked this one. I've always liked it, and was amazed by the casting. The acting is great, the story beautiful, the film very close to the actual events of the "Second World War", which is still not that far away. I just love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was fun and a good time, but the movie was still not a masterpiece. It was fun, but still not an epic.  The only reason this movie is so funny is because it did not try to be a masterpiece, but a funny, and a fun movie.  I liked the way the main character played. The way the characters interact and think. I loved the way they played and the way their lives were connected. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is the first movie I have seen that does not bore you to tears, nor does it try to be sophisticated. In the words of the filmmaker, "Life" is simple and full of surprises, so much so that I was taken in by the very simplicity of it all. It was the first time I was able to see what life can be like after a stressful life, and I saw that life was full of love and surprises. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was just as good as the "Shall We Dansu?" (the movie where they discuss how their lives and dreams are intertwined) and I don't know if it was better in Japanese or in English. This is an impressive and moving movie. It doesn't take long before you are completely immersed in the dream and you can't help but to feel sorry for the person you have made a pact with. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I would like to say that this film is an enjoyable watch. There are a lot of laughs in this film, but the funny one that I thought was the most memorable was at the beginning when the camera was on the house. You could not hear the laughter coming from the inside the house, it was beautiful. The scenes with the bus and the beach were very funny. The bus scene was also very funny, the beach scene was very short and enjoyable and the bus scene in the beginning was also funny. Overall, this movie is great. I would recommend this film to anyone who wants to see great humor. It is a nice watch and I hope it gets released on video some time soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, it's not a comedy, it is a dramatic drama! But it's the story of a talented young woman who comes across as an amazing and talented artist, and who embarks on a journey of discovery to realize her full potential and realise her full creative potential. This film explores the life of a young woman artist, as she attempts to find herself, as her career is not what she expected. This journey begins with her having a life crisis, and ends with a breakthrough that may not only be seen as a film by the viewer, as it can be seen by an audience of anyone with an open mind and a heart.  The film is told with an engagingly frank and honest narration by the director, and includes a number of stunning close-up and close-ups of the artist in her creative process. The director is keen to explore the artistic possibilities of this young woman, and it's nice to see the creative process of someone with a talented eye for detail and sense of proportion. The cinematography is well developed, and the beautiful colours and shapes are used to great effect, although the film has a very limited budget. The use of natural settings for the scenes, and use of the art-house scenes is used for maximum effect, but the film itself works for the whole visual richness, although I found the use of this technique somewhat distracting from the story and its overall theme. The story is beautifully paced and the music is very moving and effective.  As for the characters, the lead actress is a stunning Emily Warfield, who is used in various ways, as well as in this film, to represent the artist's journey to realise her own creative potential, while the other characters, especially the main characters, are used in such a sympathetic and sympathetic manner.  It is nice to watch a film made by Emily Warstone, but if you have any feelings for her or any of the other cast members, it should be kept away from this film. The script is strong, the direction works perfectly, the editing masterfully created, the score is memorable, the cinematography and the score work work wonderfully, and I believe the film is in some way reminiscent of "The Young Girls of Rochefort". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a very good plot, and is very good acting by the actors. I would say it is a classic story. The movie is not about a single person, it is about the story of the life of two families in China.  The story is very touching, and I like the movie because I think it is very realistic. The family is so normal, and has so many emotions. The mother is very old, and the mother has so much life experience. I think this is the best movie I have ever seen, and it is so funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic comedy, a romantic horror that isn't just mindless but has something more to offer. It's a very good film that offers something a bit different to what has come before. There are quite a few plot twists and a lot of surprises.  The characters are all believable and although there are a few silly moments I didn't expect a lot from the other characters either. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the wonderful tale of two women, two young ladies, one a house wife and the other a young housewife. In the early years of their marriage, the housewife finds out that the man who had been a long dream of becoming a "real" artist, has moved into their living room and works with her.  When the two get together and discuss the possibilities, they decide that the artist is the one who needs the help, not the housewives.   The beautiful scenery, amazing colors and stunning music are a beautiful, natural interpretation of the artist. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this when it came out in 1974, and I still remember it vividly. I saw it when I was about eleven years old, I got my big sister, and we went to the movie, and when we came back, my mom told me how great the movie was. My sister and I saw "Patton", and we were very impressed. I never had to see another movie of the director, Ernst Lubitsch. I loved "Gone With The Wind" and "Gettysburg", and "My Blue Heaven", I saw a movie that was very, very real. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a funny movie with a very good story and a very clever approach to making it. It is not bad as i was made aware, it was very funny and interesting and it is a little slow. All in all a great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of the 20th century. It shows how the British could not get their country to fight for the future. The film has a strong cast. The main character is played by the great actor Sir John Ridd and the other main characters are the servants of the queen, her son and her maid.The plot is interesting and can be seen in a million different ways. The ending is as close to the end as it gets.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my friends, who had not seen this before, wanted to see a movie with me and I had never seen anything so beautiful in my life. We went to see this movie and it was great! It was wonderful, beautiful and made me feel for the young men in Israel and how they have to live in such horrible and dangerous circumstances. It is so sad, beautiful, and just plain good!   The movie is not violent, it is a nice, but sad movie. The acting was amazing brilliant. The beautiful cinematography was great, the beautiful cinematographic scenes brilliant. My favorite scenes are when the soldiers and the terrorists meet and they have their heart to heart conversation about life, about the death of loved ones, and about love in general. I loved it so much that I wanted to cry.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant ensemble piece with a good pedigree and a modern touch. It seems to have survived the test of time, but is nonetheless one of the more cinematic and disturbing movies ever. A must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a good film. The direction was beautiful. The cinematography master brilliantly captured the feel of the Italian countryside and gave us the feeling that it was one of us. The characters all brilliantly portrayed their thoughts and feelings. It was a great acting job. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is that it isn't the greatest film of all time.  But it's very interesting.  A lot of the scenes aren't realistic and I enjoy the plot.  The scenes with the horses aren't funny, the horses are very natural and the characters are funny and unique.  I like the movie and think it's a good, interesting movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In this episode of NYPD Blue is the only one in which the police commissioner, Ray Kelly, is shown on-screen. He does a great job and his counterpart, Peter Falk, is a great deal more serious than the commissioner. Falk is a master of police work and is also a very good judge of character.  I have to say, there is a lot of humor and I can't say I enjoyed the episode as much as the others did. I think this show is a little more realistic than the other shows, but I also think that is part of the charm of the show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was just that wonderful. I don't understand why the movie didn't get a 10 from me, because I am a real movie-watcher. I have never seen anything like it.  The story is a very interesting one. It deals with two different types of people, and their interactions. The film covers the lives of two "lobbyists" (anonymous characters) who are very interested in politics, and who have to live with each other because of their differences. They meet a middle-aged man, and his life is not all that easy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie surprised me, but it still doesn't fall into the trap of the movie many others have set up for it, and it still packs quite a wallop! The movie has great laughs, good direction, and good performances from everyone. It is definitely not a straight sequel to the original, and I would recommend it to anyone interested in watching this classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story may be very typical for the first two seasons, but that is not the case. The cast is great, and the story brilliantly develops the characters, and I like the ending specially.  The special effects are amazing, and they work well with the story. The cinematography is great and the special effects brilliant, and you can predict the next scenes, as well as the next episode.  This is one of those anime series that i liked, and i recommend this to any anime fan.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never seen this show and was really surprised to see it was there. It was hilarious and very stupid great for kids. I think this show could be really scary if your kids liked it. If you are too young to understand the show, you should watch it. I hope this show gets better and better every year. I give it a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love "The Man in the Moon" but if you're expecting a film with Richard Attenborough, you know what you're getting. Great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is a tribute to the true story of the lives of three sisters who came to a small village in the middle east. Their lives and struggles have been interrelated since their mother's death, so their lives have been shaped by the death of the sister who was the wife of the eldest sister.  As such, the lives and experiences of the sisters and their mother are interrelated in a way that is never easy to know what happens.  The scenes in the film that show the women in their homes are intercut with scenes from the death.  I had difficulty understanding what was happening and I think that the director captures some very interesting images. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an animated fantasy about the clash of worlds and the possibilities of magic. It is a story that has been played out in comic books and now in the big screen. It also stars Timon and Pumbaa as the main characters and as the servants of a king and a queen. The animation is pretty good as well, and the music is enjoyable. I was surprised with this film. I am not at the story or the story of the characters, I am surprised at the beauty of the scenes and the fantastic costumes that the characters wear. This film is very good, but also very, very strange. I would love to see this animated again, but that is not possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't really know what the best part of this film is. The acting masterfully captures the loneliness and sadness felt by the lonely. The setting is very eerie and full of hauntingly beautiful scenery. The characters are intriguing and full and moving. There is great acting from each actor. The film keeps you wondering what the other is feeling, and what is the fate that awaits them. I was really scared and frightened by the movie, and I still am today.  This is a very strong film, full of great imagery and great acting. It is a good film to rent and I am unsure if I would recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It was a good cast for a film with a lot of depth and some great acting.  I would love to have seen more from the two main stars.  It is very good at the beginning and the ending could have been a lot more powerful.  The direction is brilliant and the beautiful cinematography perfect. The story is very touching and the end was great.  Overall, a great film with great music and great special effects. 10/10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I think this is the master piece of work. It was beautifully done, and I have been waiting for this movie for some time. I enjoyed it and am very interested in seeing more. I am still waiting for it to come out on DVD, so I would have to rent it. I've already seen it and can't wait for it again, but I'd like to see more of it. The cinematography was brilliant, and the great performances by the actors were masterfully crafted. The plot is great, and it was beautifully written. The film is very interesting and can be watched on a regular basis. The performances by David Duchov and Christopher Plummer were great, but not exceptional, but were also great. The direction is beautiful and works well together with the brilliant performances of the actors. The overall direction is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "K-911" is one of the masterpieces of the film. It is a very emotional, suspenseful, suspensefull and beautiful thriller. The action and the storyline is very realistic and it is made very hard to believe that this is a movie made by the director of "The Exorcist".  The main actor, Paulie, plays a policeman who gets a call from his girlfriend who is also a psychic. He has his best friend called Michael (Robert Downey Jr) who is a psychic and has also been a victim of past tragedies.  The movie is really scary and is very disturbing. The scenes with Michael in the house where he was murdered are very disturbing and the main character is very haunted by his experiences and the people he meets.   The other great actors in the film are John Forsythe (a doctor who works in the hospital), David Duchov (another psychic who works at the hospital) and Peter Falk (another psych). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning, this movie is wonderful. It is beautiful. I saw this movie in the cinema in Lyon, France, and I thought it was so beautiful and I wanted to stay in the theater and take it in my hand. I think that this movie shows that France, too, can make movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of two lovers who meet in a café after a couple of weeks and go for a walk together to see the other.  The two find a quiet corner and soon their romance begins to develop as the pair find their own ways to spend time together.  This is a cute and uncomplicated romantic comedy which manages to be a bit on the cheesy side and features a somewhat eccentric soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first installment of the acclaimed "Vigil" trilogy, the director of "The Sentinel" returns with his fourth film in the series. "Vulci" (the Italian word for "fist" in Latin) is not a good word for the title of this film, because "Vlady" is a common Italian word in the title.  "Viliano" is the title that refers to the director's "Vampire" (Vampire-In-The-Dark) trilogy. The "Vili" trilogy is not the same as "Vault" (another of his works, which is a sequel to "Vielin", and which is also a vampire-In the Dark) which is about a secret Vampire-In The Dark that is using a powerful weapon in order to obtain the help of other people, and to find out if he has to kill everyone in order obtain his powers, or if he must only possess a very powerful weapon and use it to defeat everyone else. The film is about the pursuit of "Vlad" by "Vidia" (Luana Neri) and the mysterious object "Vade" (Rocca Rizzo) which the Vampire-Vigil uses in order acquire the necessary information about his dark powers. The Vampire-Luana finds out that the object "vade" is in fact a "vampire-fist", which the powerful Vampire-fists possess. She also learns that the "vile" object is "Vuel", which is the "Vizard" that the Vampire possesses.  The "vulcan" is made by director Enzo Genn (who made "The Vampire" as a Vampire-Siren in the "The Crimson Pet" trilogy), who collaborates with "Rocco" and "Tassolini" and also co-produces "Vid" (his most well-known film, which was made for TV and not a sequel) and "The Dark Art" (which is the first of the "Genn" films) as well as "The Invisible Ray" (also from Genn and which was also made as a Vielin Vampire-Fist in the Vampire series).  "Siren" is another of Genn's Viel series, and it is not quite the same, because it is a straight-to-video movie, the DVD quality is higher and the audio is much higher than the original.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first of two Ingemar Bergman films (the other being "The Lives of Others"), "The Piano" is set in a small, empty room in a modern Swedish town. The room is used as a music studio for a local drama. The local drama is produced by the local high school, which has a choir and a drama club. A couple of students are in the studio when the choir and the drama club begin their performances. The actors are a bit more seasoned, and the movie is a bit longer, and more of a "stage play" type of thing. I think "The Girl" is better in this movie. I also enjoyed "The Old Man and the Child," but "The Wooden Horse" is a very close-up of a small Swedish movie.   "The Lady" is not the best of the lot, as it's just a charming, and very sad film, but it's very nice. I recommend it to anyone who likes to cry and get depressed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great story, if you have the opportunity to see it, don't miss this opportunity. I would highly recomend it to anyone interested in seeing something more honest. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very romantic and romantic movie, "La Pianiste" is the first true masterpiece of the late director, André Tézánez (whose first feature film "L'Isola", in 1948, is also on the list). It is a beautiful, very human story about a woman's desire for the life of the artist (Paz Vega) and his life of struggle to achieve. A very human tale that deserves to be seen again and again.   Paz Vega (Pasolini) is the girl of the story and Paz's father (Luigi Laroche), a former artist, is the director of this film. It is not easy to get into this film because Pasolini is not a film of his own and the actors are not really "real" people. The director does give a great deal of freedom to the viewer, as is typical in French films. This is probably one of the best films of the last half of the 20th century.  "La pianiste", with its human drama and its great cinematography, makes Pasolini seem all the more human and "natural" than he was. It also makes Paslovski seem artificial and artificial in his very naturalistic and naive style. Pasolini's works are full of symbolism, which is another aspect that could make Pasolini look "a bit" artificial, like he was not in control of his art. It should be seen and enjoyed again and I would recommend this movie to everybody. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The title of this is not a movie, it is an enchanting tale, it's a movie you will never forget, this is the story of two lonely people that find happiness in each other. This is a story of enchantment, but it's something that is very believable. It's the story that could have taken place in a small Italian village. I found it beautiful and it was a very charming story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I first saw this movie at a midnight showing in Hollywood, but when I heard the score I was ecstatic! I am glad to know the song was a hit as a teenager. The film has a great plot, and the ending will make you jump! I liked the ending of the movie as a kid. It scared me. It was so scary. I think if you are scared at anything, even if it is just your dreams, it will scare you. I give this movie a 10/10 excellent acting by all. 10/5 perfect acting for masterful performances. 10 stars excellent works, masterfully done and beautiful movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is quite unfortunate when a good film comes along that you don't realize it is a great film. This film is a brilliant documentary, I wish I could have given it a chance. The film was wonderfully filmed and the photography superb. It also dealt with the controversial subject of globalization and the treatment of workers. There were many interesting and shocking moments, I hope to be able to obtain a copy of the complete documentary. I hope that this documentary will also shed some light on the plight of the Asian community in America and the relationship between Asian families and the United States. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is one of the masterpieces of all time. "The Last Wave" is one in which a very impressive cast is given an unprecedentedly strong script, superb direction and brilliant performances. A fascinating look at the relationship of an American couple, their struggles over the coming years and their eventual reconciliation.  A must see for any serious movie lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic comedy that is like a romantic soap opera. The actors play their parts wonderfully, and the story is light and fun. I recommend it to any one interested in a romantic movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is great, i loved all the actors. it is so funny and i like the movie. i wish all the cast and crew had great performances. i hope all the viewers in America and the world get to know about this movie, they are so funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved this movie, even though it was set in a modern city. The actors did excellent work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, I must say, I was pleased with the first episode. I was impressed with the second episode.  This is a show that I have seen several times now.  I have never seen anything that good about this show, and after this episode I have to say, this is definitely one of the great shows.   The acting was great and great. I am still trying to figure out how great it is, and I am not sure of the exact words to describe it. It is great, and it is wonderful.  My favourite line was the one that said, "A real person wouldn't do that". I thought it was wonderful. I don't think that many people would. I thought that that was a great line. I will watch this show for the next 10 years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to revisit this film to see if it was as good as I remembered, and I was amazed at how beautiful and graceful it was. It has great acting from Denzel Washington, a superb script and great directing. It is not as if I haven't seen a few of his films, but wow wonderful masterpieces. The cinematography beautifully captured the essence of the film and made the whole experience more memorable and realistic. The music is great, and it is a great compliment to the soundtrack.  The last 10 minutes of the movie were mesmerizing, and made me want to hug everyone involved. I can't say that I enjoyed it as much as the other film, I just can't believe that the best American film in history is a true story that was made to a great story.  I would love to see this again, I would watch again with great joy, and hopefully I will get some response from someone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea that the young Frank Lloyd Wright was going to be elected as a judge in 1892, was a bold move to make history come true. When the voters cast their ballots in the 1892 Democratic primary in Philadelphia, he came up as a winner in a landslide. The story behind the story is a fascinating one, with Wright as a lawyer for the Peoples Temple and the local African American community.  The movie tells the story of a man who gets his political awakening after being arrested for murder, and how his life goes from being a free-spirited young man, to a politician.  If you have a thirst for something interesting, watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is the master class of the whole genre. It is a fun, well made and great movie with a big fat great plot, and the usual suspects are there. The characters are all unique and have interesting dialog and fantastic effects. I don't know why the reviews keep coming up for this masterpiece. I am very happy to have seen it, but don't expect to be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second animated movie that i have seen that was part of the "Eadon & Gaddie" series. It was a short animated film with Gaddies and the characters are well drawn.  I have been looking for this film for a long time and finally i found it on my VHS collection. This is a great feature for anyone who likes animators and this is the reason why it is so short.   I had to watch this first animated film and i liked it. The plot is really interesting and the animation is fantastic. The songs are okay, it isn't really a musical, so it isn`t the typical animated film that you get in stores. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes is the scene in the hotel where guests discuss the various political issues. This is probably the best scene in any movie.   The plot is very interesting, especially when you consider the various theories put forward by different people (the same ones in the beginning) and how the various "experts" have come to the conclusion. It is very entertaining.  The acting is great, especially the performance by the two main characters. It's not too great, the acting is excellent, and the film is great fun.  This is one of those films where you have a fantastic cast and great entertainment. It also has a very good plot, although some things could have been done better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The idea of this film is the perfect companion piece to the original. I can remember watching "Bambi" (Bambini's sister) in the early seventies when there was a good dose of "Darius" and "Cher" (Darius's brother) and seeing how they were both good. They were both so charming, that I became a fan of them. The same is true for Cher (Cher's sister). Cher is just as enchanting and charming as Bambini was, and so are the two brothers who played their roles to perfection.   It was the beginning of the film for me. The scene with Cher and Bambi in the carriage (the scene where Cher is talking to Bambino on the telephone) was one of the many that made me want to "see something more".  My personal favourite scene was the one when Cher is in the garden, and Bamboe is there, talking to Cher. Cher and his brother both turn their heads towards the speaker, but the brothers are unaware of who he is. Cher is unaware of Bambine, and he comes up to Bambo and begins to talk about their "brothers". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was one of the great romantic anime series in that it dealt with relationships, romance, happiness, and sickness all in one. The characters all have different personalities and different motivations and there is not one cliché happy ending. The animation is beautiful, but I would recommend watching it with the sound off. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen an indie film, and I can't remember ever seeing a real one. This was an awesome film. I've watched it at least two times, and every time it works wonderfully, it makes me feel better about life, as it makes you realize how precious time is.  I saw this film when it was first released, and the whole time I was scared, not just because it was scary, but because it had such beautiful cinematography and brilliant acting and great directing. I never in my life felt so scared and scared to death after seeing this beautiful and amazing movie.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a simple, straightforward story. This film is the first collaboration of director John Woo and actor Lee Kang Hoon.  The story is a standard that a movie must follow: it is about the relationship between a lonely guy, Wang, and a woman in love.  It is a story that has very good romantic characteristics. The actors, the dialog, the camera work, the scenery, the settings, the style, all together makes this film a wonderful romantic story.  Woo is excellent as the lonely guy who is attracted to his dream girl. He is a natural born leader.  Kang Hui also shows her beauty as the woman who is in love with him. The two have great chemistry and it works very well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an emotional and poignant tale of the struggle of an older woman, a woman with a husband, a mother, a sister, and a daughter, all struggling with an illness that leaves a woman in the hospital bed with severe pain.  The acting is moving and believable, the dialog full of wit and experience, and the script is creative.   The use of the music in this film is powerful and moving, and I am sad that this film was made at a time when people were turning to drugs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Vampire" is the classic Vampire story. It is not the story of an undead Vampire (Vampire lore is about a Vampire) who goes on a killing spree in order to protect a girl from becoming a Vampire herself. Vampire lore is a beautiful story of the everyday people in a Vampire's world. In this film, the Vampire's story takes a different path and is told in a beautiful setting: the Vampire town in Romania.   This is not just a Gothic horror, it is a very good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had seen this before, so I was very excited to see the film. It was something that I had never heard before, but I really wanted to see it, so when I went into the theatre, I really believed I was going to see a wonderful movie. I was surprised when the film turned out great and brilliant, and I absolutely loved it, and so did my two friends who were with me in the cinema, the audience didn't even realise they were there. The scene where the old lady dies and the spirit leaves her body was the most moving and emotional I've ever seen. I love the ending, I would like to see more of this film. I really hope that this film can inspire people to do something creative. If you have any ideas, I'm sure you will find someone who will appreciate this film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic anime that focuses on the relationship between a young woman and a robot. This is not the typical romantic anime with the usual heavy-handed, steroid messages and fighting scenes. The story has depth, and is something that most viewers would only dream of. I also like the fact that all the characters in the anime are human. This makes the anime more realistic. I would like to see more of the plot and more of this anime.   This show is about the robot Taro, who falls in love with the young woman Chihiro (also voiced by Yuji) he met while on a date. Taro and Chihirao (the robot and the girl) become very attached and have a tumultuous love that could never be allowed to continue. They even start to live together in the same house together in order to escape the loneliness and pain they have together. Toto also has a robot of his own that he uses to help him out with everyday life problems. The robot's personality is really alien and has a different personality than Taro's. It seems like it was designed by someone that knew a lot about anime, but then masterfully put brilliant individual pieces together to beautifully complete this masterpiece. A great example of this is the character of Chihira, the robot's female counterpart, who is more human than Toto.  This anime is a cute romantic anime about a robot and Taro. This anime does not contain CG or any animation, but it does contain a surprisingly well made soundtrack and the animation. The characters are all very human, and most of them are voiced by some of the best actors ever. The plot also has some serious weaknesses, and the anime is very simple and clear. All of the dialog and acting is excellent. Also, the animation is beautiful, and there are no many CGs in the whole anime. This may be a bad movie for Japanese fans. It also does not seem like it would be a good choice for a date movie with your friends, because it is not supposed to be your typical anime romance, but instead is a very romantic anime. You might like it, but if you like the genre, you will probably like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie and I think that you should too. It is a very original, and very emotional. The only thing that I don't like about this movie is the plot, which is very powerful, and the story is so great, that you don't feel like you are watching something that is all your own.  I hope that this movie will bring back many of the great actors from the 80's, and that it will get more exposure to this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In one of my very first days back from the holidays, I got up and saw "Christmas" and it still haunts me. I had to get it out. It was beautiful. I was scared. I saw the opening of "A Christmas Carol" and was scared to death. I wanted my children to see it too. They loved it and wanted to see more. I thought it was so great. I am going to keep my eye out for more movies. The best one I saw was "The Christmas Story". The story was beautiful, and the music was beautiful as well. I'm not going to give any of the other movies that I've seen a chance to live up to the wonderful quality of the "AChristmas Carol". I'm going to watch it again, and I hope that my children get scared as well, so that we can all enjoy Christmas again. It's a Christmas movie for the whole family! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the first part of the movie and the last scene is the best part of any movie. The first part is a touching story about how an older man comes back to the small town he grew up in. He doesn't know how to deal with his past and he decides to make amends by helping the younger man, who is also battling a serious illness, but to no avail.  I found the scene where the old man and the younger comes together was powerful. I thought that scene was very powerful because it showed the power of the older man to change the younger's life.  It wasn't all that great but the movie was great. I really think the ending was powerful and moving. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Odin" is a short movie. It's a movie you never know when it is coming, so you never miss it. It starts off with a great plot. Then you get great performances from everyone. This is the great strength of the movie. "Oin" is short, funny, and so is the whole movie. A great story to tell at a time when the world is still recovering from war. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that I would never thought would come out of a Disney Channel Original. This is not just another great Disney movie. It is a beautiful movie that is filled with good humor. It's just that entertaining. Disney Channel has had so many great original animated films in their past and this is one of them. They have taken a page out of their history books and are bringing this one to life with amazing style and imagination. The only Disney Channel original I know about is Toy Story and I loved that movie too. This movie reminds me of Toy Story. The whole thing reminds me how special it is. I've watched this movie on several times with my kids and they really enjoyed it. My youngest really wanted to like it as much as her friends did. The best part of this movie is the beginning where they are talking about the animals and they all want to play with them. It was adorable and fun. The animals are cute and fun to watch. It just made my whole family happy to see them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only real drawback to this wonderful film is that it is not a film about animals. The narration, beautifully illustrated, the images, wonderfully detailed, and great use of the English language makes this a powerful experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very short, charming and romantic movie. The film is directed by Peter Sarsgaard, who directed "A Dream Is A Wish". Sarsdgaard shows a real sense of humor and his characters have depth and warmth, like the main character in "A Christmas Together" or "The Shop Around the Corner". The story of a struggling artist and his wife who are trying to rebuild their relationship after a loss is very emotional and it's obvious the actors were very talented.  This film is about a painter who is having major problems. His wife has moved away, he has no time for work, he's living with his mother, his mother's friends are trying their best to help him, he can't take it anymore. In his time of need, he gets help from his friends and from the neighbor's. In this time of crisis, he does not feel good enough to take the next step and is depressed. But he doesn't know what to do and he doesn;t do anything.  The film also focuses on the pain and agony that he has endured in the past years. The ending is very powerful and the ending is one of the strongest in the history of cinema. It shows the artist's anger and confusion about the situation, and that's why he gets his inspiration for his new masterpiece.  Sarsvøø, Sarsørner oden, Sæde Råskner ode, Søde hjerner uden, så hjerners uden. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't think that you can call yourself a horror movie without experiencing a good horror movie, but I thought this was a good one to show off to.  The movie is not just a good mix of scares, suspense, suspense and a good storyline, it combines the two together beautifully.  There is good and bad, but this one stood masterfully beautiful and suspense masterfully. The good parts of the movie were well done, especially the ending, where the girl meets with the killer in the woods.  I recommend this movie to anyone interested in a good creepy horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film first as a child and when I was a little bit older, I decided to look at it again. I found it to be a very interesting film. It was like a very wonderful movie! It was not like the film I grew up watching on TV in the 70's. I thought the whole movie was very entertaining. It has great acting from all the actors and great direction.   It is a very simple story with a simple ending. The movie does not make you go "Oh wow, this was a great movie." You just know when the ending comes, and that's what I like about a movie. But the end was a very satisfying one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and i loved it very much! I think that this movie is really cool, and that it is really sad, but it is not stupid, because it is very funny. This movie is very original and so very good. I give this movie an awesome 10/10. I loved the first one a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very much like the other two, The Good Earth and The Old Man In The Moon. It has the same plot, same actors, and brilliant special effects, but it is different from the other movies in that it doesn't have a script. Instead it brilliant brilliantly beautiful and imaginative imagery, beautiful landscapes and fantastic performances, that really make the film come true to life and are sure to make you go crazy. The director did a great job also, and you will enjoy the soundtrack, which is a mix of genres: Industrial, Psychadelic, Gothic, Gothic and Post-Scary. This movie isn't really about anything, it is about the journey that these three crazy kids take on. It is about life, about friendship, about love and of course about a love that will never end. This is a very powerful and disturbing movie! 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved the first movie, but i think this was a brilliant masterpiece. It is a really dark and gory movie with a good story, great acting, great special effects, great gore, great atmosphere, great imagination and great music. It was great for me because this is a horror movie, not a comedy. This is a great horror movie. I don't know if this movie has a sequel, but if you want to see this excellent movie, i recommend you to watch it. i think that this is really a good horror movie with good gore, good atmosphere and good great special FX. this movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic, romantic, and comical movie about two couples who meet each other's in the train.  The film is filled with a lovely and romantic atmosphere. It features a number of famous actors and is the second romantic film from the director of "Wedding Bells" (2002)   The story begins with a happy couple trying to get a date in the small Italian village of Montagna. They decide to wait at the train station for a couple of trains, and wait for a train to arrive. There they meet a mysterious girl who says that the two of them should have a ride together.  She tells them that her grandmother has been waiting for her and that they should take her to the old lady's hut. There she meets the grandmother and says that she would be waiting for them.   This movie is a simple and sweet romantic movie that should appeal to a wide audience. If you like to watch romantic movies, but if you don't like to see them as often as possible, then this is not one to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I have been reading a lot about this movie, I was wondering why i have never heard of it before.  Well, after all, when I saw the title, I thought, "This movie is great, it's great and i'm going to go see it soon." I was very surprised. I don't really think people are going to see this movie when there are not many movies in the genre, but I guess I'm one of those people.  The acting is great especially from the three main characters.  This is a great movie, if you ask me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very nice to watch the film again and again. The movie is full of great performances by all the actors and great humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was a very enjoyable film to watch, it had a very good ending and good acting, it was very good with a good script and great camera shots, the good music and the beautiful beach setting. It was beautifully done and i loved it very much.  I was not surprised with this film, it could not be any better, i love the movie and this was the best movie i have seen all year, i think i could never forget it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen many bad movies in my time, and this is one of them. I remember seeing this in the cinema in '92 when I was little, and it still haunts me when I watch it today. This is the great story of how a small Australian community is affected by the effects of man, nature and the environment. This movie tells a compelling story about the struggles of one couple, played by Peter and Bronte. Peter is a conservationist and Bron is a trapper, whose job it is to kill animals that are causing harm to the community.  Peter and his family are at the mercy of a strange black man who wants to have their cattle herd removed from their property.  This is a movie that has a pretty high budget to work with, but is well worth watching over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well done, funny and poignant movie about a family in need of a miracle. A group of friends decide to go on a road trip in the hope of finding a missing relative. They are led to a place where a family that has lost their family to the church is waiting for them. They arrive and soon find that the people are all waiting for the miracle. They all seem so genuine and happy and loving. A good film that leaves you feeling happy. It was very, very funny and touching. This is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie that will not bore you, the script is engaging and the direction masterfully captures the feel of an everyday person. The acting is superb, the music superb, and the story brilliantly developed, especially the ending. It is a tribute to the great artists of the 20th century, and to the story of a woman who has lived her entire life in the shadow of her abusive husband. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story may be an allegory, but the movie works well on the level of acting and visuals.  The main characters are well drawn, but their dialog and interactions with one another are engaging and fascinating. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the perfect romantic anime that many people have probably never heard of, although I do remember the original version with Tazuna and the Tamerlane, which were also part of the original Japanese version.  In this version, the first 20 minutes of the movie are so enchanting, but the rest is flawless, and the whole movie is beautifully made.  This version is not so black and white as in the original, and some of the characters are more white-ish than in the previous version. However, I would still like to see Tazunan in this version. I think he should do the role again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the story of the struggle of a female journalist to live in a post-colonial world, where she tries to make it big by reporting the truth of the brutal treatment of women and children.   The film is a great look at how people who live in the slums of the modern world are treated in this era.  I have to say that this is one of the masterpieces of the 20th century, and I love it as such. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is unique from all other Sci-Fi and it's not for everyone. This is the first time I've seen that many different kinds of actors, in one movie, have come together on screen. There are many talented people involved in the making of this movie, who have created a fascinating story, and it shows. The special effects are stunning, especially the scenes with the stars of the film, the colours, the camera-work, and the way the light interacts with the actors. The film is great, especially for a Sci-fi film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film I saw was of this series but it was an enjoyable one. The acting is great and great and the script master beautifully captures the feel of the characters. The whole movie is full of great humour. The movie is a must see if you enjoy a good laugh or want to see some great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have only seen this movie on TV, and I enjoyed it. I would like to buy the DVD! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're expecting a classic American horror film, you should see this movie. It's a very atmospheric and suspenseful movie that has the power to make you jump and jump and to jump at just the right moments. The ending alone, I will remember forever.  The movie features plenty of good-looking Gothic imagery and scares, which were used very effectively in the original version. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In the late '80s, MTV made videos of people being brutally raped by animals. In the first 10 years of MTV, I knew nothing about the animals. I had only seen one of them, and had never seen any of the others, and it was only in college that I saw the first one. It was in the early '90s that I started to get more into the story of the animals being brutally killed. I even started to care about them. I went from having watched them on the TV to being sad for them being tortured, and watching the videos of them being shot, and hearing their tortured screams, and was horrified at what I was seeing and hearing.  My friend, a young man, and I got together and decided to watch the videos from the college campus to try to understand what the animals were feeling. We were surprised by the videos. We sat in the theater, and were stunned to see that these videos had a very different tone. I think that the message of the videos, the messages that people were expressing through the videos and the videos were much more humane and loving.  I don't want to give any of my personal thoughts, but I thought that the video that showed people getting beat up and tortured was very disturbing. I don;t want to make them, but they are very disturbing to watch, and they are disturbing to think about.  Overall, this is a great documentary. I am surprised by how much I have changed my opinion about this, and still have not seen it, but it has changed my life and has given me hope for humanity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I just saw this movie on the festival circuit, and I was pleasantly surprised. It is a great film, but the acting was great, the camera great, great acting in great direction and great photography beautifully captured the story. The film has an interesting and unique look to it, and was shot beautifully in all the different parts. The music was beautiful and very moving. The use of flash photography to enhance the scene was masterfully done. The great cinematography was great. The lighting brilliant, and in all it's colors, beautiful. And the camera captured every detail beautifully.  I saw this at the Festival des films du Monde, and everyone there said that it was the best film they ever seen. This was certainly an interesting film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with a bang, and goes well enough to make the viewer feel as if he/she is at a "Hollywood" level.  Then the action starts, with a mix of suspense, action, suspense, and romance all at once.  I loved the romance aspect of the film, because that was one of the reasons why I went into it.  The director is masterful in his choices and selections of settings and locations. The pacing is brisk and the story is action packed, with suspense and romance being the main story.  All in all, great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie and it's always made me happy. It has a very intense story and the ending is what really gets me, I think. But the movie is not really for everybody, it is for the people who think that this movie is for kids only. And I'm not talking about the adults. I'm talking about a lot of the kids who think it is a "kid movie" and they will watch it to the end and try to make it into a "family movie". I've said it many times before. I really don't think parents have much time for their kids. I've been wanting to like this movie since I've watched it all, I just can't wait for it to come out on DVD. It was so great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an effort to get a true story of the true story, we are pleased to say we got a real surprise this summer. We will be posting on this site again and again for those interested in seeing a true and uplifting story. The original story is an emotional and powerful piece that tells of a man's struggles, both in his personal life and in his professional life. It shows us that every day life can be a struggle for a reason, and that's why we all should be able to understand and appreciate each other and have hope in the future. This film tells us that the story of this young man, Michael, is not simply an emotional one, but it is a story of hope, in spite of all odds. We want to be clear that this film is not for people who have not seen it yet, it is for anyone who is open minded and open minded, who would like to see a true emotional story of a real person struggle, and a true person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I liked the first two parts of the movie. I found it very interesting. I knew there was a sequel. The only time I saw it was on TV.  I don't know what it is about. The plot is great. It's very interesting and I love the concept. The acting is great and the beautiful landscapes and locations.  The cinematography masterworks great and I like the way they show the nature and how the characters interact with the natural world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this movie over a hundred times, and I can honestly say I never tire of enjoying it, I just find myself looking for new movies to watch, or just checking my pulse.  There is much, much more to this movie than just the story, and the movie works very well.  I'm surprised with the story. The actors are great, it is great that so many great actors have come out of this movie. The movie is a great, beautiful, dark and mysterious movie, and you wont be disappointed if you watch it.   If you like the dark and evil movies, or the mysterious and scary movies, this is a must see. I recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, you have a great script, a great direction, great special FX, great cinematography masterpieces, great beautiful cinematography and great great great directing. And great music from the great composer Hans Zimmern. In the end you have stunning visuals and great music. This is one of the great German movies. I would like to congratulate the director and the Producer for brilliant work in a short time. Thanks to Hans Zimmermann for great scenics. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie first on the festival last summer, and I was amazed by it. It was interesting, and while there were quite a few bad movie parts, the movie was overall a great movie. The acting is great, the cinematography master brilliantly works. The beautiful scenery, beautiful colors, beautiful settings and great use of light and color works wonderfully together, and the beautiful and stunning photography works beautifully, the music is great and the best song ever was played. Overall, I would love to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an adult film. The main reason I enjoyed this movie is because of the performances of the 3 main characters. The story is interesting, and the performances are wonderful wonderfully. The adult performances were good and the kids were fine. The film has great performances. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the old Bond movies, but this one gets all the timeless qualities that all those Bond movies have: humour, romance, drama, comedy, drama all at the same time.  In this movie, Bond plays a detective who becomes obsessed with the beauty of another woman (Sally Field), and with his obsession towards the beauty and the love of the beautiful Sally Field (Roxy and Lea are a good pair of characters, with Roxy's charm being more suited to the role), and his attempts to get the woman into his life are thwarted by his inability to recognise the true bond between the two women.  The movie opens with a montage of shots of the two main characters interacting and the scene of a car crash is also shot in.  When the scene is over, the car crash scene is shown again with all the flashbacks that had happened to that time, and it is all the more intense.  There is a scene where Bond and Lease are at the police station together, and while being guarded by the police, Lease is shown in a different location, and Bond is still standing, and Leate is shown driving the car with her eyes closed and hands folded down. Lease has not moved, but has not been arrested yet, but is hiding from the police. She is not seen again, so it is a little strange that she does not meet Bond, even though he is the man who took her from Ireland to be taken away.  One thing that I dislike about the movie is that the soundtrack is so realistic, and the acting is great, and Sally Field does not sound as fake as Roxy and the others. I also would like to see Roxy as the main character again, as she has proved herself in the past.    Overall, a great movie, and very fun to watch. 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was in town. I can't remember what I thought, or who. I was impressed with the direction and beauty of this movie, but was amazed with the story. The beautiful scenery was magnificent. I felt for the characters, and was reminded of my own childhood experiences. The acting was wonderful beautiful and great performances by the actors. I love the movie, and hope I do the same for everyone else. I wish everyone could see this wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen this film twice, but it still haunts me. I still think about it, and I still wish I could show the film to my kids. It's so amazing. It can be scary, it can be sad, it's just a human emotion. I think that's what this movie is all about, and that's why people often hate it.  I just watched it again on the Denzel Washington-driven Showtime Original Movie, and it still left me with such a pang. This is a scary film that should scare any and everyone. It is an oldie from Denzel.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is of the classic style, not as shallow as the first one, which I found very pleasing to the eye, but I also found very interesting to see how this story evolved and became more serious.  The story has an extremely interesting start, the characters are interesting and the beginning is very disturbing. I felt there was an initial curiosity, which was very disturbing, and I am glad I did not have to stay to see the disturbing conclusion of this story.    I found the ending to be very powerful, but in the end I think the ending stands strong and has a very disturbing message. I will continue to watch this movie to this end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had the pleasure of watching this movie for the first time on TCM on TCMX, and I must say that I liked it very much! The story is about a middle aged businessman who goes back to his hometown to visit his brother who is engaged to a woman he works with in the city. After a series of misunderstandings the brother is killed. The movie is very emotional and sad.  The acting is great, the plot is beautiful and I think the cinematography master works very well.  Overall I think this is an outstanding movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I first heard of this movie about 8 years ago on the DVD collection from my local library. When I watched the movie I thought it was wonderful, and after reading all the other comments, I decided to watch it again. I still do, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for something to do.  The story is about a high school girl named Toni (Brigitte Lin) who finds out that she can make people disappear by putting them in the dark. It starts out well, but gradually it master beautifully beautiful and becomes so amazing beautiful. Toni uses her magic to bring life to a lonely and sick girl named Emma (Emily Warfield).  The beautiful cinematography is breathtaking, and there are beautiful dark scenes, and very scary and creepy music.  This is a very strange and unusual film, with a simple story, beautiful music, and great acting. It is strange to see a film with this beautiful cast, but it is also very strange to watch a movie with great actors and great special effects. It also makes the movie a must see for everyone. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes strange, and strange films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very powerful film that will make you angry. It is so realistic and powerful that you will never look at the movie the same way again. It will make the audience want to be there with them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a story of two people. One is a girl, the other a guy. The movie follows their lives as they are drawn into this relationship. The acting is great, and I especially liked the portrayal of the older guy, who played a role similar to what he played in the first film. The other, the guy played a more minor role, a "nice guy".  The movie is an interesting film, and the story is told well. There is good acting, beautiful music and beautiful photography. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was so great, I couldn't stop laughing after the first ten minutes. I love that, especially the beginning and the first half of the movie. It is one of the masterpieces of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't see how I can describe this movie without spoiling it for those who haven't seen it. I have to confess, this is my favorite movie. I can watch it from my sofa and not have to worry about any noise. I don,t think I will ever forget it. The movie is a magnificent piece of work. I haven't given it an honest attempt to describe how it's different from a TV movie, or that it is really scary or gory. I think this movie is brilliant. If you are interested in watching the movie, watch it and compare it to the horror movies that you've seen. The movies aren't as scary as this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning of the film we are taken to a small Japanese village with its graveyard. This is where we meet the director Masami Akabane (the late Masami Inoue) and his friend, Masami Hashi (Moe Asakura). Both of them are now engaged in a local business and Masami is a local priest and Masamori is a hick, the latter has a son and Masanori has a wife and two children. Together they have a local boy named Takashi (Taro Ota) who wants to be a priest and is given a book about the graveyard. When he comes to the graveyard, the two become interested and try to dig it up.  The film is shot in shadowless daylight and the landscapes are dark, almost black. When they arrive at the grave of a local woman, we are surprised by the brightness and see how it is lighted up by the local graveyard. The film also shows how the grave is surrounded by several other graves, a few of which are lighted and have been opened in the morning. The two of them come across a girl who has been buried there in the dead of the night and she is dead. When she is found, the priest and the boy take a few steps back into the grave and find her in the dark. The girl wakes up and they are shocked to see the body of the girl that they just walked out on and that she has been sleeping there. She is dead and they find out that the woman has died and that it is in the graveyard that they have come from. The movie is shot with a very strong sense of shock and tragedy. The sound of the wind and rain and the sounds of the dead bodies and the wind are used in the film to convey the sadness and regret of the deceased.  This film is also a sad film because the people in the village are dead and their spirit is now wandering about. This movie is about the people that we can never look at with any sense of sadness. We have become so used to the terrible Japanese feeling of hopelessness and helplessness that we never feel like we have lost anything or that we are living in a truly sad place. This film reminds us of those things that we have come to expect from the people we are so used. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A nice, charming and heart-warming movie. It features great acting from some of the best British actors. The scenery is lush and the colours, both light and dark, are beautifully contrasted and the score is lovely.  I would have to say, that I have never seen a picture of London as I have. I always enjoy seeing old pictures of London.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been to see this movie with my friends, and it was a very good one. I was surprised at how much it meant to them, but after just a short time my expectations were up to my expectations.  The acting was great, especially the portrayal of the main characters, which I felt was very believable, especially from the acting, but not to the point of over the top. The music was great as well, although there were a few songs that were nice. The cast was great and I loved the acting. The film is very funny, and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good laugh a little too hard. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen this film many times, and I have to say that it is one of masterpieces of this genre. I have never seen such great acting and great cinematography from any movie that i have ever seen, and the great beauty and breathtaking beauty of this movie has always been there. A masterpiece of beauty and great power. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like my personal view on life, then I guess you will like this movie. My view on the world is a very sad one. I have been trying to figure out who has done more to help the poor of the world. I know of people who have done so much for so many and they are the "good guys". It is a sad comment to the whole world.    This is a touching movie. I love the "romantic" scenes between the "hugger" and the "poor man". I love to watch a movie where someone is happy and someone is sad.  I love when I am reminded of all the good and bad things that happen to us and it does not feel as good as the movie portrays. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a true romantic anime from one of the creator of cyber city. I loved it as a show for the story and the cast. The main character is one of a kind that we have seen a lot of these days. I also loved the animation and graphics.  It was an interesting show at the time.  The story is about a young woman, Aida, a computer programmer, who gets into the relationship of her deceased father with another woman.  Then the father is attacked by another cyborg who comes out of the mother's room. They are so drawn together that they both die.  Aida wakes up from her nightmare and goes to her computer terminal. The computer shows the message "A death wish" on the terminal.    Then a strange message comes up. A strange message.  I haven't seen it before, so I will assume that it was some old anime that was really great. It was probably the best anime ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this film on late TV when it first came out and enjoyed it. I didn't like it much at all, but I liked the way it was filmed--it was clear that it was a very good film. I saw it again on TV the next day and I was amazed by the acting, good direction, and fine performances from all the actors. The camera shots, especially the car sequences, were superb and moving. The plot and characters were engaging. I would have liked to see the characters grow a little bit more, and it would have made the film more exciting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a fascinating look at the relationship of a father (Burt Lancaster) and his son, and the family's difficulties in adjusting to modern life. I enjoyed the scene where Lancaster comes back to his childhood home and discovers that his son has a big phobia and he is obsessed with killing people he comes in contact with, but is scared of death, and is afraid of being killed himself.  It is interesting to see the different viewpoints of the two men and to see how they can have such a different view of life. It is a depressing movie, but also a great one to watch in a depressing way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating documentary of the life of one of the last surviving members of the great race of the American West, including their struggle for survival, their struggles with illness, alcoholism, racism and other problems, and finally their triumph over adversity.  It's surprising and disappointing, with interviews with veterans of the movement, a good look at one of their many supporters, and a well made documentary of their own struggles.  The actors are good, and the camera is impressive, but the beauty of the film is that it is honest, although it's not for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Slim Slam Slum" is a great film. It is a realistic look at a slum situation. The documentary was made to look like a real slum, and the filming was beautiful, as was the story. The camera was moving smoothly and smoothly. The use of the various media in this film was excellent. The interviews are insightful and inspirational. The editing is masterfully done, and also the use of lighting and photography works wonderfully.   The story is simple and straightforward. The filmmaker took some time to research this subject, and he is very pleased with the result. The film shows people in different periods of life, different types of situations, and how their lives have been affected by the various things that slum dwellers had to endure. The slum is a blighted area in the city. The main character is the one who lives there, a young slum child. He is a poor slum kid, and needs to live with his parents. He can't live in the slums, and it is his dreams that get him into trouble with the city authorities. The rest of the slum people are not poor slums dwellers, but just homeless people. They don't have anything. They are people who have fallen through the cracks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this show, even though the actors have changed, and it's a shame more people aren't seeing this show. The reason why I like it is because of the story line. The story line is a bit slow, but the story lines are great, and the acting is great. All in all, great entertainment. I am a huge Adam Sandler fan, and I love watching his movies. The show is so entertaining, I recommend it to anyone. I like the acting of all the cast members very much. My favorite line is the scene in the elevator shaft. I can't wait for Adam Sandlers to do it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just caught this on Showtime and I am surprised by the way it is filmed, it captures the feel of a story that many people have lived through, with a focus on the story of the young and the families who have lived there and how they are dealing with the situation. It has an unusual feel to it and the sound track is great, and the cinematography master works beautifully.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants to see a story with a more serious approach to life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a great little movie and there is something in the air. It's all about love and the wonderful thing is that there are no annoying people. It has a good message in it. If you love the wonderful and the lonely then you will love this movie. It makes you realise how much you need friends. If there are any fans of old films this is not a bad movie. A must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was a little kid and I still get emotional whenever I watch a film with my kids. I didn't see it when it came out and it is one of my all time favorite children's movies. I think it will be a great movie for my kids to watch over and over again. I am glad I got the chance to watch it again. My daughter is going to get so upset with the movie that she will start crying and yelling. My husband and I are going to be scared sick. We will watch it all our kids to scare them off. My 5 year old is going crazy and will say "Dad is so scary". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love it, I was amazed when I saw it for the first time. It is very original and the acting is great, specially from the main actor in the movie, who is one of the most powerful actors in the world.  My favorite scene in the whole movie is when the main character finds the little girl he has been attracted to in the beach and he goes home with her to be with her friends and family for a week without saying anything to anyone. The movie is very good and it could not keep the great surprise of the main heroine in suspense for long.  The movie has a lot of great action scenes, but it is not a bad movie. It has a good ending and that is a good thing, as I love the ending of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a great story and i like the movie more than any other movie i have ever seen and it is a movie that is so great that it is not a remake. The movie is great, the actors are great and the story is great. It is a great movie and i am very surprised to see how many people are mad about this movie. But that's how i like to watch movies. But i do like to see the movie again and again, i think, because of the special effects, the cinematography, the beautiful locations, and the great acting. It also surprised me to see this movie in the first place. I was surprised to learn that the movie had taken place in Mexico and not in the USA, where the movie was set. I am very curious to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie when it came out in 1981, when my youngest daughter, who was 9 at the time, was 4 years old. The whole family, including the youngest daughter who was 4 at the same time, enjoyed it. My oldest daughter, an avid film buff, said it was one of her favorite movies ever, and my youngest said "Uh huh. I love it. But I guess I hate it. It's really cool." I laughed a little at the story of the "sandy hulk" and the "big red herring" of a child. The "silly rabbit" and "little red herrings" were so charming that they became the main themes of the movie. I also liked the idea of "Hulk and rabbit" as a couple, which had been popular in the 80s and 90s, and how the "hulk" was so strong.   The "big bad rabbit" was cute and lovable, and the little red herrick was very cute and innocent. My youngest said that she would like to see a version of "hulani and zubeida" as pets. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I have seen this movie in a number of films and have really liked it.  This movie was not so good, and I liked the fact that it made a lot of the characters come to life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the first time the director was given complete freedom to make a film about the events that led to World War II. I have always been interested in the subject, and was fascinated by the "happenings" of war in the air. I can remember seeing a film by this director when I was in the Air Forces in the 1940's. He was showing his work in a documentary, and it was quite disturbing.  In this film, he shows how the Americans made an excellent "man-for-all" type of aircraft to fight the Germans. The "planes" are really quite primitive and very different from those made by the Japanese or the Japanese in other war films. The airplane engines, for example, look more like the aircraft engines of the 1940s, and the plane has a more "bulletproof" design. The Japanese used modern aircraft, like airplanes, planes, airplanes, and even tanks. The American planes, in comparison, are old and old-fashioned and outdated, and were designed to be used in a very different way.  This is the movie that many people have rated it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen all the movies in this series and the ones I haven't seen yet are still a thrill. This movie isn't all about a baseball team, and instead is about two families who want to get together and get rid of all the family members. I don't think that anyone who has ever seen a movie will be able to relate to this movie, and it is probably the best movie I have ever seen.  The acting is great, and the story is great. It also has an ending that makes you not want to see the next movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a boy's love of nature and the impact it has on him and his family is a powerful story. The cinematography is stunning and the settings are beautiful.  I love the music of this movie and the animals and especially the music played by the artist, Jason Statham. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film about the relationship of an older woman and a younger guy, who fall in love and have a dream. It is a touching and sad movie, with an interesting premise and well written dialogue. It does not take long before the story and the acting come together to form a powerful story. This is the kind of movie that you never really feel like watching, but you don't know how to take your eyes away. I enjoyed this movie, and I hope to have it released on DVD someday. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, let me say that I liked the concept of "Hollywood Homicide."  It was a crime/life story of an "ordinary" Hollywood guy (as usual) and his family who gets killed one by one. The "good" side of the story is the good cop(s) who is on the case with the "bad" side, who goes after the guilty party and brings them to justice.  This movie is very believable and the "hollywood hero" doesn't have to act great, he works very well in a supporting role. The acting is great especially the actors (I love them all), it is full of great performances. Great job from all the actors in this great movie. I give this movie a 9/10. 9/5. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say I've been reading the book since I've seen it and it is awesome. I've only seen the movie the first time so far, and I love the movie more than the book. I don't care if the movie is a little longer, I just want to say that I am glad I don;t have to wait for the movie to come out. I love Jessica Simpson and I don'nt think she can act!  This is a very good movie that you don't need to be a big movie buff to enjoy. It has a good ending and Jessica Simpson is good. It is not a bad movie. It isn't that much fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is the story of two young people who meet each other in the cemetery during a storm. The two become friends and decide to make a journey to meet each another. While traveling, the two discover that there is an ancient book that has the power to move matter. The book is guarded by a knight who lives in a castle and is protected by a witch who lives on a mountain top. The witches of the book and the witch's castle are destroyed and the knight is rescued.  While waiting for the witches to come to rescue the fallen, the young man and the young woman discover that they need to find the book to save the witch.  The knight is guarded and guarded by the witches. The young woman meets a witch and they become friends. Together, they make a plan to defeat the witch and use the book as a weapon to defeat her.  I think this film is excellent. It's a great storyline with great acting and beautiful imagery. It also makes for a good film in the graveyard. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie with my girlfriend and it was hilarious. I can't say the same for the movie. It was great entertainment! The acting was great especially the lead, the story line, and the ending. It also made me laugh, it made me cry, and then I started to cry. I think this movie will bring tears to many eyes. I loved the movie and it made my day. I wish everyone else could enjoy it. I hope that they make a sequel soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite episodes of television history. I have been waiting for it to come on here for some time now.  I watched this film in 1974, and I am surprised that it is now airing on CBS.  This movie tells the story of two African-American teenagers, Michael and Brenda, who were caught up in a murder plot to kill a white girl.  The two boys played a great prank on Brenda. One of them even brought the body back to the hospital to be discovered and taken to court, and after the body was found to have been burned to the bone, the other boys were caught.   Michael's story was one of the many African-Americans portrayed by Robert De Niro in "The Godfather", and the only other African-Black family I know personally in the entire world.  Brenda's story in this movie was very powerful and very sad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I've been watching this movie for some years now, I can't take my eyes off the brilliant acting and brilliant story lines. A beautiful soundtrack, brilliant performances and great performances by all, but this film is truly stunning. It's beautiful in all aspects, and it's a true testament to the genius of Jack Nicholson and the brilliance of Michael Gorn.  As for the movie, this is probably one of the masterpieces of all time, and I think that's no hyperbole. It was directed by John Barry's former protégé and directed by Sam Peckinpah, who directed a truly great film when he directed this masterpiece. It had incredible visual effects, and the sound design was wonderful, and so was the music. The story has some truly wonderful characters in it, but the main characters are great performances from Michael GORN and Jack Nicholson.  If you like this movie, and you don't care for great music, you're going to love it. I've seen it all, and can honestly say that I've never seen anything like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie because it is really funny and i am very, very, disappointed in it and think that this movie is pretty underrated by the people who hated the movie in the beginning. It wasn't bad at all, but i liked it because it tried to do something a lot, and it succeeded. It was funny and well directed.   I also love the idea of the "joke" at the beginning, which was a very clever idea, and the ending was brilliant. The ending was very good, and i really hope that the movie can get more well done in the next sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am one of the few who have seen the show in the eighties, and I am glad I did. I had to see "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" first to appreciate how great this show was. The acting was great, and it is the wonderful writing and wonderful sets that made this show so great.  I hope one day shows like this one will come back. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised by this wonderful film. I can't remember anything similar to this movie, and I have seen it many times. The acting is superb, beautiful, and very entertaining. A wonderful cast, excellent special effects, great music. Excellent. Wonderful. Brilliant. Amazing beautiful. Perfect. Amazing masterful work. Perfect beautiful, beautiful and perfect. It has a very good ending, very touching, and great performances by all the cast. I don't know why this film was never put on DVD, as it is now available on tape.  I give it a 10/10. I hope this is on DVD. I would love to see this again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie that is, for me, the best of all. It's not bad acting, brilliant visuals, stunning cinematography, great directing, beautiful music. It has great atmosphere and great direction. All the actors are masterfully chosen. The story is solid and fascinating. It is a masterpiece, made in the end, which is something that you have to pay attention to. It takes no time at all to follow the story and to get the meaning of the plot. And it is not a waste of beautiful cinematography masterpieces, which are great films, but the film itself is fascinating, and it is great entertainment. It can also be a great art-movie, but it is definitely not a porn movie. It deserves a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Somewhere In Time" was a very exciting and fun fantasy movie. It is based on a novel by Neil Gaiman. The movie is about a woman (Mancuso) who is brought to the real world by her family's attempts at a reconciliation.   The plot is very similar to the novel and the acting is very imaginative and interesting. I loved the end of the movie and hope that there will be more movies from Neil Gaimen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterfully crafted a fine-looking story of modern Japan and the lives of its people. The music and lyrics are in perfect Japanese, the plot and theme are relevant to modern Japanese life and life in general. It is a story that can easily become boring after a few years, because it keeps on moving and makes the viewer to participate in the lives and activities of the people in it. The way the story is developed makes the movie more relevant to life in Japan and makes it more realistic.    The director's choice of colors, such as red and blue, to suit the movie is magnificent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is not as simple as others of the same genre, but also very entertaining. It's not hard to see why the critics hated it so much, because it isn't very well done, and it's not like the kind of movie you're used to from mainstream Hollywood fare, but it is certainly not as terrible as the usual Hollywood fare.  The first half of the movie is really good, the second half is great, and the ending is awesome.  Overall, great fun, great cast chemistry, great music, great cinematography, great special effects, great FX, great great FX and great fun. Enjoy!  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a wonderful time at the cinema on Saturday night, and it was a very emotional experience. I really was touched by the performances of all the cast and by the plot lines. The performances were so natural and beautifully nuanced. I was drawn into every scene and felt every second touched. I can't say the same for the movie, because it was so great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is great if you have nothing to do. I really enjoyed the story, it had a good plot, and the acting was superb. I also thought the music, and some of the songs was very good. The movie was great fun to watch. I am a big Ben Stiller fan, and I like his movies, but this one is awesome. I just love the movie, but I would love to have seen a lot more of Ben Stier's movies. I like the other Ben Stiers movies too, I loved 'Funny Games' and 'Delirious' as well, and this is one of his best. The other great movie I like is 'The Incredible Mr. Limpet'. I love that movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen it many times and every time I watch it I still have the same urge as before, to find it funny, so I watch a few episodes from the TV series and then one by one I start making fun of them, and soon I am laughing out loud in all kinds of emotions I haven't used before, as I have the urge to cry at the most absurd moments. It's a show that has grown up very good, as i have grown up with the show, and I'm just like those other people who have never seen it, who would probably think it's a waste of great humor.  So why was it so popular? Well, in the first season, it was funny, but I was already starting to get bored with the first few episodes of the series. In the last season, the series had gotten better, as the show became more serious. It was interesting to see all the different stories and it seemed like a good story for the fans to watch and discuss. In this show, everything has been so beautifully done, with great acting and great stories and great acting from all the actors. This show has matured and I can now watch it without any kind of expectations, and that makes me want to watch the next episode, which was very funny, and so it was a perfect fit.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the first 5 minutes of this movie, and they were awesome. I loved the second 5 minutes even more, but I loved that last scene very much. I still think that was the masterful scene. The whole movie was great fun and great acting. I hope to see this again.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been a huge Ramones fan since I was a kid and after seeing this I have never looked at the show the same way again. The acting is brilliant and the jokes are great. And I love all the songs - they are awesome. The show is a must see. I will never go on another talk show. If you like the Ramones - or if you don't, go and see this show. It will make you a fan of the show forever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie "The Oldest Man" is an emotional roller coaster. It's a film about two people, and it's hard to know whether they are a brother and a sister or a brother, and if they are, what their feelings about the other two are. However, the story is one of life, and the acting is masterfully realistic. The ending makes you feel that there is hope, and there is also sadness, and that miracles do happen.  I recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First things first. Let me start by saying that this is a very good film and that it is the best film i have ever seen. This is the first movie i have seen that is really about witchcraft and black magic and this is what i call a movie masterpiece. It is very entertaining and very creative. All the actors are very good and they all are very charming. I don't like the movie very much. It's very scary and i like the ending very much but i don't know if it is a great ending for the movie or a great movie. It has very good acting, very good direction and great cinematography. A very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short movie with great acting, beautiful scenery, fantastic soundtrack and great direction.It is not a movie about war, it is not about war and it is certainly not about killing.It isn't a movie that glorifies war,it is about the lives of people who have gone through it.The only person who did a great job in this movie was Rain Man's Barry Singer and he deserved the award for his outstanding performance.Also the two main roles of the main characters in the movie are the older brother of one of the combatants and the younger brother of the winner.Also I have to mention the superb performances of Tom Cruise and Steven Segal in the film as they are both excellent in their roles. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a story about a couple of divorced parents, and their struggles to heal. In this film we see how their lives have been shaped by divorce, and how their kids are impacted by the two. We also see the effect that this divorce has on their children and how it negatively affects them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I really enjoyed this movie. It was very emotional, it touched me, and made me laugh so hard, that i wanted to tell the director, to tell him how beautiful and amazing it was. He showed me how it was supposed to be. I saw it with my kids, and they loved it as well. I gave it a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I think this is a great film with a good story and good acting. I think it is a good film and I think the DVD is a must see. This movie is not very over rated, although I am surprised that this movie is underrated. This is a decent story, but it is not over the top. It was great for the time. I was amazed when it came out and it made me not hate it, which is one of the reasons I gave it a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of the most touching and uplifting documentary film I've ever seen. It's got heart, but that's not a bad thing. It has a unique beauty, but is not sentimental. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a perfect blend of drama, romance, comedy, horror and suspense all rolled into one. I love all of these. But I especially love the first three. I thought the ending was perfect, but that is how it should be. A great cast with great chemistry and great direction, it captured the essence of the movie, and it succeeded in doing it well. This is a great film, but it should not be missed. I give it a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies ever made! It's simple and down to heart, and not as silly as I have come to expect from a B movie.  I think I like it very much, especially the plot. I especially liked the way the acting was, especially from all the actors. The story is very interesting and I found myself enjoying every minute of it. I'm not a big Michael Cooney fan, but I like him very much.  All in all, I enjoyed it. It is a very good movie with a good plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a movie, made by director Hideo Nakata, about the relationship between an older woman and a younger man, who meet in a hospital and become friends. The hospital is run by Dr. Togashi, who has his own special treatment for heart disease and is assisted by Dr Kusano, who is also on the hospital's staff. Both of these doctors treat the patients differently, and each of their lives is a little different. The film is not simply about a hospital, but about the lives of the patients there. There is also the theme of a doctor who is obsessed with his duty to help people, even though his wife has died and left him alone in the hospital. The ending of the film reminds us of the end of "Doctor Frankenstein", which is a very dark and depressing movie. It also has the theme that there is a person who will be killed in this world, and that they can have a happy ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a man who comes home from work one day and his wife calls to tell him about the death of their daughter and she is dead. But he comes home to find that she has been dead for more than a year and he and his son have made a beautiful life for themselves. They are going to meet again at the cemetery and he tells his story of the life of a deceased wife and his thoughts of the deceased. The deceased wife is a very good lady and has lived to an age of 100, so the son has a chance to meet his deceased one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is not about the relationship between a guy and a woman in the traditional sense. The movie has strong themes and some of them are good, but they're not overdone. The music is interesting and it works its magic.  The story is a bit slow to start, but it's really intriguing.  Overall, great movie. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a beautiful, dark, and twisted movie. The film features a plot and some beautiful cinematography that is reminiscent of the great indie films. The acting is good, the cinematography great, the direction masterfully crafted, and the overall beautiful feel of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Wayward Cloud" is the story of two lonely souls, living together in a small mining town, who are going through a bout of life and find that the other has left the town for the big city.  In order to escape the loneliness, the two must go through a journey, but when they meet each other on a bridge, it sparks their passion.   It is hard to say how this movie will influence the big screen, but hopefully one day it will happen.  The acting is superb, especially from the two leads: Sam Wisker and Darlanne Fluegel. Sam has an interesting story, but also has an annoying way of being annoying. Darlan is not all that interesting, but has a good way of not being annoying at all.  "There's a big mountain in the middle of nowhere"  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an animated and funny movie. There are many different types of animals and this movie doesn't fall into any one of them. It's not about animals at all, it's about animals and nature in general. The animals are cute and all the characters are interesting and very humanlike.  This movie is very good in every way and it's probably my favorite.  I am very happy when I see it and I'm looking for it to come on Disney or nick at all. I like animals as much as the next person, but I don't mind animals that are cute. I'm glad this came on at such a short notice. I thought I would have more fun watching it at the end of my weekend, but it worked great. I don;t want to watch it again, but my roommate and I are going to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who's lived with cerebral palsey and has lived with it for over fifty years, I have to say that this movie is stunning. It was a brilliant piece of acting, beautiful cinematography, beautiful settings, great use of color and great use. It's stunning. And that's not a compliment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a romantic comedy that centers on a woman who marries her true love at first sight, and she seeks the company of her long lost husband only to find out he has moved out, and wants to start over.  The movie features an amazing cast of supporting actors and wonderful performances by Claire Danes and Michael Caton-the-salt-beach-island, the latter's performance especially poignant and shocking.  This movie will be released on video, and is available for purchase on DVD by Amazon.com or Barnes&Co. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was fresh and very heartfelt. There are several points of contention, as stated by the IMDb users. Firstly, it is obvious that this is not a straight-to-the-point movie about the Irish rebellion. It is, rather, a touching and touching story about the women's struggle for the emancipation of their country from British rule.   The actors are strong, and the movie is well directed.  The scene where the Irish soldiers are besieged by the British forces and the rebel's guns are taken away from them, is moving and brutal. It shows how they were not only fighting for their country's freedom, but for their very lives and how they had to endure torture and abuse from British soldiers and the British authorities.  I love the idea of the Irish rebels being so brave and brave, and I love that it shows that there were good people, and that there was not only a British soldier who was a hero in this.  This movie shows how the Irish fought for their freedom. It also shows how British soldiers were so indifferent to their country and treatment of their people that they were used to kill off the rebels and use their guns to shoot them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason I'm giving this movie such great praise is because it's one of the masterpieces from the great director, Sergio Martini.  This movie is one of Martini's best. The story is very well put together. There are great performances from the actors, the script, the direction and the cinematography, as well as great music and great images. The special effects are beautiful and incredible. The script is great and the best scene is one that makes you question: what is the purpose of life and the universe?   I have a lot of respect for Martini and I also have a big respect for the great Italian directors and their great Italian films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A charming film, with good story, and decent photography, but this one is a must-see for all. A beautiful tale of friendship, deceit and deception, and the tragedy that can befall any of us if we are ever foolish enough to put our trust in someone else.  This is a story of lost innocence and how the two thieves (played by Robert Downey Jr. and Michael Caine) learn to live together after their loss. It's an unlikely story that doesn't glorify Hollywood, and instead, it's a believable one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a very big fan of Michael Keaton's work, and I'm very happy to have finally seen his work in the main picture, and it was a pretty good movie. I liked the script, and the directing. I found the cinematography great, especially the action scenes.  It had a very good story, but it had a good ending.  The movie was very well made, I recommend you to see it, you will be sorry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to say that the story has stood the test of time. This is a very emotional story about a young woman and her search for her own identity and the relationship she has with the man she loves. This film is a tear-jerker, with a lot of the scenes being hard to watch, but the ending makes you feel bad.  It has a very strong ending, and a surprising ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have any clue how to make a great movie and have not seen this gem, you are genius. Brilliant and brilliantly directed. I love the music, the story and the acting of the main character. The film is full of suspense and suspense, suspense and tension. The audience is put to great test, with the viewer guessing the outcome of the plot. The director does a masterful job of blending reality with fiction, so you know what the end is going to be. The main character is one of many, but the viewer is left with no doubt that he is a murderer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film, a true story, that could be seen in any old high school drama class. It's the kind of movie that the director can use to make a statement, and the audience can't help but notice that. It is a realistic portrayal of an event that could have happened to anyone.  If you see it as a movie, then you won't be disappointed. I've seen movies about the JFK assassination, for example.  This movie focuses on the reaction of the public to the shocking news of the assassination of John F Kennedy.  It's not a "hit-man" movie. It shows the public's reaction to the tragedy of a real person, and you can see that through your own eyes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie from the beginning. I love the first few minutes, and after that I became hooked, and love it. It kept moving great smoothly. It was great and beautiful, and there is great music in it, which makes me feel all warm and fuzzy. I hope the actors do a great job, and I hope that the whole world can enjoy this wonderful movie. This is the first movie where I saw all my favorite actors in a beautiful setting. I don't think I will ever forget this movie, because if I do, I will look up to the sky and thank God that I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of the great things about this movie is that the special effects are beautiful, and the special effect is very creative. I've seen some of the other comments and think they're all wrong. I thought this movie was excellent beautifully. The best scene is the one where a couple is in the pool and a wonderful scene with great acting, great directing and great special effect, great creative use of beautiful colors and great great special effects. Brilliant, beautiful and great fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, the beautiful Fall shots, taken in the Spring and the Autumn are intercut with the scenes from the 1930's. The Spring shots are in shadow, the Summer shots are on trees, the Autumn shots are at the sea, the Winter shots are the woods and the Summer scenes are at night. These two sets were combined to create a stunning image, and the best part is that the film contains no music, just beautiful shots of Fall shots interspersed with beautiful Fall scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film in many different parts in the past, and I have been to many films with good actors. But I find that it was an enjoyable film. The plot is simple, concise and well thought-out. The cinematography masterfully captured the mood of the time, and the characters are all believable and well-rounded. The story moves at a nice pace, with a very strong theme of progress. The director also used some of the same camera techniques from other films.  Overall, this is a great film, and is definitely not to be missed by anyone. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when it was first released in 1981. It was not too bad, but the story was intriguing and it was well acted. The characters are unique and all of them have a very powerful and interesting life. It is a very emotional film and I think it has to be seen to be believed. I really do not know why it was so popular and why this film was never given to the general public. I can only assume that because of the late Michael Caine's involvement in this film that was never meant to be understood by the general populace.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the first movie, in which a couple find a mysterious book, and it starts to appear in their dreams, was a great start for this film, and the ending was good as well. I thought the ending of the film was great, and I loved every second of it, the first time I've seen it, I haven't seen it since. It had great ending, great cast, great directing, brilliant music, and great special effects. I also thought the main character was beautiful, I loved the ending and I hope they will make another one. I'm glad I saw this film at a midnight screening, this was a very good start, and more great films in the future. I love the movie, the main characters are very cool, and i have to say that the movie is very emotional and very disturbing, the acting is beautiful, and some scenes were really shocking. The ending was very good, and very scary, and in some parts i really felt like i was watching the first real movie in my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie for the first time when it came out and was impressed with it. The way the characters were developed, especially the way that they reflected the different lives of the different characters. You felt for the characters and were moved to pity them.  I am not a big Michael Haneke fan. I love him. He has done so many great movies and this one fits right into the category. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this show, and want to buy it, even though it is a low budget film, I would still pick it up. I like it, and think I can understand why this movie is rarely shown to much interest. The cast is good, and the cinematography master works beautifully. The story is good as well. The characters are believable and so are the main actors. It is not bad that this movie was shown in the UK. It was shown on Sky Movies in the U.S.A. in the Spring of 2006. I did not like it as much as the other show it was not based on, The Dandy Warhols. I have been looking for it on DVD for ages, and have searched for it in various online stores. This is the best show I have ever seen, and I hope it will make it to the bottom 100. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The title of this film, THE MONEY PIT, is the title of a play written by William Shakespeare and dramatized by one of his followers. The play is set on a stage in a theatre and the story is acted out in the back of the theatre by actors from the audience. Shakespeare then goes to the side of the stage manager and directs him to be the actor to play the lead role. He then asks the actor, "Why play this part?" The actor says, "I'm the king of all the people, I'm the son of a commoner named John." He then says, "...and the name is John?"    Shakespeare then says to the stage Manager, "Let's play the game. This man will win a prize of ten thousand pounds. And the money he gives me, shall I give him?" He then gives the man a sum of money and says to him, "Well, you've won a great game."  Then he leaves the man in charge with a choice: Either he can play the part of a man or he can do nothing."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The best movie I've seen in the last few years is "Maniac", "The Dead Code" is a very intriguing horror-thriller and I was curious about "Mancini's resurrection", and was amazed by the direction and masterful performance of Giancarlo Giannini. "Mantiac" has a very good storyline and has all the old scares in one package, I liked the fact that it wasn't really all that scary, but very suspenseful.  The cinematography is quite good and the atmosphere is great, and the story is intriguing. Giancar lo Giannino is superb as the protagonist and I can't believe he did a good job in the lead, it was a very nice touch. The special effects are good, the soundtrack is very good, and there's plenty of creepy atmosphere and suspense to keep the viewers scared.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had the wonderful experience of watching this film as an independent film student at Wesleyan University in 1969. It was a time when the United States was in the process of its "free Trade" policies, when foreign investment was in agriculture, when the U.S. was getting involved in the Panama Canal and was losing our manufacturing jobs, when new technology was being developed, and a whole new world was coming. And, yes, the whole anti-globalization movement was happening at the time, and there were some pretty good anti-establishment and anti-corporatism movements at the same time. And it was because the movie was well made and very relevant. The acting was excellent, and the story was interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good, original, almost surreal and surprisingly realistic thriller. The characters are well developed, the story is intriguing and has good moments, but there are few clichés. And that's not necessarily a bad thing.  The film is very atmospheric and I personally think the landscapes and the people are stunning, especially in the dark scenes.  If you liked "The Golden Child", this is a must-see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is funny, but is a failure in the movie industry. I am surprised that such great people like Steven Soderbergh, Richard Linklater, Larry Miller, and William H Macy (amongst others) agreed to make a movie that has so great imagination and great timing. I have seen many movies that are much much funnier than this one. They have wit, and some of them have more sense of humour than this great film. A great story and great script, great acting, great directing, great music, great special FX, great amazing special FX. Wonderful great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was made in 1948, the year that the first atomic bomb was used. I don't know if this was the first time a person walked on to a train platform and the plane that they were on was destroyed by an Atomic bomb. It is interesting to see what the reaction of the Japanese was to this. The people were not allowed to go back to their home village and the life there was very close to normal and very difficult. I thought this was very well done and very touching. The movie was a very important movie to show the people of Japan that they would not be allowed to live there again. This movie showed that the Japanese were not like ordinary Japanese that had not suffered much from war and they were not the people that the war had destroyed in the countries that they lived in. The Japanese were ordinary people, but that they had very strong emotions. I didn't understand why the Japanese did not show this emotion during the war, but it was probably because they were scared of what would happen to them if they tried to rebuild their lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I first saw this film as a child, and as I recall, it was quite enjoyable. The acting was superb and masterful, and the plot brilliant. The story is very touching, and although the actors are well-known, I hope that others will soon learn to appreciate this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film ever. It's really quite good. A very good film, very original. And I've seen it all. I've never been a big Ramones fan, but after this wonderful film I'm not surprised by the lack of it.   The direction is unique, and the film is well directed, and in some scenes, you can see that the camera was very close to the actors. Also, the editing is great, the soundtrack is great.  It is a wonderful film, and I'd recommend it to anyone. It should be in the same genre as Ramones'. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "O nolo Mio" ("No One Sleeps") is a wonderful film from director Roberto Sarno, directed by Sarnos' brother, Gianni Antonini, and directed by the great Italian cinematographer Stefania Rocca.  "No One sleeps" is about two young Italians, Gianfran and Gianni, and their attempts to make a living together. They are so unhappy about their living arrangements, that they try to escape their neighbors. When they do, they run into an old man (Sarno) who also has a dream of escaping his own problems.  Sarnoi is a brilliant Italian cinematography and his works are full of life and life like atmospheres. The story of Gianfron and his dreams may seem strange, but it is a very common story, it is about a guy who tries to escape his problems with his family, which he is unable to do. It is a pity that this story is so short. The film is well directed and beautiful. Sarnois' masterpiece has a lot of problems and the director is very good at adapting to different types of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny, original movie, the only one i have seen so far. Its about a couple of friends that make up a prank on each other every now and then, which is pretty much all i ever did. Its a cute film, but its not dumb funny. I loved it! Its funny, but I don't think I will ever forget it. Its not as bad as i was expecting of the other movies in the "Kirshner" series, and the last few movies i liked. I like the plot and the humor. I think the director is great, but also i liked the movie he did with "Punisher", and I loved the movie "Hollywood Ending" as much as the movie this one is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I like the movie, it is very well made, but not a masterpiece. The story is very good and there are great performances. The direction is masterfully crafted. The music is beautiful and the beautiful Fall shots are breathtaking. There are some great performances and the cinematography is stunning. The best scenes are the one where the girl is in the house with the rain and the trees are changing colors.  I enjoyed it and hope one day there will be a sequel, more realistic and beautiful! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was a kid. It was my first exposure to the music of Pink Floyd and I still love that as a piece of art, even though I understand it to be a metaphor for the artist.  My personal favorite song is probably "Careful With That Axe, Eugene," which is about an artist trying to make a masterpiece out of his own image.   There are some beautiful and very disturbing moments in the movie, but there are also just plain weird moments. I mean, how can you sleep when the scene with the butcher chopping open a woman's legs is just so intense, and you can tell it's not a horror film, but a great masterpiece of art? Incredible beauty!  But the best thing about the movie is the great performance of the lead singer. He is a very good singer, but he is just perfect in his portrayal of the role. You can tell he's an incredible talent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love all the films of this "Lions Gate" series, but this one takes the cake. It is wonderfully paced, well filmed, and most of all, beautifully photographed! The story is one of a kind, not a romance, and it is a romance with a twist. The direction is masterful, the camera works beautifully and the music perfectly captures the mood of the movie. The ending is stunning, the music is beautiful and the entire movie is great. I enjoyed it, and I hope I get the chance to see it again! I am so sad that this movie did not have an ending, and would love to see another one.   I have a question to ask myself: How did this great movie come to life? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very well developed, the characters well-rounded, and the performances masterfully crafted.  The acting is brilliant, and so is the direction. It is the masterful skill of the director to bring life to the characters he works with, and to realize the full range of their experience.  I found the movie wonderfully touching and disturbing, and I am glad I have seen it. It was very emotional and yet very touching and sad.   The cinematography, cinematography masterfully chosen, and beautiful music enhance the experience. The story, while a bit bleak and hard to believe, was powerful and very moving.  It's a pity the movie is in black and white, which is a pity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love it! The story is very real and down to heart, and I think that this movie should have been in a similar category with "The Great Santini".  The script is great and the movie is great, and this is a great movie.   I was pleasantly surprised by the portrayal of Dandola, the main heroine in the movie. She is a fine actress with a very natural talent. She also has an excellent sense of humor. Her beauty and beauty, and the music are superb. The actors are great as well, especially the lead actress. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are looking for a good film, this is the one to go for. I am not one to be missed, but I am surprised that so few people know this film exists. I would love to know where did it come from? The film was released in 1968, and I have seen it about 25 times in the last 20 years, but never bothered to look at the cover of the DVD case. So, if you are a true movie fan, you should know what you are getting. You are going to love this film. If you love to watch real American movies, you will love this. I have to say, I really liked it! The movie is a classic of that genre. I don't know how I could forget it. This is the kind of movie that made me want to go back to the '70's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember the first time I ever saw this movie, I was about 15 years old and was in love with it, but I had to go to a screening to prove to myself that this was a real movie. So when I walked in to the theater to watch this amazing film, I went in, expecting a great romantic comedy. I had wonderful surprise. It was great, but the story was real and I loved every second of it. If you have the chance to see this movie now, don't. It is a great film and there are many things that make it even more special.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was an excellent movie with some great acting and a good story. It reminded me alot of "Patton" - one of my favorite films of all time. The way the soldiers dealt with war and the Japanese occupation reminded me of "The Last Command" - which is one of the many films that made in WWII, even though most of them are still made. The ending reminded me much of the ending of "Gunga Din", although I am not a big fan of the film, but I did enjoy the way the story of the Japanese soldiers and the American troops in World War II was dealt with.  I would like to add that this film was made in 1993, so that is why the rating of 8.6 is used. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It's a great mix of comedy, action, romance, drama and just plain fun. It has a good cast and good story lines, and it is really a fun movie with very little boring moments. I recommend it to anyone who wants to laugh and enjoy a fun time. It is the 2nd lowest rated movie of all time, and is not very popular. I really think people are getting too serious with their rating systems. I hope one day they will give this movie the highest rating, and if that happens this movie will certainly be No. 1. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this movie when I was a kid and it was on the television at that time. It's very funny, the whole family is dumb and I can't get enough of it. It is a very underrated movie and I wish they made a sequel to this wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I enjoyed this movie because it was a very good one - the story is very good - the acting is great great and the beautiful landscapes and mountains are stunning.  The movie is a very impressive one - there are some great performances and a good plot. The acting is superb - the beautiful scenery and the great actors make the movie great.   The plot is very simple and very good. It is very believable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie at the Philly Independent Film Festival, and I still keep it to myself. It is very well-acted, and the story is very interesting. I don't think the story has a weak ending. It's very strong and very believable. I can't remember anything like it. But I love the acting and the beautiful setting, which reminds me of my hometown. It seems to be a story about the young, restless people who live near the beach in Northern Jersey. It reminded me of the kind of people who have dreams. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a very good and funny movie. I really enjoyed it. It was very sweet and beautiful, and I really felt like I got to know the characters. The movie was so charming and I would recommend it to anyone. It is a very sad movie and I hope that there will be many more movies that will come out. It should have come out about 3 or 4 years ago. I think that was too short. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is set in the rural area of the Indian state of Rajasthan. It is a very low-budget film - a stunningly beautiful picture. The script is simple and full of life, full of adventure and adventure. The actors all turn in great performances. It has beautiful music, beautiful visuals, and beautiful dialogs. I would like to note that the director and producer are Gujarati and not Indian. The production is beautifully filmed. A great cast for a small movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love how all of the kids (and the parents) are so sweet and happy that it makes you want to go out and do something creative yourself! I am looking forward to seeing it again. It is a really fun and imaginative movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty straight-forward and uplifting film. I found it surprising and thought the film was great. The characters are strong and believable, and although there is some serious fighting scenes, it never got dull. It's not really hard to tell who's side a person is on, but it's definitely not the side of the bad guys. I really love the ending.  The movie is good and it has a pretty good score. The fight scenes are very realistic and the special effects are awesome.  All in all, great movie and a great soundtrack. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie starts with an attack by an unknown disease which kills everyone it touches. In the beginning, the main character (who we later find out is the son of the main hero of the movie) and his friends try to survive in a devastated city, which is run by a group of people who have the disease, which causes people to live a normal life and experience the horrible things that are happening around them.  The story develops and a great deal of mystery begins to surround the main villain, but we get a lot more to it when the illness starts to affect the people and the way they interact with each other.   It is a great movie, with great performances by the main actors.  7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie, and I think everyone else did as well. I don't think this movie is as good as I have come to expect from the IMDB. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very enjoyable movie. The whole movie is full of action, suspense, suspense and action. The story is very interesting and the movie is not over the top. The film is well directed, I would recommend this movie to everyone who likes to see action, martial art and romance films. The action is very exciting and I would give it a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was one of the masterpieces from the brilliant Mr. Antonioni, one of his quieter comedies. It is a funny and naive Italian movie that was made for a very small audience. It should not be taken seriously, as it is not meant to be taken as a serious comedy. It only needs to be seen once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie, like the first one, is a brilliant romantic drama set in modern Japan. The romance, which takes place in a Japanese prison, is complicated by the fact that the main character is a Japanese convict, and the convict is a convict. The ending of the first movie is so touching, and has such meaning for the movie, that I am shocked that such a great Japanese movie was made in the 70's, and that it was not shown on TV.   I have to admit, this movie still has some of the elements that are typical of a romantic Japanese movie. Like a movie about love or a movie of a crime, I expect that the story would be set in a modern Japan, and not in a medieval Japan. But I also want to note, that in spite of the fact, that the characters in this movie have different ages, the actors are very all Japanese. I think that is a sign of how realistic it is, and I like it.  This was one of the very best Japanese movie I have ever seen, but the ending was too sad. I hope that the next time I see a Japanese movie, it will be a more realistic movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good, very funny film. It is a spoof of the British television show "The Vicar of Dibley" and features the cast of the Vicar's, The Vicar and Dudley Doone. This is one of the most famous spoofs ever made and it has inspired countless imitators.   I would rate it highly if I could. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know why this movie has so few IMDb users. I found this movie wonderful and intriguing and it was so beautifully filmed. The story of the journey of a mother's search for her lost daughter and the mother's interaction with the daughter's new guardian in this world of mirrors and illusions is very believable, but there are many surprising and heart-breaking scenes, especially when the mother sees her daughter's reflection in the mirror and her life changes in the next instant.  The best scene in the entire movie is the mother talking to her daughter and daughter about the mirror. This scene was also stunning and sad. The mother had been in her room when she saw the reflection of her daughter, and was so distraught that she called for help. She called for her daughter to stay with her and said, "I don't understand."  The mother is a mirror image of the mother of the child. The woman has become so lonely and emotionally depressed that she has become the mirror image. The real mother, on the other hand, is the real person.  I am not saying the mother was the real mother. It was very believable that the mother would be that mirror, and not the mother. I do think the mother and daughter were mirror images of each other, and I think that is why the mother acted so out of character and acted like she was going to lose her daughter.  It is sad that the director found the perfect way to portray both of these stories, which were very powerful and powerful and yet very believable.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when I was fourteen years old, it was an adaptation of a short story that was told in the book "Wuthering Heights", I liked it, but I hated it. I mean, what a great story this really was. The characters were interesting and wonderful and it really made the film more realistic. The acting was great, and so was the beautiful scenery, beautiful locations and great settings. It was also beautiful to see such beautiful actors, because this was a movie about them. It wasn't that the characters were realistic, because the story was good, but also that it wasn't a movie with no story to tell. I don't think the movie was successful in any way, but the story and the actors worked wonderfully together. I also enjoyed that the plot evolved the characters, and it was very believable.  I was so impressed with the direction, cinematography and brilliant costumes, that I stayed and I watched it again, even after seeing it again a year later.  The songs were lovely and I also thought that there was a very good song in there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As another review has noted, this film is a great example of a good, simple story. In the words of one of the main characters in the film:  I saw it at the Mplex film festival in Sydney on November 10th 2008.  It was the first film of director David V. Levinson, who made such an impact with his short film, The Man with the Gun, and it remains his most accessible work.  I watched this film first, and I found it to be a fascinating, though disturbing, and disturbing film. The film is filled with scenes of torture, sexual abuse, and mutilation, and is sometimes graphic in its representation of such atrocity. The main story of the film, which I can't divulge, is that the main character is abused by a man who takes pictures of people in his home with a camera and takes photographs of their torture.   The plot is interesting, and the plot has great depth. The scenes are brutal, the acting is beautiful, and there is a general sense of unease throughout the film.  All in all, a very good film. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am always surprised with such a good film, especially when you consider the actors involved. It is a very interesting look into the relationship of a father, a father who has lost his son to a very serious disease and his son's friend has taken his place.  The film is not overly emotional, but it is touching, especially in the scenes with the father.  I have to mention that I don't like the story very much. It makes for an interesting movie, although not for the same reasons as the other.  This is not a romantic film, although I am not against a story. I have a soft spot for sad and drugged out movies, but this one fits the bill. It's an adult film with no sex. The only thing that annoyed me was the soundtrack. Very beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First of all I have to say that the title of this movie is not "Sons of Anarchy". Anarchy never comes close to describing the true nature of this film. The title "SONS OF AN ANARCHY" is used to describe a more chaotic, chaotic, violent society. This film was a true story of people who were caught up in the last decade and just found that their world was collapsing around them. This movie is about people who are stuck in a bubble and are able to keep their thoughts of rebellion and powerlessness to themselves. The ending is really tragic and sad. I really hope that everyone in this movie finds their way out of the bubble they have to live in and to find something that they can do that will make them happy again.   This is a great film and I hope that it has an effect on people who feel like they have been robbed of something they want. I recommend people not watch it unless they are caught up with a bad dose of reality. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I liked this movie because it was different from the rest of the series.  The plot is something I could take or leave, but after watching this masterfully crafted masterpiece I'm not sure how I felt. It's a great film that can be appreciated by anyone.  This is a movie that will entertain you from the time it is shown on TV to the time you leave the cinema. It was enjoyable, I would recommend this movie to anyone with a life or death situation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a very interesting and very powerful.  I have seen the movie at about 2 or 3 times so far and have been very impressed by it, mainly because of the plot and the direction, but also because of it's performances.  As a first-time viewer I would have liked to see a lot more, the story is very interesting, and the movie is so powerful, that I really don't want to spoil anything, just let the movie speak for itself and let me know what my expectations were.  The main character in the movie was very strong and powerful, even more than the rest of the cast. I felt that he was an old friend, and I hoped that the movie would have made him stronger, as the movie didn't do that well at all.  My only disappointment was that there was not enough of the other characters, that the story didn't delve into them as much as it should have.  So overall, great movie, great direction and great performances. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very pleased with the movie as it was not a "Hollywood movie", it was a great movie and I think the acting was great. The story is great and great but the best part was the wonderful cast. The best performance by me was by the great Mr. Antonioni. He played the part of the young lover and the great part was played by Mr. Genn. His interpretation of "Ceasar's dream" is so beautiful and wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best horror movie I've seen! It is very suspenseful, scary, and suspenseful. I saw this movie when I was little, and now it is a part of my life. I don't know why this movie scared me so much when I first saw it as a kid, it was because of the great acting and great direction. Also, I've read the book several times, and I think that this movie is very scary.  I just hope that the movie gets good votes from the horror fans. I want this movie to be scary! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this when I was a kid and my parents taped it and I got fascinated. So I went to see the movie and my opinion was shaped in such great form by the superb performance of Jack Frost, who was a superb character actor. I was so impressed by the performance that I became a fan of Jack. His performance in this film was so powerful that I actually wanted to throw something at the screen when I saw it. My favourite character was the one played by Edie McClurg, but the supporting characters were so diverse and great. I have to recommend this film to anyone who enjoys a good dose of realism and a touch of camp. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is hard to believe this is one of the masterpieces of the modern cinema. This is a wonderful, original and quite unique piece of work, not a love story, and it has a good ending.  I have never heard of it, and I am really amazed that it made it to the IMDB bottom 100. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen the movie in my youth and was shocked that a girl of my age could find it creepy and not me.  I'm a very big James T. Flocker fan but this movie was brilliant! I wish I could remember it as I was fascinated by it and I can't, it was a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as this movie is concerned, I don't think you will be disappointed. The acting masterfully captures the spirit of the story in a believable manner, the story is believable and the story of the lives of the two main characters, although a bit duller in the beginning, keeps progressing well and steadily until the end.  The direction is beautiful, cinematography beautifully filmed, the use of light and shade is great. It is really worth checking out if you like movies that look like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only reason why this is not more well-known is because of the fact that it was made in the late '80s (and was released in the early '90s) when there were a few major Hollywood hits in the theaters (the movie was made during a very intense period of time, and some of those films were pretty good).  One of the great performances in the movie is of the legendary Albert Finney. He is not quite a top-notch actor as was portrayed by the great Walter Huston, and he is quite good in his role as the son of a coal-miner father and an angry father (he gets his coal by being blackmailed). The movie also has great performances by the actors in it, especially from Albert Finneys brother, Jeff Finney (who plays the coal-mine operator), and Finney himself.   If you want to see a good documentary on how the mining industry has changed since the early 1900s, and how it affects the people who live near the mines, I would recommend The Mines. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen this movie when I was 8 years old, I really liked it. But it wasn't that great, it was great fun.  This movie was good, it wasn;s not terrible, I think, I was really great fun, but it was a fun one. But I recommend you to watch it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful movie.  I'm so glad I saw this movie when I was a kid, when my mum bought me the books. I would always watch it, even when my dad would come home and ask me to watch it again. I always got scared of the big spider.  The little girl would always get scared by the big spiders. And I would never, ever, ever scared by a spider. I still do.  So now when I see a scary movie, I don't always get freaked out, because I know it's not real. I know what's going to happen, I'm still in the book, I know the characters are in the same room as me, so I know that there's no escape. But I still want to be scared. And so now I know I'm not freaked. And that's what freaked me out.  My favourite character is the spider. It's the freaky little girl in the spider web. And the little boy was a very freaky spider, too.  All of the other characters were really good. But they were all the great characters in the whole movie. I think that made the movie great.  If you see this movie, you will realise that this movie is a very good film. I hope that you can find the copy and watch this wonderful movie, so you can realise that it is a wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces of the "Bond movie" genre, this movie is about a woman who is caught in the middle of an inferno and ends up in a hospital. There she meets with an old friend, played by Gwyneth Paltrow, a woman in dire need of a heart transplant.  This movie is one of those movies that you can either ignore or watch over and over again. It's filled with excellent scenes, including the old friend asking the woman to join a cult, and the woman asking the old man to join the cult. The scene in the hospital where the woman asks Gwyn to join her cult, is one I've seen hundreds of times before, and I don't see the same reaction as in this great movie.  I'd say the film is well worth watching over and Over again, but I'd give it a solid 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very sweet romantic fantasy comedy about a couple who are trying to find themselves after their long time together and there is only one problem. They must overcome their feelings of loss, loneliness, loss of love and finally find the meaning of life. This movie is one of the masterpieces of this director. A very touching, romantic and bittersweet fantasy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not often that I have seen such masterpieces from an Australian director and it is quite a unique one!  In this movie, John Singleton does not have to rely on the standard "chasing the action" that most Australian action films utilize. Instead, he takes a more intelligent approach. His characters are realistic, not typical of Hollywood's style. The action sequences are realistic in that regard and it makes the whole film believable.  The story has a lot of twists and turns, which I found quite exciting and exciting, but they all make sense later on. The ending is fantastic and the plot has great surprises!  My only criticism of this masterful film is that it is not listed in the "Top 250" of IMDB. It deserves a higher rating, and deservedly so! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is one of those masterpieces of a movie that is so brilliant and wonderful you cant take your eyes away. A masterful performance from William H Macy and wonderful comic timing from all the cast and crew. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie, which is actually quite original in some parts, has two parts, the first of which is a rather boring tale of a girl with a severe case of palsey and the second a story about a girl who comes into the life of a disabled painter. In both cases, the movie is actually more entertaining than the story itself. In the first, the story of the painter, a very good story, in the second, a good story.  The music is quite different from the movie, both musically and in style, and it is very enjoyable. In addition to the great music in the first movie, the director also makes use of some scenes that look rather strange, in a few instances, and these are actually the main reason that this movie is not much like the first one.  All in all, this is a good, fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to believe how incredible and beautiful this film was. It's not something I've seen before, and I can't remember it. But, as someone who loved it, I can remember one thing: the way the director used it. The beauty and romance was mesmerizing and romantic. And, the way he used it to portray the way that people are meant to feel about life, was moving and powerful. It was beautiful to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "I was in the army in the early 1980's and it was a very stressful time for me and my brothers. We got a few training videos, but it was not enough. We watched it at least once a year"    The DVD contains a short story on the history of the U.S. Naval Airships (Blimps) in the 1940's and also a history of how the UTA became the Navy Airship Association. The movie tells how each member of the association flew their aircraft and how they got their "wings" and "bulletproof" aircraft (bullet proof can be destroyed by a small explosion)   After his death, one of the members of the Navy admitted to being a "pilot" of a "flying fortress" (the Navy Airships) and later confessed that he had used "fraudulent" methods to get around the Navy's restrictions. He had gotten all his training from "A Flying Fortress" in 1940 and had received his "wings", "bullets" and other items from his former instructors.  When the Navy finally gave him a "lie" about his actions, his "brothers" tried to stop him from "saying the truth" about what he had done.  This movie does show the Navy at work. It shows the Navy "going after" a man who had been a "salt-loving" man and "specially" a person who had changed his mind about the "proposition" of the Airship. It also shows the "new" Airship (Airship A) and how the Navy tried to "break" that "new Airship" by getting the "solarisation" of his "enemy".  The movie also shows how the "New" Airships, with their new "bulging" design and new "wing" equipment, were able to fly out of a Naval Airship at sea and "jump" into the air in "near daylight" (when the sun was at a height of 3,000 to 4,000 metres) with no need for "clothing" (bullets and other "bulgy" things) to protect them from the "hards of war".  This is the story of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love watching this show on TV (and I do), and I'm sad when I see the comments.   The only reason I watched it is because I like it and I enjoy it, but the main reason I'm glad I didn't pay to see it.  It's about a young woman named Hannah who gets an offer to be a part of the show, which is the reason why she decides to take a leap and accept. It's a lot of fun and adventure, and while I enjoy the adventure aspect, it's really nothing special.  I have been waiting for this show to come back for about 2 years, and it hasn't come.  However, if you are a person who likes the adventure portion of this show, I would really recommend you to watch this show!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story may seem a bit silly, but there is plenty of action and laughs to be had, but the action is pretty intense and the dialog is full of great ideas. There is some great special effects, and the special FX are awesome. I like the way the fighting is very realistic. The characters are believable, and there is a good plot. I would recommend this to any fan of ninjas. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a time when Hollywood was at its most powerful and mainstream, "B" movies were not nearly as exciting as we are now.  Sure, the studio had to release them for money and marketing and there was a lot of money involved, but the movies were interesting enough and entertaining enough that audiences didn't really care for them.  This movie is not a perfect movie, nor is it a perfect snapshot of a "B"-movie. It has plenty of its own style, which makes it unique and even more fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film on TV about 30 times now, so it should have been on the video a lot sooner. This is one of the masterpieces of Australian cinema. It is an incredible story, with real-life issues and characters being dealt with realistically. This film has won several awards and it was even nominated for the Australian Film Industry's best film award.  The acting is excellent, the story and the direction great. The film is also quite dramatic, the characters are believable and it is interesting and well made. The use of music and sound effects and music is also great.  This is a film that is very hard to pass up, but I hope it gets a good distribution. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had my doubts about this film from the beginning; I was very intrigued by it, I mean, I thought it was a pretty neat and funny film.  Well, after reading the review, I was pleasantly surprised by the great acting and great directing. The film is definitely not a complete masterpiece, so it will always surprise me. But if you like the kind of films I have seen recently, this is the one to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first installment in this series was a fascinating and intriguing documentary on a mining disaster in Argentina in 1859 that left the country without gold for more than a year and was followed by a later, well-known film. This film, which has since been shown to many people in their homes, has not received the same warm welcome as its predecessor, and is often shown to people who are either very ignorant of history or who do not appreciate the country's deep and rich past. I have never seen a documentary about a mining catastrophe of this scale. I was very impressed by the accuracy of the narration, and the visual evidence provided. The mining industry was not a large one, and yet I am sure that people were still working in those mines as late as the early years of the 20th century.  The story focuses on the life of a family living in a mining district that has been mined for years, and on the miners' lives as they worked in the mines and as they struggled to survive. The director's narration is a haunting and moving one. I would recommend the movie to anyone who is interested in mining, mining history, or who has a deep interest in the history of Argentina. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen a lot of bad movie and this is one of my favorites. I've seen lots of movies that are so close to the real thing, that it is almost a "film verite", but I really liked this one and it made me mad. It's funny, i mean really funny. I really like the premise and the acting, and the cast was great as well. If you like to laugh and want to laugh, you will love this movie. I recommend this movie to everyone! I love it!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie when it first came out and I was very impressed. The music in this movie is so beautiful, beautiful, and so touching, that it's amazing. The acting is superb, great music and great cinematography masterfully captured the essence of the film in an art-house way. The cinematography brilliant, and I love that the film has a great story line and a great ending.   This is a great film. If you are tired of hearing the song of the birds, and the way that the camera follows the story, then see this movie. I would love to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very original and well-acted piece of film. The plot is unique and not one of the more famous of the big Hollywood pictures. It features a very good plot, and although there are a lot of clichés, this movie still manages to keep you interested in it. It is interesting, with a good story and a good script. The ending is very touching, and you have to give credit for the actors and director, because they have some great talents, and the story is unique. The movie is very good, and it is also very short, and I have to say that I was not able to watch it till the end. If you like it, you'll love it.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really great, the acting is great and the movie is beautifully crafted. I enjoyed it and hope to see it again soon. It will be a very good movie for anyone who likes the story.  I hope that everyone who reads this will see the movie, I hope you do, too. I am glad this movie is in french with English subtitles, it would have been nice to have it in Spanish with the subtitles. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this. I've seen the movie many times and always find it hard to forget. I guess you have to, but when it comes to movies, it's hard to. Especially with this masterful performance by Rosalba Neri. Her portrayal of a lady in love with a man is so vivid and powerful that you really want to believe that it's not just a movie that has been set in Hollywood, but a real person who really is a real estate agent.   It is a beautiful movie with great acting and great directing. You have to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of the film is somewhat reminiscent of a modern western. The film is not so much about a group of outlaws as it is about a couple who get together and try to rob each other. This is not a bad film but a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of my favorite films and this is what I use to judge films when they are not as good as I thought they are.  I also enjoy the actors and the story, and the direction was beautiful. I have always been a fan of the actors, but this was wonderful.   I am not a big movie fan, but when I am, it is often great. This was very interesting, and I think I will watch again.  The cast was good and the film was very entertaining. I would recommend this film to anyone interested in a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-made and great film. If you don't have an idea what i'm talking about, and want to see a movie, watch this. I guarantee you won't be disappointed. A great comedy. And it will be on Showtime one hour later than the original. It's a funny movie. A must see for everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Criminally Insane" is a charming little mystery about the relationship of a demented girl and a sociopath, who are both on the run from the hospital.  This story follows two such patients: Mary (Susan) and George (David) but their stories are interrelated.    Mary is a sweet-faced, sweet-talking, high-pitched lady who finds herself in a psychiatric hospital, after being attacked by a psychotic man (Jeff).   George is a cold-blooded, violent psychopath with a taste for blood.  "Insane" may be the masterful and twisted tale of the two patients. It also touches on the hospital's history with psychos and the hospital staff.  The movie's success in the cinema is a real disappointment. "Climax" is the second entry in the "Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon" franchise, the first being "Curse of the Dragon", which has already proved disappointing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was an incredible film. I have seen it when it first came out, and it still looks quite good. It is so beautiful that I found the whole thing to be rather interesting and it made me feel as if I had been there. The movie is full of great acting. The beautiful scenery is full to glorious life, and the beautiful music that the characters sing is full, full of life and emotion. I just love that movie. I can't wait for it to come out again, and am looking forward to seeing it again. I would love to hear the original song again, it has the original feel to it, and is quite different from the song.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of an artist who creates a mural to the side of a mountain and gets it to stick out to the crowd is very creative and imaginative. In addition to the beautiful landscape, the story of the artist, his work and his patrons is also very creative. The use of natural elements and the artist's creations to create the mural is also brilliant. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The way it is filmed makes this film seem even more natural and real. The way the camera follows the story, each step with incredible realism and intensity makes this the great film it is. I would love to recommend this film to anyone who likes great, suspenseful and intense cinema. The main reason is that I am not allowed to do this kind of cinema, I must write, direct, edit and direct all myself. It is very close to real life and not easy to do. I hope that one day this kind will become common. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that was released a year before my father died, and I found the movie very touching and I could never forget it, but it was not as dark and gory as the movie that I remember from my childhood. I guess the movie is just about the best of all time and the film definitely should be viewed as such. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen many films about this type of movie, but this one stands unique. It isn't so much a documentary as it is a stunning masterpiece that tells a story that could be told in any way. I'd like to see a longer story with a similar tone to the one that made this great film. If this film had a longer script, and a more intelligent and realistic perspective, this film would have been amazing. I also love the use of black and white photography throughout the entire movie. I wish the actors had used more vivid and colorful images. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First of all, I have to admit that I love all the animated shorts of this particular studio, and this is why I rated this 7/10. The whole animated short is well done, but this is definitely one of the masterpieces of this studio. A great animation in a short is what we expect from Disney, and I have never seen such brilliant animation in my life! I have been a fan of "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends", and I loved this. I am surprised to see it's still in existence!  I'm sad to see this short now, after watching it on my kids, and it has so much heart in it. It's still not available on DVD, so I guess it would be a nice gift for my kids. I wish this animation was available as a full movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I like movies that are good, and this is one of those masterpieces. It is funny and a tribute to the original cartoon. I think the movie is a tribute that should not be missed.  I have seen the cartoon a lot, and have really only seen a couple of episodes.  So, the next time you watch this show, and you see a clip from "Teen Titans," and you hear Gadget on the radio, and hear Gadget's voice, you will instantly know that the characters are the same, and they are so very, very different!  But, if you are a kid, I say you will probably laugh a lot. I don't know, and it is a show, so I guess that I won't know. I will only feel the pain that they go through.    So kids, this is a movie to watch. 9 episodes! I don not know. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie isn't about a crime-buddy, but it is about a young girl's life as she struggles through her struggles. The movie is a great depiction of the life of a person who lives with a life-changing event. This is a movie for anyone who has struggled with real life issues, and this movie is for anyone wanting to find their place in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the second half of the movie, you can see the story again.  It is in the desert. You can see a little bit more in the jungle and more in Central America, but this movie is great. It shows how the countries are connected with the rest of the world. The idea that the U.S. is involved in drug trafficking in Central Asia is something that is never mentioned in this movie. The whole movie shows how this is the case.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this in the late 1980s when my son was 3 and I was in my early 40s. I remember being very excited and excited to go see it. I didn't even know it existed. We'd heard of the film a lot and it sounded amazing. My son said to me, "If you've ever been in a roller coaster, I've seen this movie, I can't believe it!" I said "Well, that's just the best you can do!" We went and saw it and we saw it again the next day. We still loved it.   This was one of the masterpieces of film. The music is great and the story is wonderful. I don't think I'll ever forget this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As much as I like to think about movies as a genre, it is still a movie about people in general. I love the story of the little girl who falls in love with the little guy, the little lady who is infatuated with the idea of infatuation, and the little old man who is unaware of it, and is in love.  But in a movie like this one, that is, this beautiful movie, with beautiful actors, great story and great directing, the perfect movie to show the beauty and innocence of the human heart and to show how our society treats the concept of infidelity.  I loved the movie, and I hope you will too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best and most complete documentary on one of the most important and fascinating facts of human history, one that deserves to be understood by those who do not have much knowledge of the history of the human race.    In the beginning, the story of this remarkable "discovery" is a simple one: Scientists and others have made many discoveries about the earth's crust of the planet, and now we know more than we know.  The story is so interesting that it could even be considered as fiction, since the science and the art of the film are both so stunning.  There is, of course, a great deal of artistic value in this film, but what is most fascinating is the incredible talent of the three main actors: Carl Brashear, Walter Matthau, and Paul Newman.  This movie does not make one of them famous, because the acting is great and is based on a great, simple story. It is also a great documentary, and as such, is highly recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an enjoyable and heart-warming story about a man who has a long, drawn-out life in his family and is surrounded by life's events that he tries to make sense of. The movie's central question is: Why do we live in the world as it is? Why do bad things always happen to good people and never to bad people? And why do things always turn out to be all right? The film never strays from this theme, and it seems to be the only theme that does not transcend the audience.  I can't say that this movie, while a rather poor and depressing movie, is a perfect example of the "natural" world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is unique. It has a very good plot, which makes it easy to follow and makes it even more enjoyable. The cast are good, especially the young lead actors. The movie is shot in a very naturalistic light and very well-made. There is good music and some beautiful scenery.  The movie has a surprising ending. It is not like other movies where the main character goes out with their best friend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little skept about this film when I heard it was based on the book "Little Dorrit", but it turned out great! The story is a bit slow, and there are some pretty good moments (like the scene where the lady in the train meets a homeless person and they are both frightened). The other movie that I liked was "Hobgoblins", which has much more in common with the book, and it is also a bit longer and I found it quite scary.  All in all, great fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of all time. It's very entertaining, funny, has great special effects and some great special effect with a great plot. The only flaw in this movie is that there are some very large explosions and very bright colors in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like a good romantic anime, especially those that are targeted for kids (like 'Dragon Fighter' or 'Transformers') or for those who are easily entertained by the 'romantic' side of an anime (like Spirited Away or My Neighbor Totoro) and that's why I like this one.   My favorite romantic anime was 'Hinari no Soko Kara' - the second entry in the 'love story' category - and I love that too. I love it because it made me sad for her.  'Tsui o suzu toi' was also a good anime. But this one made me want to be her forever, and I hope it didn't ruin my impression of her. That's why she's such a great idol.  But, if you're a kid, I hope this doesn't ruin your impression of a girl who has a dream that she becomes a great, talented idol singer.  My 'romaniac' friend says, 'you're really not supposed to get the girl you love...you are supposed to be a great singer!' He has a lot of courage in his character and he really is a great guy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "The Case of the Scorpion's Tail" was the second feature film in the original "Aliens", directed by James R. Kennedy Jr. and released in 1978. It is the only film I know of that was made in 1976 and not 1978.  The story is a very interesting and somewhat sinister premise, with the story being told to a group of high school students by their father, a former soldier turned bounty hunter turned doctor turned bounty hunters. The lead performance is of course, the beautiful and talented Danielle Fois as the girl who becomes infatuated with the killer and goes along with him, eventually becoming his next victim.  Of course, all in all, not a great film. It was released in theaters in 1976, and I can't believe how rare it is that a film of this stature ever comes out in theatres. I think that speaks volumes about how rare this film is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It is really hard to find the words to describe this outstanding film, which is very, very funny, and which is unlike a lot of comedies that have been made in the west.  I was pleasantly surprised by this film. The main actors, namely:  - John Heard as the'silly' doctor who is obsessed with helping the homeless,  - James Wood as the former army officer who has given up on life and now has a job,   - Tim Roth as the ex hooded cop who's got a great sense of humour and who has finally'made it big' in the big city,  and Michael Keaton as a dashing ex hood who's lost everything and who lives off the street in the shadows of a big city.  The funny scene is the only one in the entire film that was funny. I laughed and I cried when I saw it, and I wish there was more to it. I wish it wasn't about the homeless or about the ex-soldiers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time. If you have any information regarding the true story of the relationship between Mr. Albright and Ms. Tandy, please post a positive reviewing about a great movie: I saw this film when I was 14 years old, I was living in a totally different world then what I have now. I was in the middle of the Cold War, and my friends and I used to go to the movies every now and then.  What I remember about it is that a group of teenagers led by Ms.Tandy were on a mission to get a UFO. When they went to meet with the alien, he turned out to be an old man. It was truly great!  The movie was an amazing film. The true story and all the other people in it were amazing! It was my all time favorite movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a big fan of the series and was looking forward to a big event when the next installment came out. I was really looking forward for the big one. The first was the original Battlestar Galactica. The second was the Planet Trek. Now the Planet Wars was great, but it was still a good one. I thought the special effects were great, and the sets great. The special effects in particular were great. There were some wonderful effects of course, but that was a rare thing in a sci-fi movie. I loved the original Planet Trek and the fact that it was a very dark, dark gray color. I also liked the fact of the plot, the characters, and also the special effect, which was very realistic. I wish it was available on DVD someday. The next movie in the series is Nemesis, which is still a very good one, and it has a plot, which again I will not spoil, I will just say that it has some of the best special effects of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is very believable and I am a big movie fan but this movie is a great film. I am surprised by the cast of good actors who I thought fit their parts well.  The script is great and great and the beautiful cinematography brilliant. The music is great, the best music ever made and the best score ever made for a movie. I think this movie shows the beauty of the human body and how amazing we are. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised by the great performance of Jude Law and the wonderful work of the lovely Catherine Zeta Jones.  The story is about the relationship between a lawyer (Judy) and a doctor (George Zucco) and the life they lead together is really quite interesting and so boring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that has moved me to tears. It's a real emotional roller, and it can be brutal or uplifting. The acting is masterful, with standout performances by Alison Eastwood and Ed Harris, who are also good in their respective films, as is the case with most actors in this movie. The film is shot in New York City, and its locations are all Brooklyn locations. It is one of those romantic comedies that is shot by one person in Brooklyn and then edited by another person. In this case, it is the Brooklyn-based artist, Robert Stacks, who masterfully captures the essence of this story in a way that makes it a true story. The movie doesn't attempt to replace Hollywood's Hollywood romances, but it is something to look at and admire. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In my opinion this is the brilliant musical movie from director Robert Hossein. It's an over-the-top musical with some of the best live footage of the 60's. It has a pretty good storyline and a good score. It also has a good cast with James R. Flocker and Gene Kelly, who are the usual suspects in musicals. The film is not only enjoyable, but is quite dramatic and not just "satisfying". The story is very good, and the story is interesting. It isn't all that dramatic, but it's funny and it's not too bad. If you like the typical musical that's done in a studio, watch "Singin' in the Rain". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a student at Wesleyan University, I found this film to be inspiring, not for the sake of it, but for me personally.  The film tells a story about a very talented student, "Kris", who works as a volunteer for the homeless, and in the process becomes acquainted with a strange girl, "Elvira", whom he sees as he is working on the project.  At first he is frightened by her presence, and then becomes enchanted by the idea of being forced to help homeless people.  I was moved to tears by the first two minutes of the film, and after that it became overwhelming.   I have watched this film over and over again, and I can honestly say that I do not cry in any of the scenes.  This film shows a tragic aspect of life, that people are capable of giving up on themselves.  If you have not seen it, do so. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie as a child when it first came out and my reaction when it came out was, "how great is it?" My favorite scene is the one where the children are standing in the driveway of their childhood home and the old lady steps out and says, "I've got to go." That scene is truly poignant. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the late '60's and early '70's, it was the norm for an American woman to be called "a good little lady" or "ladies" or something along those lines. That said, I still find it strange that a person with my gender and race would still find themselves being called such. It's hard to find a person who would not find that strange if they were living in a totally different world.  I've always been fascinated by strange movies and it's hard for me to find one that wasn't weird. I was in the middle of watching this movie on a night when I was driving home from the hospital. It was eerie and I could not stop the movie, it fascinated me and I had a gut feeling that something wasn't right with it.  This movie is definitely worth it, but if you enjoy a good weird movie, this is one to go to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first 20 minutes the movie is great, but soon you master its beauty. A magnificent cast of fine actors. And beautiful cinematography.  One of the great silent comedies, from the late silent era to the present. And one of the very last movies that was released. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Maniac's Dream" is an interesting film that mixes documentary and fiction. The only problem I have with it is that I am really looking for the story line of the real Malick, a real person who lived in a sanatorium in the 60's. It was sad for her, but she chose to film a different story, a story that had a lot of sadness in it. The film was fascinating, and it is still a great idea. The best part is that it was not released for public consumption, because if it was, then there is no telling what kind of uproar there would have been. I think that it has a very strong cast, but I don't know if that is because the story is so great, or because it has such brilliant performances by the actors. This is really a fascinating film, and I hope that the public gets to see this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   If you are a teenager or a serious film buff, this is a must see! I loved this film from the opening moment I saw it in the theater. The acting is superb beautiful and works perfectly with the plot. All the characters are believable and brilliantly detailed. This is a very beautiful and touching movie. I hope everyone sees this movie soon. I am glad I didn't pay for it, so I can keep this movie coming. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first half of the movie (before the great fight scene with the guys in the cave) is great and is a great introduction to the main character and his life. The great fight scenes and the great acting make this one stand out. The movie is awesome and is definitely not for the weak-hearted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is based on a true story, the story is not a fantasy but it's real. It is not about a person with a passion for animals or a person who has a history of watching animals from birth. It's about two people who come into contact with each other through their work and their animals. This movie shows that this is not just about animals or animals. The movie shows us that each of us, even if we have animals and we have not, we can still get hurt, lose our home, or lose our loved ones. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very good movie! I have seen many bad movies. Some have been great, some were good but this one is great! This movie has great acting, great special effects, great beautiful cinematography, great fantastic music and great special FX. It is a great movie!!! It is amazing, it is great fun and the story is good and well directed! I enjoyed this movie very much!! I recommend this movie to anyone who likes to watch a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very original and very funny movie. I was pleasantly surprised by the story and the way it develops. It could be that the story is good and the acting superb, or that it's a great romantic anime, with a great plot and great character development. The movie is very well directed and well acted. It is a romantic anime with very emotional moments and very beautiful animation. It's not very popular, and I would recommend this to anyone who likes the genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of my favorite parts is the scene in the beginning when the beautiful and talented Ms. Curtin is working on a statue of Venus. She has wonderful facial expression, and great music, which fits perfectly with the scene. Venus is one of the most beautiful statues in the world, and her beauty is not all that good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I have seen all the movies starring George Clooney (including this one) and all the other Clooney films, and I think this is the best of all of them. Clooney plays a charming and successful salesman for an alarm company (Lanter) who is on the way to his wedding, where he meets a mysterious woman and they plan to rob her. They rob her safe, and after she and Clooney are arrested, they plan a scheme to frame each other for the crime.  What really great about this movie is that it is not a thriller, but a great mystery. The movie is great, because it doesn't let us know everything that happens. It has some great suspense, and there are lots of surprises. Cloone is very good, and his character is very mysterious.  The movie also has a very interesting plot and excellent direction, which makes it a must-see. I would give this movie a 7 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie that puts you in the director's place, his characters, and their life struggles, as he attempts to fulfill his dream of making a great film. In this way, we feel more like he has a story to tell and this makes us feel less like we are always at odds with society.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that has some amazing scenes in it. I think this movie is great and is a great movie! I have seen the movie many times. It is very realistic and I think that it could also be very disturbing. This movie is very creepy! I think you should see this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie and I think I will watch it again and again. This movie is so masterfully realistic and beautifully filmed, and the actors are so natural and so wonderfully beautiful, that I was amazed how realistic this movie is. I am glad I have seen it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I just finished watching this movie for the second time and really enjoyed it. The cinematography is masterfully beautiful and works perfectly for every scene, including the dream sequence. It works very well for all the characters and is a great way to show the relationship between mother and son. This movie is definitely not for everyone, it is more like a story of life and dreams.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as the film is concerned, it is one of the masterpieces of the genre. It's unique in that it deals with the relationship between a doctor (played by Paul Bettany) and a patient (Mancuso), as well as the interaction of the two physicians. The characters are drawn in such a manner that they are unique and not at all like the usual clichés. The relationship is complicated in its complexity and the patient's pain is a constant, which the doctors have to treat in a completely different way. It is quite realistic and in no way pretentious. The plot is also quite unique, the characters are fully developed and so are the situations. This is one movie for the discerning viewer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen a good film about the relationship between a woman and a man, and this was no exception.  This film explores the evolution of their lives, from the very beginning, to the end.  It is quite dramatic, with some dramatic scenes, but overall it is a touching and beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, I find the ending to be more emotional than it has ever been. It is not only the end credits that makes this great movie, it is the entire movie beautifully crafted to tell a story of hope and perseverance. It may take 5 or 6 episodes to fully comprehend the plot and the characters, I would suggest watching this movie and getting fully involved in the story and finding your own meaning in the lives of the other characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never heard of this film before. I don't remember ever seeing a full length movie. My memory of "The Good Earth" is still vivid to me.  The story is of a boy named Hagen who is brought in to a farm in the small German village of Zentrop. Hagen, having become enchanted by the "Green G" spell, seeks out the witch and in their graveyard, he encounters a female witch named Liefe who brings him back to life and gives him a magic book which he reads and becomes enchanted.  But when Hagen reads the book and begins to read from it, he is able to see the book's effect. It turns out that this book was not a book, it was an enchanted book. It was a very powerful book that when read by Hagen turned him into a very terrifying and terrifying creature.  Now this story has a great cast and a great script. The movie is full of great performances. I would love to know what were some of the actors' names and what were the names of the people who played them. Also I would like to know how did the story of the book in this movie come to life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a good thriller. It has great special effects, it's very suspenseful, it has great action, and a good ending. The best part of the movie is the ending. It's the ending that gives the film its power. It is the last scene you will see.    The cast is strong, but you don't feel lost, nor does the movie have an ending. In the end, you feel what they have all been through together, and you have a sense of what they are and what their dreams are. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a story of hope.  The story starts off with a beautiful garden full of life and a wonderful view of the animals. But it doesn't take long before we see the animals themselves, which they have chosen to keep in their natural environment. They have chosen a path that will help them live, not hurt them.  It isn't an easy story, but it certainly makes the most of the beautiful setting in which it takes place.  I really hope that this movie has a chance to reach the general public, so that the story can reach all audiences. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must-see movie. I don't understand why I waited for this movie, but it is one of the masterpieces of the year. I was very impressed with the quality of the performance, as it was beautifully done. The story is very good and the movie is charming, and I like the ending a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very unique movie, but this movie is much like any other, very entertaining. A very funny and over-the-top story of a couple who are having a baby together. A movie that isn't all that easy to take seriously. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am so glad to have seen this film again! I remember sitting in the theater watching it one night back in 1994 when I was 17 years old and I was stunned at the beauty of the film. I thought the scene where they are driving in the city and you can clearly see the outline of a tree trunk on the car, which would have been incredible in 1994. Also the best scene was the scene when the boy is driving and you see the car in front of him driving in front and then the car stops.  I have to say, I have always been a huge fan of John Lennon and his music, and it made me cringe so hard my stomach hurt. I have also noticed the multitude of bad songs, and although I am not a big fan of them, I am glad to see them again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie with good music. I liked the way that it shows the way the little things in life can change our hearts and minds.  This movie is about one little boy named Luke. He is at school with his father. He has some friends and they all have a dream about him and he gets up and they have a big picnic. They are all on their own and not really paying for anything. He then goes back to his life and is scared.  One night he goes out and meets with his real friends. They all show him how to scare people and whatnot, and he is scared by what he sees.  Then he goes home and gets scared again. He tries to scare everyone and finally he is successful. He gets in a hospital and is haunted by his dreams.   He gets scared and goes into the hospital and he meets with the hospital people. They tell him his nightmares are not real, and they just want him to be normal. He says his dreams aren't real, but they are not really his dreams anymore.  So he gets scared, then he goes back into his dreams and they show him what his nightmares were like. They don't really show him the right way, but it still freaked me out. It is a scary movie and I think it can scare the person.  I give this movie a 9 out of 10. I give it a 10 because of the music. My favorite song is "Stuck Like A Frog" and that is scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the master story of a film that depicts a man who gets a phone call from his girlfriend asking him to make a movie with her. The man declines and instead of making a movie about a real event he makes a story about a man he meets and falls in love with.  The movie has a great storyline and it is quite realistic and a great film to watch with your friends.  If you like watching a movie that shows real life with a lot of people you will love this movie.   If your into making movies that show real life and a lot less drama this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie, "A Brief History of Nearly Everything" is a fascinating look at a history of the world in 100,000 years. It is one of the few documentaries that actually covers a century, which is sometimes an indication that it has some historical value, but it also has some fascinating stories, and I especially liked the story of a former slave and her family.  I also enjoyed the fact that the movie is a virtual tour of a museum, with the curator being able to walk and talk with virtually anyone, from his student to a local business person.  The DVD release of this is in black and white, so if you have the DVD, I would strongly encourage you to watch it!   This is a wonderful, and in my opinion, an interesting, and it is probably one of those documentaries that are made on a budget that makes the best of the material great. "A Short History of Almost Everything" also does a good job with the same theme, but the performances are so great that you wonder why the master chose to create such masterpieces. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic and romantic comedy that tries to portray the true meaning of the world. The actors give heartfelt performances with some great lines. It is very emotional, with some scenes of intense emotion, but I guess that it also means it will not be taken seriously. The direction is great, but the beautiful and romantic scenery in the picturesque town makes this movie very realistic. Also, the ending is quite touching. It shows a couple who are about to leave together for a life together and what happens next. It can also be a good romantic ending, but in this movie it's simply great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie follows the life of the four main characters and their struggles to be something more. There are a number of interesting points that make the movie unique, such as:  *The movie is set in a small German village and the movie is shot in the spring of 1993.  *It is made with a very dark, saturated and natural light.  The actors are interesting, each with different attitudes, from the religious to the political.  It is a shame that this great German movie is so dark and heavy. It really helps the movie to be dark and dark.  The best scene in the movie in my opinion is the one when the four characters are all talking and the screen is black and white. The best part of the movie could be a scene like that one.  This movie really shows the dark side of life, the bad side and the good side. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good show. I was very surprised with this one, and I was amazed at how much I enjoyed it. It is one of those shows, that you either love it, or hate it, but either way you have to be in the mood to be able to sit down to watch it.  I found this show a very interesting show.  The show revolves around a group of losers that have gathered for a weekend of poker and to talk about the "big fish" in their group. It's pretty funny, the songs are funny, and it has the look of a very good sitcom. I would say that this show is very similar to many of the shows that are on Disney, that have the look and sound of sitcoms.  If you are looking for a show that is not a sitcom, or a sitcom... this is a great show. 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films ever made in Hollywood history. The story was made in such great detail, and the pace of events, especially the death of the principal character, was virtually non-stop moving.  One example of this excellence was the scene in which the main character, played by actor Walter Huston, and a friend, played the doctor and his wife, played their respective roles to great effect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Laws of the City" is an interesting, and original film.  This movie is the second movie I've seen in the director's "Manifeste" series, which is a strange, and yet very strange collection of short films.  "City Limits" is the first film in which I felt that all the pieces together had a cohesive and interesting story, and this is the reason why the two films are so similar.  All the characters are drawn from the same theme, and are all somewhat different from each other, yet the story is very similar. There are a few minor characters that have unique personalities and situations, but the overall result is the same.   If the movie was all about the story, then it would be an interesting story.  The story is good, and it all fits together nicely. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first ever adaptation of this beloved novel was the short story "The Story of Dr. Fu Manchu," which appeared in a collection in 1990. The story, written by Luise Rainer, was about a doctor who treats a woman whose father (Papillon) has died of a heart attack, and her father's (Dugdale) doctor brother is her caretaker. They go to visit the doctor's wife (Pantev) and discover the secret of Dr Fu Manchu's past.  The movie, written in 1999, is about the friendship of the doctor and his family, and is about a woman's journey to discover herself and her true destiny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie when I was about 8 years old in 1976, when my family bought the video of it, but I had never seen it before. I was amazed. The whole movie was great, and so beautiful, that it scared the hell out of me! I was scared so bad, and I can still be scared today. I have a hard time sleeping after this movie, and this movie made me scared so badly, that I wanted to hide under the bed when I heard the tape. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm not going to take a word for granted, but if you're looking for a good film, "Bid Time Return" is it. It's a fantastic, but still realistic, action packed, and the ending is a real tear-jerker. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite. I have seen it over 2000 times!  The film was good and the story was great. I like the idea of the movie and how it was told. It is a sad story of a good doctor and his family.  I am glad that the story line stayed together. I am a lot of the things that the doctor said and did for his patients.  This movie shows us the power of love and caring that people have.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have just finished watching this, and I can honestly say that this is one of the masterpieces of all time. There are a few films about war, and this is certainly one of them.   The film opens with a shot of a house with a large stone in it, and a great deal of drama and tension follow, with great performances from some of the cast members.  I love the movie. I have seen many, many films, and not one of these stand-out masterpieces, and they are some of my favorites. I find myself constantly switching between war and other films in order to see this one, and was thoroughly captivated by it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterfully crafted a masterpiece of a story and it's a tribute to the great artistry of the Italian Renaissance. It's an almost ideal film, which, for those interested in the genre, is the first feature film of Lucio Fulci, director of the cult classics, The Bicycle Thief and The Bicycle Murders. Fulci's style is reminiscent of the classic Italian film "La Vignano del Grande" (the Vampire's Kiss).  The characters are very interesting and very human, but the direction is unique, yet still somewhat like a work of art.  Fulci has a good sense of humor, but it's very funny in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of the great British dramas and was not aired here until I moved to London in the early 1980s. It was based on the true story of an American family who move into a tiny apartment in a building with a large number of others and try to get into a new way of life. The acting is superb, especially from the children (Bridget Moynahan)who play their characters with honesty and dignity and a strong sense of family, but the direction and direction are stunning. The use of the old-fashioned 'Lemon's Nest' theme and the lovely scenery in the background really make this a must-see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been so long since I last saw it and have been looking for a copy ever since.  This is an almost perfect romantic/comedy film. I don't know what you can call it - it's a funny film.  The story is actually one of the better stories to come out of Hollywood in the 80's, but it is so charming and unique. It was a real slap in the face to the Japanese. It tells a love story between two people who were forced to live together, despite the fact that there are only 5 people in the world. The actors were also pretty good.  There is one thing that bothered me about this movie. The ending. It is the first romantic moment I have seen. But I think that you have to have at least 2 or 3 more romantic stories to make it work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great movie. The actors are excellent and so are the audience. The best scene is at the beginning of the movie. A great scene from a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like classic 70's action films, like The Killer Inside Me, The Rocky Kid, The Deadly Mantis, The Killer In The City, The Living Legend Of Dr. Fu Manchu, The Karate Kid, and many other 70's films, you will love this.  If your a fan of 70's 70's and 80's movies, like I am, this is for you!  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I found this movie to be very entertaining. If you enjoy the first movie then I recommend this one, and if you are like me and enjoy the second one then watch this one. I am not going to ruin the movie for you, as I have seen both. I think this is the perfect movie. I hope to have seen it at least once, and it is definitely not a bad movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part of the movie is the ending - it was one of the best endings I've seen. And i have to say that i was surprised by the fact that there were no bloody scenes. I have to admit that i have always been a big fan of John Carpenter films, and i loved his last masterpiece, the wonderful film version of "The Thing". This film is really special and i don't know if i will ever enjoy a good film of a film of this outstanding one. The special effects are great, and the movie was great! I recommend this film to any fan of a good story-to-film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces in the history of cinema.  The first part of the movie is the history, the story of how it began, the life of the people, their struggles, their thoughts, their fears and their dreams, their lives, their emotions and their thoughts about this mysterious world.  This is one of the great, dark, mysterious, Gothic pictures of the first ever human beings in space.   In the next part the story is more fantastic and less serious.  It is not a great story, but an interesting one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the perfect movie to show off your friends. It features a good cast of great actors, funny actors, and great music. The plot is simple, yet fun to watch and I would recommend it to anyone. I would say that the actors are good, especially from the 3 main characters (Skelton, Mancuso, and Dafoe).  I give this movie a 7 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm a huge Batman fan, and I can honestly say that this is one of my favourite Batman movies of all time.  The plot is solid and the characters all look great, and there's plenty of great laughs, and the film doesn't really go for the typical action hero fare. The special effects and the beautiful locations make this a real treat. If you liked the Batman Animated Series, this isn't really a bad one. If your favourite is Batman Beyond, or Robin Hood, or Night of the Living Dead, or even Superman, then this is definitely not for you.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A young boy becomes a master of sword fencing at a monastery. His teacher, a monastery elder, has forbidden the boy to do anything he wants to do. So the boy starts a path to his dream, of fencing to become the greatest martial arts practitioner in the world. But as the boy progresses, he begins to realize what he wants and begins to learn about life.    But when the monastery sees the boy for the first time, it becomes clear that he has a dark side, he can use dark powers to become a great warrior.  However, the monastery's faith is so strong that it is able to protect him from evil and save his life, but in the end, the boy is shown to be a hypocrite, a man who behaves like he wants, and a man that does what he has to do to get the most out of life. I love how the end is where the boy sees the light and turns into a great hero, he was able to defeat evil by using his dark side powers to help him.  It is such great storytelling that this movie is one of the masterpieces of the year.  I was surprised by this movie, I was amazed how such a perfect movie could come together and create such amazing performances from such masterpieces. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good, original, and a good film that should not be missed. The story is one of those that I know that is not typical, that is, it has a very interesting story. I think that is really cool, but I would love to see it again and I would like to recommend this movie to all my friends. It is a great, original film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title, 'The Man With No Name' was used to be one of the most popular titles in the western world at the time.  'The man with no name' was a pseudonym used by one William Randolph Hurst who also wrote the book 'The Naked Lunch' about the famous S.F.K. in the world.  The 'Man With No name' is one of those S.FK. stories where the real hero is someone who has secrets that could be discovered by others.  I can see how this might seem like a great mystery.  But in the real world, this is not what happens.  In this case, the real 'Man with No Name" is a famous director and actor named John Hughes.  What happens is the story of his life, which starts with a very ordinary life, becomes one of his biggest tragedies and finally, a tragedy that has been played out on him.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the movie that will surprise you. The movie is smart and makes you laugh so hard your health improve. It is one of the masterpieces of all time. The scene where the family are sitting on the sofa together with the music and the TV is amazing. I remember it was so funny when it first came out.  The movie has some great songs. It has some of the songs that I remember from my childhood. It also has some songs that were very popular when I was little.  This movie also reminds me of "The Shop Around the Corner" and "The Man in the Mirror". I also remember "Predictable Love" by George Gershon.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very emotional, beautifully filmed and well acted piece of work. It is one of my most emotional movies ever. I felt it was very authentic and very raw, and i love that. I was surprised at the quality of the acting, the good direction and the great camera work. I also loved the acting and the script. The story is very emotional and touching, and the actors are very good, and that's what makes this movie great. I have to go to see it every time I get the urge to cry, and there's no way i will ever stop watching it... this is a wonderful movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is about a young boy's dream of becoming a boxer. He dreams of becoming the greatest fighter in the world.  It's hard to believe that this young boy, Timon, has the power to knock out opponents in one shot, or even that he can become the greatest of all time. Timon gets a chance to prove his boxing skills by taking on the world champion of the world, Bernard L. DeMille, in the ring.  This film has great acting, great script, great special effects, great music and great special FX. Timony is superb in this film, and he really shines as Bernard DeMola, the great boxing champion. Timonic is also very talented in his portrayal of the greatest boxing champion of all times, and the scene in the middle of the film is a great example of his great acting.  The only downside of this wonderful movie is the fact that it's not in black and white. There is really nothing like black and blue in boxing. Timone is a true blue fighter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, suspenseful, but heart-breaking, highly emotional story of a couple's journey. There is good acting from the main actors, the beautiful scenery, great special effects, and some excellent character development, with believable performances from the two main stars of the story.  The actors give a believable performance in this film, as they are all experienced in various roles. It is surprising to see them playing so many different roles. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first story concerns a mother and her two daughters who are living in the middle of the woods. Her husband has died, leaving behind two young sons and two daughters to inherit his estate. Her oldest daughter is going to inherit it and has inherited a large amount of money. The two oldest daughters inherit much of the estate and then they decide to use it to buy a cabin. But there's a price that they can't refuse and that's the price that will put them in the right state.  The movie is very suspenseful, but has beautiful cinematography. I saw it with my 16 year old cousin and she was impressed with the quality of the movie.   The two actresses were great and were believable. I didn't see any of the other actors. I thought that they were fine, but the story was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very short, intimate and poignant documentary on the life of two fathers - a father who is a father to his son and a father of two sons. The story takes a more human view of parenting and family, as well as the lives of two older fathers, who have lived through more extreme circumstances, with more honest views. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the first of the three films starring Michael Keaton that I've seen that I have seen. The other two (The Rock and The Secret Lives of Dentists) are about two guys that become friends after their dental work is done, and Keaton ends up taking the man to the dentist, and he gets his work done. This movie is about a man's relationship with his dentist. It is also about a guy that's friend has a friend who is the dentist that he works with, and the two become friends.   Keaton is an incredible actor, and The Rock is a good actor. The Secret Life of Dentist is a great movie, and I hope I do not see the next one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at a film festival in Boston in November 2004. It's a short, but powerful and shocking, documentary that documents the story of a former U.S. Coast Guardsman who comes home from the war in a small American town. He lives there with his young son, and the two find that the town has grown up and needs a chance to grow.  The filmmakers spent some time getting to know the subject, and found some great footage in the town, which includes a former resident who says that she has lived there for 20 years, and a former teacher who says she has been there since she was 6.  A few of the interviews are disturbing, but the film is so compelling that it's hard to take your eyes away from the screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's easy to get over a movie, even if you're not very big into the genre, but it is very funny!  The humor in this film is so unique and creative, and I can't believe I was entertained by it all at once. It's the type of humor that you'll laugh at when you're drunk, and that's why I've given this movie a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a very interesting movie with good acting and great camera shots. The story follows a group of four friends who meet in a cemetery. Their life soon turns out to be more than they expected from the other friends. It follows their interactions with each other and the people that they visit, and the revelation of the four dead friends is shocking.  The plot is not too serious and can sometimes be quite depressing. It was a very good idea and the ending was surprising. I would recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great concept, but it had been done so much before.  The movie was good, but there wasn't too much to it.   There were some great moments, but overall it was great fun.  My only complaints were that the movie wasn't in black and white. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I like the movie and this is a movie to watch. The movie is very good, the actors are great and i like the way the movie is filmed. Also, the music is great, the songs are great, it's great and the movie shows some of the best of the 70ies pop bands and you can even find some of those songs in the movie. I just love the movie :) 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very good and romantic fantasy film, and it doesn't glorify either the beautiful and mysterious Lady Gwyneth or the legendary King Arthur, but the actors play their roles very well.  The actors play a romantic fantasy in which the legend of Gwynyth, the goddess of love, is brought to life in the modern-day. She is visited by a mysterious and powerful demon named 'Gunnar' and informs her that she must choose between living in the real world or living in a dream world.  Gwynath must choose which of the two she will live in...  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first hour was great. The second and third were great. And the great part was that the last scene is wonderful genius. It has great story, great music, great performances. I love it. I am surprised that this movie isn't more popular than it deserves. This movie is great, but not underrated. It is a great movie. I will watch it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great, but over-the-top action-adventure with plenty of twists and turns. A big fan of Michael Keaton, he is the perfect choice to play a part in this film. He is a master of all his roles, especially Keaton's. He can do both comedy and drama.  The plot of the movie is about a big bank, the head of security for the bank, and Keaton and his associates trying to escape the authorities, but they need help. This is the movie for fans of Keaton who want to see the movie he has made over the years.   I saw this movie on my first trip to Hong Kong and was very impressed. I am a big Keaton fan, so this is a must see. I wish more of his movies were as entertaining as this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I was watching this film, I kept thinking "this is the perfect romantic fantasy movie". It's not. It's very believable. The best movie in the world. Perfect romantic movie! I wish it was longer! The best romance is the movie. I don't know why they do this masterfully. It works perfectly. The ending is perfect. Perfect perfect. Excellent beautiful romance! I love this movie. 10/10. 7/5 perfect! 10 stars. 9/10 beautiful movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love all the films directed by this masterful director. He has created a magnificent series of works with the help of great cinematography and a very good script. This is the perfect way to present a very emotional and poignant story about the life of a man with an alcoholic father and the difficulties he has to overcome.    The film doesn't stoop to the depths of any of the other films from this master director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of those brilliant movies. I'd never seen anything so beautiful and beautiful on screen. The camera move was beautiful and expressive. The actors did great performances. The direction brilliant. The cinematography beautiful and breathtaking. I loved every second of this film. My favourite scene is when the characters are in the carriage discussing their feelings towards each other.  I saw this film at the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Film Festival. I'm surprised it wasn't nominated for an oscar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't think anyone would describe this as a "romp movie" but I do think this movie is fun, although it isn't "so great" as many movies of this genre. It's a good, easy-going, and fun movie with a good message. There are few scenes of nudity, although there are a few breast shots. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed the first one. It was very funny, I loved the first, but i liked this one more than the first. I think this is the great first movie. I have seen this movie a few times and i like it very much. i hope they make a sequel, but they haven't done that yet. I like it because i think it is not the same as the first movie, but it is a lot better.  The last time i saw it was not too long ago, but still it was good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of the 20th century. Its not a comedy, not a drama, it is a very interesting movie with a good plot and good performances from all the actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie in the world.  A great story and acting.  The story is a very emotional one, but the ending touched me in the face, i mean my heart.  Very emotional, but very good.   My rating is 2/5. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a big fan of this movie, so I was surprised to see it was actually in my home town, the town I grew up in, I was so excited to finally see it in a cinema.  My mum was very emotional, and so was my mum. When the movie came out she said, 'I could never stop laughing' because of the acting and brilliant performance by Denzel Washington, which was the greatest I have ever seen.   The whole movie blew me away. I was amazed by the story line and the fact that I was in love with him. I loved every second of the movie.  I have to recommend this movie to anyone, I am always surprised at how much I enjoy it. I am in love and I am going to kill anyone who tries to hurt me.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the final part of the film, the main character, the son, is at the seaside with his family when the monster attack. This is the last time he had been shown in this movie, and he is now able to stand up to his father, the king, and even fight back the monster.  This is a good film, and it's good for a few reasons. It's just a great story, and if you liked Braveheart, it's very similar to the movie. The main difference is that the Braveheart movie takes place in England and not Scotland. In this movie we have the English setting, and the Scottish setting, with a different setting. In addition to that, I think the ending is a bit too much, and a bit of a tearjerker, but the movie is overall good, but it still has it's flaws. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film at the first ever screening of the National Lampoon's Movie of 1948 (the first feature film starring Jack Haley). The story is about a former war hero, Jack (Watson), who finds his way into the home of his estranged (and estranged) wife, played by actress Marion Davies (Skelton). The plot is interesting, and the pacing is brisk. The action is full of great gun battles, explosions, and hand-to-hand fighting. Jack must escape the house, which is surrounded by a moored pontoon. The house is run by a very powerful lady who seems to be able to move and fire with the flick of a finger, and who seems unable to hear or see what anyone else is saying. There is a great scene in which Jack runs through the house and sees the woman who he has seen before, who is playing a very similar type of character.  I really enjoyed the ending. This movie is rated PG-13 for some gory scenes and graphic language. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing that kept me watching was the music. Very great music. Excellent fine art direction with great use of great music and great imagination. Perfection perfect performance by John Thaw. Brilliant and wonderfully captured. I love all the characters and all their interactions with one another. Great performances by the actors. Perfect performances by John, Thaw, and all the supporting cast. Perfect use of superb music. Perfect, beautiful use of stunning cinematography and beautiful use for the characters. Perfect perfection. Perfect. Perfect harmony of art and film. Perfect beauty. Perfect love. Perfect art. Perfect life. Perfect happiness. Perfect justice. Perfect joy. Perfect perfect love.Perfect life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic, suspenseful and romantic story.  The acting is fine, and the directing masterfully conveys the emotion and tension of the situation.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first time I saw the movie was on an Indian Airlines flight to Boston, and I must say that I never got bored watching it. The flight lasted only 90 minutes, and even then the movie wasn't really full. The scenery was amazing and breathtaking, and the acting was great and great.  One of the great scenes in the movie is the reunion of the two young lovers at the old airport, and it made me think of the old time American love stories, such as the ones you would find in the "American In Paris" book, or the "Hollywood story" from "Somewhere In Time", as written by Neil Gaiman. And the other scenes were so beautiful that I wanted to get up and see them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is a very good movie. It is not like the other great movie, "Maniac" that I saw at the festival in Barcelona in 2005. I am not a movie buff, I love the movies of all genres. I will watch them all and I am sorry if my opinion is not different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the wonderful, and very funny, but not too serious, animation-comedy that I remember from my childhood, and that of all the "Citizen Kane"s and "101 Dalmatians" (the latter being one of my favorites, even though I remember being a kid).  My childhood memories of this are, unfortunately, mostly of a kind of droll, slightly over the top, over-the-top, naive, naive fun, and I still remember that this was the kind of fun that I craved.  This was a little over-saturation of the tone, the characters, and the style that is usually the hallmark of Disney films.  I also remember the incredible opening sequence, which was in fact the only one that I remembered from this film.  All in all, a great and great animation adventure, but nothing over the edge, and certainly not for children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only flaw I found in this movie was that I didn't think it was very original and I didn;t like how the story line developed and there didn't seem to be too many "plot holes" either. The actors masterfully created a great performance from all the cast and the story beautifully flowed together. The best scenes were when the mother and daughter are in the house and they discuss how their lives have affected them. The director did a great job as well.  I enjoyed the last third and last quarter of the movie and felt it had become a bit predictable. I think it worked for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of the 20th century. It is a great story-of-life documentary, filled with fascinating footage from all over the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about one of the many Italian immigrant families who made their way across the Pacific Ocean during WWII. It follows the story of two Italian women in their forties, their lives as housewives, and their family's struggles for their lives, all while trying to make it big in America. They meet each other in a small American town, and they are forced to choose between their families' lives and their respective lives.  The film follows their struggles and their destinies, but it is not an overlong, and perhaps that is the strength of the film. It is a strong, but not overlong film. The direction is masterful, the camera works wonderfully, and the score is beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the touching story of the life of a man named George who lives in the city of New York, and his encounters with different types of people are what the movie is about.  In the beginning, George meets the beautiful, intelligent Lena, played by Lena Headey. She informs him that she is engaged to a man who is engaged. The two go to the theater together and soon the movie becomes an emotional roller coaster. The movie is based on real events that happened on that day. The film also reveals how Lena's life changed when she was in the theater and George was on the floor with her.    The movie has all the emotional impact of Lena's story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I first saw this film at the 2002 Sydney Gay and Music Festival. It was a bold move to take the audience into the world of the gay world of Melbourne and the characters and their experiences of living with HIV/AIDS. I had never seen anything like it before.  The film is the first in which Melbourne's largest gay and lesbian magazine, The Advocate, has taken on a project of this kind and produced a comprehensive documentary detailing the experiences of gay and bi-sexual people in Melbourne's Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras (the festival was not open to anyone who has lived with HIV or AIDS). The main theme is the experience of the young people as they make their first ever experience of a festival, which is like a high school play recital.  This is a film about young people who are still coming to terms with the effects of HIV/ AIDS. The young people themselves were not only affected by the film, but the message and the direction it was powerful. The actors who played the main characters were not scared of speaking their mind, but were brave and powerful and powerful. I wish the director, Greg Minear, and the producer, Steve Miller, and all the cast had the courage to be as brave as the young actors in the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have just seen this movie for the first time, and it is still my most emotional experience of the whole series. The director made the audience jump, and made the characters unforgettable. It made me believe that people are so much alike, and there are so many different kinds of people out there, and yet we are all just one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love how the main characters all have a very different opinion about life and how they have different opinions on what they think. This is one of those movies that i watched a lot when i was younger.  It's funny how you can be completely wrong and have completely different opinions about life.   This is a movie that i would recommend to anyone who likes it or doesn't, i know it's very old now 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode of this show was hilarious. It had my heart pounding. It has since been my most heartwarming and moving episode. I am not going to bore you with too many details. You will be surprised at how many funny and touching things there are. I just want to point out that this show is not for children, nor is it aimed at a broad audience. It is not just a "Saturday Night Live" or "Saturday Late Late Late Show" type of show. This show is for all of us. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was great and a good mix of humour and tragedy. The cast was strong and so were the supporting cast. The movie showed a very strong side to the story and showed the struggle of the young gay boy, Michael, and his family.  This movie has a lot of funny parts and a very sad and depressing ending. It is a sad movie that should be watched in moderation and with a large helping of spirits. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not gonna lie, I have to see this again and again. The film is beautifully photographed and brilliantly directed, with a plot and story that seems so real, you really believe that this is the person and world that it is portraying, and the whole film works for that effect. It makes you feel so sad and angry, that you may lose your will to live, and that's the end. This film was beautifully acted, with strong characters, and some great performances. It made me feel as I've felt that I've been on the edge of my seat for some days now, and I've never seen such great performances from the actors before, and this is truly great acting. It also made me laugh so hard, I was crying in my throat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked the original, you will love this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this show, it's got a great plot and it's unique. If you watch the movie I'd suggest checking it out, I think you will be very surprised, because the movie is so original, and you will probably be mad after watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was excited to see the movie when it came out. It was like a great adventure, I really didn't know what to expect. The plot was great and the cinematography master brilliant, it was wonderful masterpieces, beautiful images and brilliant performances. This movie really has that power to bring on a great mood, but don't take my word for it, it works wonderfully! My favorite scene is the one where all the characters are shown together and you can see the passion and pain in their eyes as they all try to escape the monsters and the evil of the island. The movie really shows that the island is very dark and cold and that this darkness and cold is a place that the characters belong to.  I really enjoyed the movie, the whole cast is great, the cinematographer is masterful and brilliant, the music is beautiful and haunting, and the story is good. This is a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie, and the acting is great. I love that, and I was very happy.  I am glad that this movie was so great. This movie is very great, and it is great at all. I would like to recommend this movie to anyone, anyone who is interested in the acting of Ed Harris. If you are interested in Ed Harris, you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this at a screening of "The Young Frankenstein", at the TIFF Bell Lightbox. It was one of the masterpieces of the young, and it still stands out in my mind as the master of all things.  This film is a cute, but still silly, film. It isn't meant to be taken seriously, and is not a parody of anything other. It is more like a story of a talented filmmaker, but not in a dumb way.  "Young Frankenstein" is a beautiful film with great characters and great story. It's also a silly film that has not the same bad taste as the film "Young At Heart", because I like it and think of it as the "young Frankenstein".  This is a film that is funny, and has very few moments of stupidity. It will be remembered as a kids film for kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Vigilante" is the first of three (not four) movies directed by Robert Ginty. His first two were "L'Innui" and "Cometh" (both directed by Jean-Luc Nancy). Gintye had already directed two of his later (but not "Vern") projects, "La derniere d'Anez", "La lutte aux famille", and "Lux Pou", but "Vigalante" was his first (and only) movie. It's very atmospheric, dark and has an excellent (as opposed to dull) score by Jean Pierre Leaudry (in the film "Cypher") which, as it was in the other two, isn't just used to help us see the characters, but rather, helps the movie to create a kind of mood that we're not in for. Gintey also used the excellent soundtrack of Sylvie Moreau (which he had already done in "La Vigalonde") to great effect, but the film doesn't really need it (in fact, I'd rather prefer Gintesy to Sylvie's "Viel" score), so I won't say too much about this movie, although it is, in a few words, a very impressive one.  "Lassie Come In" is an absolutely gorgeous (and surprisingly dark) black and white film. It features a young woman called Marie who, along with her mother, is going to spend her life in a big mansion with her grandmother. Marie is very unhappy, and the grandmother has a good job (she was in love with her father), and she wants to leave the big city behind and go back to the city she was born in.  There's a plot (and a very interesting one at that) that seems to have been thought up by Gintry. But Gintsy, like the other great French directors, doesn't seem to have any sense of direction. He masterfully captures the mood of the French countryside (the place where Marie's grandmother is living) and the way Marie sees herself (she is so unhappy). Gensory and his beautiful wife (Lassée) make an extremely uncomfortable couple, but it's all just so natural and we really don't see anything about the two characters until the end of the film. I don't think that is the reason the movie was so beautiful, but I also don't really care
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really loved this movie, I'm a very avid movie-watcher and this movie blew me away. The acting was great, the beautiful scenery great and the great cinematography brilliant and brilliant. This is a great film, and I love that I didn't get paid for it. The cast is great especially the beautiful Sibelius who also acted very well and really fit in perfectly with the other characters, it's great he has an important part in it. I would like to say I love how the main characters, especially the main character, don't act like the main hero. It is a really great movie, so watch it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie with great acting and great directing. It's also a great horror movie, a good one. This movie is a good, but I think you could watch it with the kids and they will still enjoy it. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very powerful movie! I've been watching it for almost twenty years now, and while it is obviously not a great movie, it has become one of my "must-miss-a-movie" films. The scene in the beginning of the movie where the old woman tells her friend that she is going to meet the same man who killed her father is just stunning. It is so powerful and makes me realize that the woman who played the role of Esther was the Esther that died. The best scene is at the end where Esther turns to her son and says: "You are the proof that there are other people out there that are out to kill you. You are so brave."   This movie is, without a doubt, one of the masterpieces of the genre of "small-budget films". It's got a strong plot, the stunning cinematography and the stunning special effects. It's not an accident, brilliant timing and great performances by the actors. It all works together beautifully. A must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part, 'The Mother' is a very touching and tender story of motherhood, in which mother comes back from the grave to her daughter's childhood home, a place she never thought of going to as an adult. Mother returns with a young girl she had not seen before, and soon after, she begins to have strange dreams. What makes this story great is the way the actors are able to convey their feelings of mother and daughter, in a way that is both natural and emotionally fulfilling. The young girl does not have to suffer any abuse, and instead she is able to have great life experiences, both emotionally and physically, that will have a significant impact on her life and the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie isn't bad as I've seen, but I liked it. The characters are interesting, and the plot is great, and well-done, and it is a good plot to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen this movie many times before and never regretted it. It is a great, and very strange, film. It has many different meanings and symbolism. It could be a metaphor for a man who has lost his father, or an indication of his inability to accept responsibility or care. It can also be a statement that all men are potential murderers. The acting is superb, especially from the four main actors, as are the various supporting characters. I recommend this film to anyone who likes strange films and films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title, "The General" refers to the first feature of the "Romanian Movie" series made by the Romanian Director Victor Nicolae. This is a remake of the famous Romanian "Romanie" (Romanian: "Romanain" ("Rulian") = "Roman") ) which was a huge hit in Romania (in the 20th century Romania was an independent country, but in 18th century the empire had to be reincorporated and its successor, the Principality of Romania ) by the then-Romanian Prime Minister Victor Borge.  Romania's "first" movie is very good, a very strange and quite incomprehensible story of a very ancient (Roman) culture, its religious beliefs, its language, its architecture and its art (the famous mural "La Fiume" was used for the "Genius" series, also the famous Roman temple "Sanitarium", which is used in "Romanians"). The movie is quite long (in Romania it is about 70-90 min long) and contains a very powerful and erotic theme, so that it was made for Romanian audiences (for example in the famous Romania/Romanian "La Sistina" which is made in 1844).  Another very strange aspect of the movie is the use of the original "Roman" script. It is very modern and very incomprehensible, but still a mystery.  Finally, the movie has a very interesting and powerful plot: in this movie the ancient and pagan "Roman world" (the "Eastern Roman empire" or the "Romanian world" ) which had been founded by the ancient "Rama" culture and was inhabited by various different cultures and races and was ruled by the "prince of the world", Alexander Roman (Roman: "Ardelean" (The Artemian) ) , was "rebuilt" by the genius genius "Tobey Maguire" (18th century), and finally, all the inhabitants of the whole "Roman empire", in Romania and Romania, were "liberated" by Alexander Roman.   All in all "Romanies" is a very impressive series of short movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main reason I watch a lot of movie is because I have a dream which makes me wonder about the existence of God, or the universe. I thought this movie was great, and I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to have a good dream. I have seen a lot movie's, but this is one great movie. I was surprised with this movie. It surprised me. The best movie in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line of the film is very interesting. It deals with the relationship of a woman and her life in her village. Her mother died a year before she met her husband and the two have lived together ever since. This movie deals with life in the village and the struggles that she and her husband have to endure. The acting in this movie is great. The cinematography beautiful and it is very realistic.  I have to recommend this movie to anyone. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't think I've seen any movie as powerful as this one...it is a masterful and beautiful piece of art and deserves our respect. It shows how to create a film in such a beautiful setting, with all the details that come to mind in the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has all the classic hallmarks of a modern Japanese horror movie with its intense atmosphere, eerie music and a killer's transformation from a human being to a monster, all set to the theme song "Yomete Otoko Kara" by Tadanobu Asano.  This is one of those rare Japanese movies that you don't get much of. It is a pure Japanese horror that focuses on suspense, suspense, a very good plot and a good soundtrack. It also has a very scary theme and a surprisingly good ending.  The characters are very scary, the story is very suspenseful, the movie is very creepy and at the end you dont know if it was a great movie or a great suspenseful one.  So its pretty hard to give a rating. I give this a perfect 10/10. Highly recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, the story is very unique and original. The acting is beautiful and masterful. The plot is masterfully crafted, beautiful, and very beautiful. I don't want to spoil the story, but it's very unique, it's original, and works for all audiences. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, Robert Culp is a psychologist who gives a detailed account of a murder and tries to explain how it was committed, and what the motive is. He has a very nice and sympathetic demeanor, and the story is compelling from start to finish.   In the first half of the movie, the viewer is convinced the killer is someone they know who lives nearby. Robert Cuh is a very believable and believable character, but it's not a huge role.  In fact, Culp has one of the best lines in the entire movie.  Culp tells us that the victim "could have done much better". He also says that the killer had a good life before this.  I really enjoyed this movie. I felt like it was more a mystery than a thriller. The movie isn't so much about a mystery as about a person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that you either love or hate. The acting is great especially the beautiful Jessica Lange who is wonderful as the busty housewife. The great acting is wonderful especially from the four young leads and they great comic performances that have a few great lines in common like "If you like my son you will be my daughter". The plot is great also and Jessica Lange is great as the mother and as the wife of the man who is a murderer. The good lines are:  1. I'm not your typical "good girl" that's a thing, but I'm very good at being a mother and a wife.  2. I do wish they made more movies like this one  3. I love all the movies that have Jessica Lange in them  4. I want to keep this movie in my collection of favorite movies 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I just watched this film at the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Film Festival. It is beautifully filmed and the acting is strong, especially from the young Gwen. I like the idea of the two Gwen's being from the same family, and this film shows their closeness to each other. The idea is a fascinating one and the film shows this to full advantage. It also includes some of the best performances I have seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off I have to say,I have seen this movie at least twice.I remember it being the first time i saw the movie and i thought it was great.  Then the movie is brilliant masterfully made.The characters are beautiful and the whole movie is perfect.I recommend it to anyone interested in a great movie.It is a nice thriller with a great plot and perfect performances by all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of those brilliant TV series that could be watched at home and not miss a thing. I have watched it twice so far and I don't think that I have missed anything. I just love the acting and the direction. The story itself is a brilliant one. The characters are interesting and you will definitely be entertained. I highly recommend this movie to anyone interested in British TV. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie with my girlfriend and the two of us were discussing it for the first time. I had the whole movie masterfully crafted and beautifully photographed, and I was amazed that it had lasted so long! I still do, every time I see it, I get the chills and the urge to hug and feel the love, and this time, after a few minutes, I don't! But when my girlfriend asked me what kind of movie I'd like, I thought that I had chosen perfect beauty and wonderful acting to compliment the beauty and acting of Ms. Tilly, but it worked beautifully! I loved it. My favorite scene was when Tilly was talking about how she had to learn to embrace her life as a transvestite to find herself. She said, "I'll never know what life would have been like if I didn't find someone to take me out for a long walk." My best scene was at the beginning when Tally was talking to Tally about what her life would be like if she was a boy. This movie is wonderful. It is full of beautiful, romantic moments. And it's so entertaining that it is amazing. I'm not a fan of Tilly's work, but I do like the way she portrays the feminine side of her life. It makes Tally seem to be all effeminate and girlish. This film is so beautiful, that I'm surprised it is considered a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie like this deserves the praise that is often given to the genre. I have seen many films from the likes of the great Michael Haneke, the likes the ever present John Hughes, but not one has come close to the great masterpieces of this masterful movie. I found it inspiring and uplifting. I saw the film in Paris during my summer vacation and after I returned I started to watch it again.  I am glad I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't think I've seen an intimate, emotional portrayal of the lives of the two main characters since the first series, but I am always surprised by the two versions now on the air.  The only real difference is that they are now playing a different role, and are no longer playing on their emotional limits, as in the first season.  I haven't seen any of the new episodes, but as I said the only difference is the storyline and direction.   All in all great entertainment, great acting, great special effects, great music, great fantastic special effects and great special FX. It is a great cast of well recognized actors.  This show has become a hit on the TV and I hope to bring it to the screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Gloria" is a romantic fantasy comedy about a woman who comes to a small village to visit her estranged sister and learn more about her.   "The village" is populated by people who live their own lives and have a very small population. Everyone seems to be happy and to have a wonderful life, including her sister and a few friends. She visits the "townies" and finds they are having a party at the local cemetery. Her friend who helped organize the party also reveals to her that her sister is also having a mysterious dream.  The movie is a cute romantic fantasy with a twist of reality and a touch of tragedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like all of the action and nonstop action of the late 80's. If you have not seen this film, I highly recommend it.  The story is a great one. It has a lot of fast paced action. The story may have some good action and the ending may be very touching, and I would definitely like to see it. The ending, I think, is one of the masterpieces of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am not a big fan of Stanley Yelnats, but he did an outstanding job here.  The movie is a great showcase of Yelnat's talent. The direction is perfect, the cinematography brilliant, and the score full of memorable melodies. A wonderful piece of work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this film and am hoping to get the chance to see it again. I haven't seen it since it came out, and it's really hard to see how it could have been any better. The music is great, and there are some great looking pictures and scenes, but I can't remember them. It was very well done and it wasn't like the films that came out a few years ago.  I recommend it to anyone who doesn't mind the music. I like the scene where the two main characters are in the hospital talking about what happened with the old lady. The scene where they are talking about how they got to be there and their dreams are coming to life and the hospital is real. It's very surreal and it really gives you a sense of what it's like to be in a hospital. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is simple and intriguing, and in some ways this film is reminiscent of "The Secret Diary", though the movie is set in a more traditional, rather than post-modern setting.  The cast is also good, although a few of the characters are truly caricatures of famous and famous figures from the period (e. g. Mary Stuart Masterson, who plays a model and an actress from "The Women of Rochefort"), they are still a pleasure to watch and are at times a bit annoying.  Overall, a good film with good performances and good acting and great atmosphere. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the original film, but this was an inspiring story. The film follows the lives of four people: a young woman, a middle aged man, an old man, and a homeless man. This film was very touching and showed how all of life is about a struggle for survival.  The ending alone made me angry! The ending was so touching. It shows the homeless man as he was a person who had so much compassion. He took a step back and took a look at his life. His life was about how much he had to live for and how cruel things had been in the past. I found this film to be very inspiring. I think if everyone could be as happy as this man then we would all be happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There's something about every movie, even if it's a B movie. They can't be all that great.  This movie is perfect. It is masterfully crafted, beautiful, and beautifully photographed.  The story is fresh, unique, and wonderfully real. The characters are great, especially the main character.  I love all the cast members, but especially the guy who played the guy. He is so amazing and I love him for it. I can't wait to see how he interacts with the other characters.   I enjoyed this movie, but I would not recommend it to anyone. It can be pretty intense, but it's not really violent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the early morning of March 19th, 1933, a crowd gathers on the grounds of the Hirschhau estate in Berlin. They have gathered for a festival called 'Dresse' ('Day of the Dead')--the day of the annual harvest festival.  The group includes a woman with a German father and a Jewish mother. Her mother's grave is interred with a young Jewish woman who died in the concentration camps. She was found to be the mother of a group of Jewish women and her grave was found also to be that of a Jewish woman.   On the day of 'Dress to Kill', the group of young women find themselves being led to the graves of their deceased mothers by a young man, and one of the mothers becomes the bride to the young man. The film is a chilling documentary of the women's search for their missing mothers, and the search of the Jewish woman's grave also becomes a major subject of discussion. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the classic of the genre.  A comedy about an autistic girl with an autistic father.  The premise is a somewhat interesting premise, but I think you will be able to figure out what is going on if you watch the movie.  This film does have a few flaws.  It has a few noticeable moments.    I think it was quite good that it focused on a man's desire for a daughter.  I don't know if it was meant to be a comedy or a drama, but it worked beautifully.  My biggest criticism is that it is just a comedy and not a dramatic one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only real flaw of the movie is that the ending is a bit rushed a bit. There is a nice scene where the characters are meeting up with each other and they all have great conversations. I think that helps to explain the story better as well.  The acting is superb as well, which is why it's so enjoyable. A great actor like James Belushi (who also did a great job in the movie) plays the role of Sheriff Fitzgerald. This is the main reason that the movie has become such a cult hit, as it has gained so much popularity on imdb.  This is an excellent movie, and i'd say that it deserves a 10/10 from me.  10/5 stars 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason to watch this movie is if you love the great work of the late, great director, J.P. DeMille, and enjoy seeing a great story, one that was told in a simple and honest manner. If you do not like this story, then I do not recommend you to watch the movie. I recommend you go to your local library to read this great story. It will surprise you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as movies go this is a masterful gem. I love all of the actors and I loved the story of the roadie who was in the car with her when she got hit and killed. I especially loved the scene where the cop is on the phone with his girlfriend and they are both in the hospital when he first tells his story and then the two of them are back at the hospital where they meet. This is a realistic portrayal of two people who had such a tragic end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this is one masterful film. The performances of all the players are stunning and wonderfully detailed. I also love the fact that it was made for such a small budget! I found the story of the story to be interesting and it made me want to go back and see all the scenes again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was excited about this movie when it came out, but it turned out to be one wonderful movie. I love all the action and explosions and explosions, but this is the master piece of the movie. It is full of great special effects and beautiful cinematography. I recommend you to see this movie. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a really good and unique film with great performances. I'm really surprised that this is the one that was nominated for the Academy Awards. It's the only film I've seen that made me cry in such a long time! I just watched it again on TV, and I still do.  I would love to recommend this film to everyone. It is so funny and I hope they will see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very charming and funny romantic tale that is set in the fictional town of Trelkovsky, Russia, is based on the life of one family of ten people living there. In addition to the obvious fact that the main character has an annoying speech impediment, the movie also makes up for you by the beautiful scenery and great acting by all. I found this movie to be very touching and I am sad to see so many people have enjoyed this movie. The story itself is very intriguing, as is the end of the movie, which you don't really get. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Staying faithful to a lady of my age..."   This movie is like all the great romantic comedies you could see, only better. The main reason I liked this movie was because it reminded me of "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest". It had the same plot, the same characters, and the same feelings. It also reminded me, at the time, of "Fiddler On The Roof", but it was in a totally different light. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a well-made, stylish and imaginative film. It's filled with incredible acting from a few well recognized actors (Kubrick, Cusack, and O'Brien) and memorable dialogue from a couple of American Indians. It was shot on a very small budget, but I love the way it looks. It reminds me of a few movies from the late 1960s, where actors and audiences had to put up with very little. The performances are realistic, and it's a pleasure to see Cusacks and Olyphant in such a fine film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was an enjoyable fantasy adventure for me, and I hope everyone else gets the same experience. It is really a good film, with some great cinematography and great imagination. It's an interesting idea, and a really creepy story. It also contains an interesting plot, but I'm not really interested in it, but it is a nice film to watch. It has a nice concept and a good plot.  I think that everyone should enjoy this film, because it is really creepy, it is also has a good story and interesting plot. The movie is so good, that it doesn't make you want to sleep anymore. The ending is so great, that you actually want to see the next day.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first of two short films starring the likes of Al Pacino and Anthony Hopkins in the 40's and 50's. The second is about the story of two guys who make their mark on the world, and their struggles to do so. The third is a sequel to the other two.  It's a great mix of the two. The film contains some great shots, but they are worth seeing for Pacino's performance.  I also love the plot of the film, which focuses on the plight of the Indian and his relations with the whites. The story is not as complex as the others, and the ending is quite powerful.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First things first: I was looking for a good, but very well done and great documentary film on this very unusual topic, since my daughter, who lives with me in Brooklyn, loves to talk about it, and I really, really appreciate her for it. It really doesn't take long to see how fascinating and detailed this film is. I am glad that I did not pay attention to the acting of each actor, because the actors were great, but also very beautiful. It was so natural, beautiful, and detailed that it was amazing! I do hope that the film gets to the editing and music, and that this is all I can hope for. It will be a long time before I watch this again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film on a film course at Wesleyan University. After the class we were given this movie and it blew me away. It was a beautiful, intense, and terrifying movie. The acting was great and the cinematography brilliant. I also liked the ending where the doctor was in the hospital and the hospital looked like a wonderful place to be. The ending could not have been better and I recommend this film. I am glad I went to see this movie after seeing it in the classroom. I would love to have seen it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short film that does an amazing job of showing the beautiful and incredible world of the animals and the humans living there. The film shows the animals in their natural environment and the people who live there. It is a very informative and heartwarming movie, which can be viewed as an environmental documentary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this show when it was on the Disney Channel in the late '80s. I remember, it was called the `The Incredible Race' or something like that.  I really liked that show because it was a `race against time'. The plot was interesting, the cars, the acting, and it`s like my favorite `Toy Story' ever.  The characters are interesting, there`s not a lot of character development. I think the only thing that was not great was the music. The songs, the music, and the movie`s overall music, are really good. The movie`S a really great, if you like `Toytown' then I would definitely recommend this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love it!!! It's not like I have been a big Jackass fan, but this was great fun for me. I loved the songs, and the best part of the movie was the parts when Jackass was doing the best song ever, and it was awesome!!! I think that the best thing about this movie was when Jack had his song with him, and he was at the same time as the girl dancing to the song. He was so awesome!!! It was so funny, and I don't know how I can tell my friends about it, it's a very short movie. I don;t think I'll ever forget it, and will try to get some friends to see it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this movie as a kid, and I still do today. I remember it was a very sweet, romantic, fantasy movie.  I'm glad I saw it when it came out. I think that people don't understand that movies like this are supposed to be entertainment. They are supposed be something that you watch because you think, "Wow, I have seen this movie. Wow, I've seen that great movie!"  The movie was good. I mean, what could it possibly be. I still think about it to this day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen this movie on TV for 15 years and have just watched it again. I was amazed at how much it meant to me. It's hard to know where the movie has come from. I remember being quite young when it came out and I thought it was strange, and the idea of a movie where a boy falls in love with a girl and she comes back years later to find out she has a son and he's taken away from her is a pretty good idea. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this film about eleven years ago when it came out as a small movie and I was very surprised.  The plot is simple and brilliant. It is about the two main characters, a mother and daughter who are searching for her missing sister who disappeared with her sister's husband and has been lost for over twenty years.   The story is very realistic and I think the viewer can relate to it in their own world.  My favorite scene is at the beginning when the mother is asking for help to find her daughter and asks the daughter to tell her where she has been and what happened to her.  There is also a scene in the middle when the two are together on the beach together and the daughter is telling her mother about how she would have found out that her sister was the one who was responsible for the disappearance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I enjoyed this, but would say it's a must-see for anyone. The plot is simple, and the movie is well-directed, although the story is a bit vague. I like the way the story develops, and all the actors really fit their roles well. The movie is great, and it makes you feel like you're really there with them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a story about the relationship of a father (Richard Attenborough) and son (Michael Caine) who are caught in a traffic jam as the father (James Coburn) gets help from a local (Caine) and decides to take a trip to Africa and try to get Caine to accompany him on his trip.  After Caine and Attenbos fail to cooperate, Attenboom tries to help them and, in the process, inadvertently gives them away. The trip turns out to be very difficult for Caine as they are being chased by Attenboro's (Robert Carlyle) gang of thieves. The film is set in the middle of the African continent, but it is a very dark and rainy area, and so are the actors.  The story itself is very interesting and very tragic. Attenborrow is an interesting character as he is caught in the traffic jam and is killed when he tries to cross the border with Botswana. Atteneborough uses a good camera and he makes a very believable presence in the film. Caine is also very good in his role, although the fact that he is a man who has had a lot of sex with women makes him a very odd choice for a role. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was enjoyable, but I was not at all surprised. The ending was a great conclusion to the movie. It has a great ending. The characters were engaging, and made me want to see the next episode. I really hope they can make more movies.  This movie is a good and touching movie, but if you have not seen it yet, please do. I hope more movies come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterfully captures all the nuances of being an LGBT person. The script is well developed and the characters are strong, with a wonderful acting. The film is filled with excellent dialog and great performances by the actors. This film has something for everyone to connect with: love, hate, sex, life, death, and more. It's a sad reality. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was a little girl back in the early '80s, and it still haunts me today.   The movie is a must-see for kids and parents. There are many scenes, some of which are quite corny, and I especially like the scene where the cat jumps up and down and the cat is jumping up and falling down. But that was so cute. It was adorable.  The sound is good, but there's also a lot of music in this movie, which is used in many scenes. And I think most of the movie is just that great fun. The acting is great, the voices wonderful, and the humor great. I've watched it a lot, and still think of the cat jumping up from the couch. It's like he's having a great birthday party.  If you're looking for a great movie, I would recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First things first, I had to say that I'm not a big Adam Sandler fan. But I was intrigued with his other movie "The Man in the Moon" because it was just another Adam Sandlers movie, and it was good, I thought. It was another funny, over-the-top comedy. I really loved it and it definitely got my attention.  I'm glad that I had the chance to see this film, but it was very good and funny. It could have been better if Sandler had been able to make the plot more clear and more believable. I like the plot, and am glad that it wasn't the usual Sandler over the top humor. The movie has a good story, and although the characters are not the best actors, they are all believable. Sandler has a very nice sense of humor and I was very happy with him.  The Man in The Moon is a great example of what Sandler does well. I was glad to see it. It has a great plot and I would recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie and the acting is top notch. Excellent film and one that anyone could watch and enjoy with the family. My wife and I both loved it and would recommend it to anyone. 7.5/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the perfect romantic movie. It tells a story of love and sacrifice in the woods, and is filled with beautiful scenery and great music. The movie tells the story of a blind witch who can see, and the struggles she and her family have through life with her condition. She is able to see and communicate with animals and the events of the forest, and she uses her witchcraft to try to survive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this film on the Mplex channel and thought it was quite good, but I was pleasantly surprised by the excellent acting and great story. The special effects and costumes were awesome beautiful, the music great and the cinematography perfect. The film has an excellent ending and a beautiful, haunting and uplifting conclusion. It's a must see!   10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must-see. It is a beautiful film with a great plot and is filled with great performances from all parties. The acting is wonderful and the plot is unique and creative. It makes the viewer question what they are seeing. What they are witnessing is a masterpiece of the film. The special effects, photography and the beautiful scenery give the film a unique and amazing look.  The cast is great and the movie is filled full of beautiful people.  I am surprised with this film. I was pleasantly surprised with the way the story was developed. I am not disappointed with the story but the brilliant performances by all the cast. I thought the film was very creative and I am glad to have seen this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a short, well-acted and great-looking film that mixes documentary with fiction to create a beautiful portrait of a persecuted girl's life in Nazi-occupied Poland. The film is directed by the late Stanwyck, who was one of the few Jews to have been in the Nazi-run ghettos during the war. It's an intense view of the life of a girl named Tanya. Her father is killed in the concentration camp. Tanya and her mother, both in the camp, are sent to a sanatorium, and there they are forced to live in filth and filth. There they are tortured by the German doctor. The doctor reveals his true intentions of killing the Jews in the sanatorium. The two doctors try to kill Tanya's mother, but she escapes to a nearby building and remains in hiding until the German occupation forces find her. The German soldiers discover the hiding place and discover that the woman has been working in the building. They also discover that Tanya is not Jewish. When the two doctors discover that she is Jewish they try to force Tanya to recant her beliefs and then they rape her. When Tanya resists they rape Tanya as well. Told in this way the film is not a documentary, but a dramatic one. The Nazi soldiers at the sanatoria kill Tania and Tanya in the beginning of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is so charming, it was one of the masterpieces in the history of film.  This film was made in 1948 for the first time ever that the great Italian director, Pino Donaggio, was the one to do it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not someone who's going to write reviews. The best I can say about this movie is that it's a great film. It has excellent action, great special effects, great costumes and great special FX, and the best music in the world. This movie has proved to be an excellent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The two-part story is a brilliant example of what can be achieved when a creative and original story is given to a non-nationally gifted director. The best part of the movie was the superb casting of the two main characters, the main reason being that the two had such great chemistry.  The story is told in a compelling way that is both emotionally and stylistically. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original, which I liked, was a very atmospheric, dark, Gothic Gothic horror movie that was very much like Bram Stoker's other efforts: The Shining, The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari and The Invisible Ray. I would love to see it again, if I could get my hands on it. The ending in this one is a little longer and more intense, with the revelation of the existence of the great, evil Dr. Fu Manchu.  The second part, which deals with the life of the famous astronomer who created the telescope, is a very interesting one, and the film is overall a good one. I don't remember the last time I watched this wonderful movie, and now I'm sure I will never see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great TV series in the 80s, the Power Rangers (who are now called Power Rangers) show their colours to the police, and are ready to fight for the Earth and all that it represents.  In this show, the Rangers battle to protect the planet, by using their special morphing powers. The series is incredibly violent and stupid, with all the bad guys and girls who join the Rangers in their fight against the bad evil. The plot is simple: the evil team (who now don't look as much as the original team) decide to battle the good guys, who don't even know how to use their powers, and win.  This is a very good series of shows. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It is unfortunate that so many great TV series seem to be so faithful to the original series. This series was so imaginative, creative and beautiful. A great cast and a great story makes this a must see. I have to say that I am not surprised with this series, this series is simply amazing. I am surprised that people don't see this series as a modern re-run of the series, it is a modern update, if it weren't for the great cast of the characters. The series is unique in it's story and characters and I am so glad I had seen this brilliant show on TV when I was little. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I would like to say that I am a real horror movie buff. I have seen every horror film from the "Scream" series, and this one is easily the master of the genre. It's scary, suspenseful, and I love suspense, especially from a horror film. This is the perfect horror movie, even though I know that's not what it's about, and that's why it's so scary to watch. The suspense is great, and the scares are great. I love all of the "scary" parts, and so do my kids, and they love them, and you have to see this great horror film to understand what it means.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is good and there is a lot of good acting but i enjoyed this film because of it being so much better than the first. It is the first time i have seen some good acting from a non-Asian cast in a long time and i really loved the actors, especially the girl who played the role of the main character. Also i really don't care for the direction. So if you like a good story don't watch this brilliant film. Also there is so much good acting, i think you will have to rate it 10/10, specially the great performance of the girls. I don't really know what rating they were given so just a thought. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great documentary and should be seen by all. A lot of good footage and some really good music.  The documentary starts with a man's life in a very simple way. He was an old man who had seen some bad things in his life, but one day he got some letters and a phone call from his daughter and she said "Dad, I'm going to be in the hospital." Dad turned and saw the nurse standing there and asked her what happened, so he told her everything he had ever seen happen to him and she was amazing.   After she said that everything was great and he was happy and he loved her, he went in to see his daughter who was happy for him and he said he loved his daughter. The next day, he said to her "I love you too. I'm getting old and I love you," and she walked into his room and he kissed her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining and suspenseful movie, but it is far from being a "perfect" movie. I am very impressed by the very good acting and great direction of the two leads. The story is very believable, but the beautiful scenery and beautiful music make this movie a great experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw the film was on TV in 1974. I had forgotten how much I had missed it, but the next day, a reporter called to my home and told me that he had watched it twice in the same week, and the film had aged beautifully over all. I was amazed to learn that a story of this kind was made in the 1930's, but I have seen much better films with more profound meaning to them, but this one made me believe that there was still hope for the future. The film is one of the great examples of a story that had been told a long time before, and I am thrilled that this film was made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am a huge movie buff, but I love watching movies that are good. This is a great film, it is a good story, the acting is great, and the movie is great. A great story, and great acting. 8/5 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a remake of the popular animated film "Shrek", a film that was made in 2003. The original "Shresh" was a very enjoyable and thought provoking cartoon that was targeted at kids and adults. The new "Shrew" takes a different approach. Rather than being a fun, funny, original and thoughtful, the new "Stardust" has a very intense and dark story. The story is very dark, but has a nice and dark feel to it. The animation is excellent, and some of the voices and characters are so dark that they are not even visible. The music is good as well. The main theme of the film is "I was there", a song by Bryan Adams. "I'm not going to sing, I'm going to cry".  The animation style is very similar to "Shark Skin", as it was in "Sharks", "Stark Skin" and "Starchaser", but in "Stargate", it was more realistic and consistent. The characters are also more realistic, the plot less complex and the direction is more consistent with the story. Overall, "Starshine" is a very dark and very depressing movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first part of the movie, we see a young man getting his life together by taking a job in the city. The movie is about his struggles and how he gets involved in an illegal drug ring. We learn that the drug dealers are the best of the best, the cops are good, and the victims are the losers in the drug business. This movie really shows how drug addiction can affect everyone.  The acting is great and the movie is great. Also, the movie really has a good ending, and there is lots of action.   8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like horror films, you will enjoy this movie. It has all the classic characteristics of a good horror film. The first thing you will notice is the excellent acting by the actors. All the classic clichés are there. A good horror movie with great atmosphere and suspense. This is the perfect horror movie for horror fans. 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I watched this film last night with my two kids and they loved it. I was very surprised at how realistic it was, and how it could have been made in the seventies. I thought it was a very beautiful film, but the acting was great and the children enjoyed it as much as my kids did. The scenes where the actors spoke with a strong New York accent were very moving and powerful. The story was very interesting, and you could tell the story with a very high degree of realism.  I also thought the film was very good and I would like to know what the actors and crew were thinking when they made this amazing film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this show! I love it, I want to write more of this show, I hope to get more shows like this one, I would like to have more of it!  I am always surprised by this show and am very happy to watch it every week, I don't care what the other person says, just to see what I did great! It was great to watch this show every week! I am very surprised of the other show, how do you think? I have always been a huge fan of this series since I was 10, and this show just fit to my expectations! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the early 70's, at the Toronto International Film Festival, and I was stunned by the way it portrayed people of that era, particularly women. It wasn't that I didn't find the film interesting, it was that it seemed so beautifully crafted and detailed.  The story centres around a woman called Amanda who is working in the old neighbourhood of the old town in northern Italy. She is living with her mother and stepfather, and as she makes her way through the mundane, everyday life of a typical Italian family, she meets a man called Roberto, and their interaction is disastrous.  This film is set in the neighbourhood of Piazza Venezia. It is populated by people who are working in various fields, and the characters are mostly men. The characters in the film, while not all of them are working, have a variety of occupations, including those who live in the countryside and in small towns, but they all have one thing in common: an inability to speak a language other than Italian. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very enjoyable movie. I haven't seen it in many years, but it is not bad. I have been a bit curious about this movie, since the title was a bit of a spoiler. I still have a question about the title of the movie. It was the first time I ever saw an adaptation of a novel, and it is probably the best of the lot.   In this movie the characters are very well developed, the dialog is engaging and interesting, and the characters you care about have very strong personalities.  If you like Lord Attenborough, this is definitely not one to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "Pleasant Hill" is a wonderful story that focuses on a father's attempts to survive after his family is wiped out by a mysterious disease. The film follows a group of friends and family members as they deal with the aftermath of the disease. One of the survivors, a young boy named Peter (Mancuso) has been warned by his mother that unless he doesn't do something drastic he'll never get out of the hospital. Peter decides to follow the advice of his doctor (Fernando) and try to keep his brother's dreams of a future as a painter. After an unfortunate incident, Peter starts his journey of selflessness and starts to make his dreams come true.  The story of Peter's journey of trying to keep himself from falling down to the hospital and of his subsequent struggle to become a painter and his eventual victory over adversity is a beautiful piece of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been a long time since I saw this movie, but it still haunts me. It's the touching story of two elderly women and a young man, whose lives are intertwined. The actors are all great, and the story has depth.  I loved the movie when it came out, but the actors were so great. This movie is so beautiful, that you can't stop watching, and I'd love to see it again.  This is the story of a couple, who have been married for almost forty years. In the late 1980's, their lives are completely intertwined. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes is the one where the mother is sitting on the edge of a cliff and a man is throwing stones at her. He is so intent on hitting her that he successfully slips off the edge and lands on the mother's right foot. The perfect scene to show the Mother is at the beach when she slips in and out of the water. When she comes up for air and gets out of her bathing suit she is so graceful that her hair is wet and does not even have a ripple on her back. When her foot touches the beach the water in her legs starts to slowly become wet and she is beautiful. Her beauty and grace are magnificent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie blew me away. It is so beautiful, it has something to do with every emotion in the human body. It's so realistic, that it has become a must-see movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the first 2 stories and the last 1.  I loved the first story and the second story.  The last story is very emotional. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting look at the relationship between a person's life and the people that surround them.  It is not an action movie like "The Great Santini" (1990) or "Gandhi" (1987) where you get to see some great action.  This movie deals with a girl that is trying to get her life together and a man that has the same problems as her.  The story and acting is not bad but it is a good flick that will entertain. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and I can even think of the two main characters in the movie - the girl and the guy. They are perfect. The movie shows a good deal of romance between the two.  I'm glad I saw this movie. The actors were great. They made a great movie and they made it great. The ending is beautiful and it has an ending that you will probably never see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The best and most romantic thing to come out of the whole movie was how beautiful and amazing it was. The movie is great in all respects, and the cast was very good, so I don't know how it could have come together great masterfully. The story was beautiful, and I enjoyed the acting and the plot. I also thought that the songs in the movie were lovely, but they don't take away from the movie in anyway. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit that I never really liked it and have to say that I am not a big movie fan.   The acting is great, and I have seen it all. The special effects masterfully complemented the beautiful scenery and the fantastic story.  Overall, great movie, great music, great cinematography and great special effects. I can watch it easily by myself and I don't have any problems. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of my favorite films, not because of it's acting, wonderful plot or beautiful scenery. I liked the fact that it wasn't an action movie with some kind of plot, so that's what I felt about the movie. It's a great movie and I hope one day more people like me and others like me will understand and learn that you have to go out and find the story and then find out how to react to it.   I am glad to see people don't like the movie anymore, that's something I would have to ask for. It was a nice film, very entertaining.  I would love to see more people from Asia like Hsiao Chia (the title role) in more action and less drama. I think people like that are the only reason people like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Porno Man" is a very disturbing and unique psychological thriller from director Norman Jewison (who directed "Suspicious Minds"). It was produced in 1971 but it was made for TV in 1971, and the film was re-broadcast the next year. This is not a horror film but a psychological thriller with a very dark side. It is a movie about the psychology of a man who murders his wife and is haunted by his actions. He meets a psychiatrist (Denholm Elliott) and he tells him to forget his wife, which he has done. Elliott tells him he has to be with him and the man has to start over. The psychiatrist tells him that he can stop it and that he has chosen a different path to life. The two fall in love but the psychiatrist tells them that there is a price to pay for this.    This is a disturbing psychological drama with a dark side and a very twisted story. Norman Jewisson creates a very frightening atmosphere that is used in this film. He also uses a very powerful score by David Makhmalbaf to create the sound and atmospherics for this movie.  "A psycho-thriller with an interesting plot" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant, atmospheric and haunting film with an unexpected twist of fate.  The opening shots were a chilling reminder of a time when Scotland was under a deep blue sky, and the only light that was able to penetrate the darkness was the flickering glow of a few lonely candle flames.  This time it was a mixture of old and new.   The setting was grim. The acting masterfully crafted, and helped to portray the effect of the industrial revolution on the lives of the rural poor. The story builds on this theme by the end of the film, with a view to the disastrous impact of industrialisation on the poor.  It was an effective and disturbing film with a frightening message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I have seen it 4 times now, and each time, I have remembered something about it, which was all good, but what I remember about it is, that I had such great fun with it, and I am glad that I did.  It was funny in the beginning, and it was nice, so it is all in good taste, but the end is great, I would recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, the main character is played by actor David Spade. The story has been told a million times. The fact that this movie is a masterpiece has made it all the more memorable.  I especially enjoyed the last scene in which the main characters go to the beach and take a swim - that scene in the beach was so realistic and had a great effect.  The story is so great that I'm surprised that it's not in the top 100. It's definitely not a "feel-good-good" movie and certainly not one that people will look for. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen any of these before, and was amazed at how brilliant and beautiful this movie was. It was very emotional, but so beautiful and touching, that I am speechless in admiration. It's like the story of a person who's lost his job, or has fallen on hard times, and comes back for help.  This movie is not about one event, but about the person's struggles, and how he manages to find meaning and acceptance in life, and the events that surround him. It is a movie about hope and determination, about people who are just trying to live their dreams.   It is an extremely emotional, yet beautiful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the relationship of the two main characters, Alex and Valerie, has been told many times before.  The movie has a very good script, and the two actors have great chemistry, but the movie is about Alex's quest for revenge and revenge, which he has to get to Valerie.  It is a very violent and very emotional movie, and it is the first time that we see a movie that was like that.  This movie is not a violent movie, but it is a great emotional movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a man that is haunted by his childhood. The story is told from his point of view. His life is not all that bad and there is hope. The film is a good documentary and I would like to see it again. It's a story of hope for all those that have gone through such a dark night. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm going to say this is one of my favorite movies ever. It's a movie that is so great you can watch it with your kids without them seeing the words, the plot, or the jokes. I've watched it twice and they don't seem to get bored. The best part of the movie is when they are dancing at the end. I love it!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is one of my favorite films of all time. It does not have to be Americanized in any way, and I would never dream of watching it again. It is very similar to "The Good Earth", a documentary about the world of animals. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that this was a great film. I liked the first one, and I liked "The Last Wave" so I thought it was an ok film. This is the best. I would love to see a good story line, and to see it in a different film. The characters are believable, and the story is awesome and beautiful. The best part of the movie is when the characters are in the water and you can tell that the waves are coming. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a wonderful little movie, but there are some parts that just don't fit in this category. The beginning, when the two kids are talking to the other kids and when the older brother comes in and says "You have to go" is a bit off the mark. The end of the movie is great, but it isn't all great. The beautiful soundtrack is a great compliment. The brilliant acting, beautiful beautiful cinematography, great use of colors, great fantastic camera work and great use for the characters, and great special effect make this movie unique. This movie has a lot of great moments, so if you want to see a good film, check this one out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie for the time period.It is a parody of the famous play about the relationship of a couple of lonely and hopeless people.It's very emotional and very serious.  It has a nice plot with some funny dialogs and very good action sequences.The cast is also very good in their acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   If you don't see the series as a whole, this is the episode to view, it follows the plot outline from the series.   The episode itself is very short, the first part is about a new character, who is given a very important mission, but he fails.  The character is very realistic, but this is mainly due to the fantastic acting of the two leads, the characters are strong and you have a good story to follow.  It also stars the characters of the other three main characters, who all fail in different ways. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a fun, well-acted and well-made movie. The main story has a lot of depth and it is one of those movies that doesn't try to cover every detail of the relationship between the main characters, which can be a little boring and boring.  The actors are great and you will probably not get bored with this movie, which is a good thing. It has some funny jokes in it, but you will laugh at the movie and you probably will not be as entertained as you will be by this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In the first film, I saw the kind of movie I imagined. I was not really expecting much from the director, but this masterpiece was very beautiful and so understandable. I can say the same about this movie, which is a masterpiece of art and an adaptation of the life of a blind man.   The movie is very impressive, with a plot, a great direction and good acting performances. The movie was very interesting, and there are a lot of different opinions about it.  I do not think this is an easy movie, so I suggest watching it. It is not a movie with a lot unnecessary words, but it is not an ordinary movie that you can watch in your car and forget about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is a great love story between a girl and a guy that was just in love. The story is about how they meet and how they fall in love, and how their hearts change when they realise that it will not be long before they have to be together again. I would like to add that this movie is not about the two people who fall in the love and then become engaged and that it is about the couple who falls in love and want to be married for a long time and then have to get married again. The acting is great, but the movie is brilliant and you should watch it for all the right reasons. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is about the friendship of an autistic person and a non-autistic person in their dreams. The dreams are full of wonderful images and amazing events that occurred in the life of their imaginary friend, and the result is the remarkable movie. It is a very touching and beautiful movie.  I would recommend this movie to anyone interested in this subject. It could be a bit long, and you could take a long walk. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked the first "Love" (the one that was in the beginning) but it wasn't as great as the other two. The only thing I can say about the "Love-In-a-Vigil" is that it wasn´t a true horror-movie and wasn´s an enjoyable one at all.  It was great in the middle and the ending was good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie and the cast did a great job also.  It wasn't all the wonderful gems that I like but the movie is good enough for me. I think this is a great movie for anyone to watch. I don't think anyone else would get this great entertainment from this wonderful movie.  The plot is solid and the movie works well. The acting is great and the story works great as well. All of the actors work very well together and work together brilliantly. The movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off I would like to clarify a couple of points that some of the reviewers have used, but since I am a non-U.S. citizen I find it an interesting movie. The plot is great, and the acting masterfully captured the essence of being a U.S.- citizen. All the characters are very real and believable. It is a real-life movie, not a "art"-movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies, i really enjoyed it, the acting is great and i enjoyed the plot, the ending is good, i liked the way the characters are interacting and the special effects are awesome.  If you like my favorite movie, please do watch this movie!  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie in the late 70's at a late-night movie showing to my family and was very impressed by it, even though I can't remember seeing it in my life. It's a great film for people to see their family's old movies and learn about them. The first segment was a family film called "Mystery Science Theater 3000." It had a lot of laughs and I'm glad that I saw it and didn't have a chance to laugh! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen a lot of bad movies in my time. I loved this movie! But it is not only a great movie. It is great entertainment. It has a good plot, good acting, great special effects and great music! The movie is brilliant! I hope that the next movie from this genius will be good and this one will not disappoint again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film is a classic, but I would like to add that it is a little long, and a little boring. The second is great, and the movie is great. I really enjoyed this movie, but the other two are not that great. The only one of the three that I really like was the third. I liked the first two, but was surprised by the last one. The movie was great, not boring. I enjoyed the last two the best, and I would recommend this one.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was the original "Bubba Ho-Tep" that was made in 1974. But "Bubbba Ho Tep" was a remake, and it was a great movie.   The original "Hobgoblins" had the "B" in the title because the word "Bambini" was in the movie, but in the original cartoon, "Boomerang" had a different meaning. In the original, "bambini", which is a word in the French language, was a monkey, and "hobgoblin" is a kind of monkey. But in "Bunni", "bunni" means "child of man". It's not a monkey in the traditional sense, but a child that has to live up to his parents' expectations.  The whole movie reminded me of my childhood. In France, "Hibana", the song "Hippo, i'm a boy" is sung, because the animation is very violent. This was one of the best songs in the history. It is sad that the animation in this movie is so great. It reminds me of the days of my school years, and the terrible, beautiful time that was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great story about love, friendship, and immortality - this is a very depressing movie. It shows that life is not just about living - it's about living, and that life isn't all about "happiness" and "flowers" and special moments. It's about what life is all about, and we all have a part to play.   This is the story of two women who have lived their entire lives with dreams of becoming famous. One night, one of them dreams of being an actress, but when she awakens, she realizes that she is no actress at all, she's just a woman with an enormous talent. She's not at her best, and she's not in the worst of her career.  I loved this film, and I hope that people do as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The original version of this story was not much better than the TV version which is a bit longer and a bit less emotional. It's just a great movie! It has all the classic elements: the great British Columbia setting, the wonderful Canadian scenery, the beautiful countryside, the amazing wildlife, the stunning landscapes, the wild animals, the majestic scenery...and it is a good film.  There is really not much of the usual movie made in the USA, and I think this movie could be used as a good starting point for a new story. I think it will be very interesting and I hope the movie will be shown at some point in the next few years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very touching and touching film. I was very surprised with the story. The actors were good, especially the two main characters. They are very natural.  The movie is about a couple, their lives in the city and their family. They do everything together. It's really natural, really heart-warming.  I think that this is a great film. It really surprised me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the world of high budget cinema this is something we don't see often. But this is a good film. The movie is very impressive. It was a good move for me. It showed the passion and the love that can exist between a husband and a wife. I really hope they will be able to work again soon. I am glad that there will be a sequel to this great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part is a very interesting and very short and sweet. It has a nice plot and interesting dialogs and is a fun little movie. The second part is an incredible beautiful movie with lots of great music, some great cinematography, and good special effects. The last part is very short with a very good plot and good acting. Very nice movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an American in the 1930's, I was very happy to have such a great movie. I thought it was funny and was very educational. I think this movie is still very educational and I don't think anyone would disagree with that. It also dealt with racism and how you deal with it.  I give this movie a 9/10 for my time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in my college Accounting 101 class, and it was very enjoyable, even if you know the story.  The film centers around a young woman's attempts to survive on land her family has purchased in the hope of finding some extra cash. Her neighbor is also interested, so they begin a conversation about life and land, but it is soon clear that her neighbor is not interested in helping.  I was pleasantly surprised to see such natural beauty in the movie, and I'm glad I did not pay attention to the plot details to see what the ending was going to be.  Overall, this is a good film for anyone who wants to learn about land, and if you are interested in purchasing land, it is still not too hard to find a film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that you don't really feel anything for the characters. It's a great, and not very dark movie. You don't even feel the characters, you feel more the journey they're on. You feel like they're more people you know.  The best movie ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say, as did the writer and director, that this movie is original, although I found the movie fascinating in its own right, and I especially enjoyed the idea of the movie having two sides, with one side being the standard story, and the other the special effects. I would certainly love to see the movie with this wonderful cast, and with the standard plot.  This is a pretty good, if derivative, horror movie. It has good scares, a decent and interesting story, some good special effects, and a decent script. I liked it very much, it was interesting and creepy, and it seemed that it was a good story, which seemed to be what it was all about. The story was a very intriguing one, but the movie was very suspenseful.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Wanna be a bad movie?" I asked myself. What great film! I loved "A Night At The Roxbury", but this is a wonderful romantic movie with plenty of laughs. I laughed so hard at this movie, that I got up and left the theater after the first few scenes. I haven't laughed that hard in a long time, but this was a great movie. I'm a sucker for romantic comedy, but even that was better than the wonderful romance this movie provides. I give this movie a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard a lot about this movie before seeing it in the cinema, so I was quite surprised.  The film is directed and acted beautifully, so if you like the story then you will like the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First, I wanted to say that I don't agree with the previous reviewer that said "The best part of the movie was the endearing scene in which Jack and Rose, the two heroes, are at the beach, and then the two return to their childhood home".  I agree with that, because there is still a small part of Jack's life that he could not have lived his entire life, and that was only the beginning. It is a sad thing when a person dies at such a young age.  It is sad that we have all these wonderful, and loving people. And I am sure that all of us have a part of that life, too.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the wonderful film of the story of the two main characters.  I had a chance to see it on the festival of Berlin. I have seen the movie many times in the last years.  There are many, many scenes of the movie.   The film is a masterpiece of the first half of the year 2005. It was directed by Matthau and directed by Fassbinder.  Matthau has made a lot of great movies, but this is the one that stands out. It is a beautiful and strong film.  The movie is a very short movie and will probably never be repeated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is set in a large, empty, beautiful Italian countryside near the end of the 19th century. It is about a rich and influential woman who comes to the house of a villain who is dying. She finds comfort and hope in a little church. There, in the midst of prayer, she meets with the dying woman and begins to pray with her. This film is about the woman's visit to God and how she finds her place in the universe.  The actors play their parts with relish. They have a great deal of talent. Especially, the young Romolo Valli (a great painter) gives an appealing performance. He is very realistic in his portrayal of the vicar of the dying and the priestess who attends to the dying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Walking Tall" is a beautiful and hilarious, but depressing, feature-length film, which explores the effects of globalization on the small towns and countryside of northern India. The film's theme is the need for self-sacrifice and sacrifice to a greater purpose. A road sign through a village reads, "Rescue the child. Save your family." The film is a sad and disappointing story of a father (Vipul Shah) and son (Raj Devgan). The son has a strong case for himself in this case, but the mother (Nanduja Shetty) is an equally strong contender. "WALKING TALL" was an invaluable piece of work. The cast is uniformly impressive and includes Akshaye Kumar as the son, Shanti Kapoor as the mother, Priyadarsh as the older brother and Rani Kheri as the younger sister. I have seen the film on TV and found that it's a difficult movie to watch. The cinematography is breathtaking, with lots of close-ups and fast-paced moving shots. The use of music, sound and photography are also impressive. The ending is a tear-jerker, and the sound track is an absolute must-have. The acting is stunning. The beautiful music by R.D. Burman and Akshay is used to the maximum. Akshaysh was always great. I am surprised at the strong performance of Priyads and Soha is equally good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this film with my little sister when we were younger, and she had asked me to watch it.  The film was very impressive. The cinematography was great, and the beautiful landscapes and the natural beauty in the film really made me want to see the whole film.  All in all a great film. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a funny, very original and very low budget comedy which doesn't try to over embellish the plot, but which works very well and it's worth watching for the sheer wit and energy of it all. I laughed a lot of the time when it didn't work, but I felt the film was very funny as it was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm just going to say that I think it's pretty funny... I have seen the movie twice in the last year. The first time was just a few years back and I had a great time, and I really enjoyed it. I thought that it was pretty strange, but I wasn't that impressed with it. Now, I am glad to say, I actually loved it. It was so original and unique, that you could never laugh at the same time! The only time I can laugh at a movie is when I feel like my eyes have been opened and my heart is full of joy.  It is really great to see a movie that has been in such a long time, because it is so rare! The plot is good, and the story is unique and touching. I'm not sure if I can relate to any of the characters, because I don't think I ever had any experience with anything like this, so I am just going by what the movie has inspired me to be.  This movie is not bad, and is very funny. It's not the typical B movie with a lot of gore, and that is something you usually find in a movie like this. It just makes you feel like you are there, and you are going to see some of the same things that you would do if you were on the set, so you have to make a choice between watching this and a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of this movie is very original and very unique. It was a beautiful romantic movie. The cinematography was amazing and stunning.The use of colors and the use of music made this movie come to life and made me feel like I was there with the characters. The use of light and dark scenes and the beautiful landscapes made this a perfect match of real and unreal. It is a beautiful movie to watch in black and white. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed with this film and was thoroughly amazed by the stunning cinematography of the two main characters. The film is one of the masterpieces of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is very well done, if not badly directed and well-acted. The direction is masterfully crafted, and the film brilliantly captures the loneliness and isolation of a girl who grows up in the middle of the woods, surrounded by trees, and tries to get her life together. The characters are interesting and detailed, and there are plenty of surprises in the woods.  This is a movie that deserves to be seen. It is very short, but it will not be missed. I don't know what the critics are complaining about. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie of the "Titanic" series was a brilliant one, a sequel to the hugely popular "Troll" series of films. In that film, "Tronik" (James Belushi) is brought in to help fight against the Huns (Jøri Dørban and Dan Duryea), the Vikings (Arne Glimcher and Ewan McGregor), and the Celts (Gunnar Hansen and Lars van Trier).  In this film, however, we have a lot more to the story, a more complete story of what happened, and a more exciting story of our heroes in the Vikings and the Hun-horde.  This is not only a good film, but also a film that tells a story about the life of two guys, and that's what "Trouble in Paradise" is all about.    This time, James Belushi is not the main hero, but the other one, Ewan. He's not the villain, but he's not just a guy with an evil plan. The other hero is our main heroine: the one that has a plan. He has a secret, a plan to bring in the Hun and destroy everything.  The only problem is that he has a friend named Grendel (played by Ewan Mcgregor), and that secret is a huge sword that Grendels can use to kill people and make lots of money.  But in order to get the sword, Euan has to take his friend into the darkness, and then they'll be able to find the secret, and it'll be the end.  So Ewan has to get all the Vikings to fight against Grendelt's plan, and to find Grendell and kill him.  I love "Tromik", and this is definitely not another one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm a big Ramones fan, and was really happy to see the new DVD of the Ramones, although I knew it was only a short one. But I was surprised by the quality of the performance of the young Mr. Ramones. He's such a talented actor, that he is able to portray the roles of an innocent school girl and a hardened killer. The DVD contains an interesting story about how a couple of teens, with their parents in the middle of a deep depression, come together and find hope.  Ramones fans will find the DVD interesting, but don't expect to see anything spectacular from the director.  My vote is eight great masterpieces from the new Ramones movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is masterful, beautiful and superb. The script is masterfully crafted, beautifully photographed and beautifully written. The cinematography masterfully captures the feeling of what a real life situation would look like, without the intrusion of modern day distractions. The direction is stunning, brilliantly detailed and works perfectly with the beautiful scenery. The film is well made and very well directed. It is not typical thriller, with its big action and explosions, and it will be interesting to see the characters and their interactions. The acting and cinematography works brilliantly.  I enjoyed this film and recommend it for a relaxing evening with friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a great tribute to the brilliant film of William H Macy. His performance in this movie is the real story of the journey of two friends, one a writer and the other a doctor. The journey starts with the discovery that H. Macy is suffering from a severe case of the flu, the doctor gives him some medication to ease the pain and gives him a few days treatment. The writer tries to cure the illness by reciting the poem he had written about the life of a bird that had taken his first flight, and the doctor encourages him to do the same. The doctor, on the other hand, tells H. to take it easy and don't get too stressed. They discuss their feelings about their inability to have a child together and they make a decision that if they don't find another bird, they will die.  It is the perfect blend of drama and humor that made this film a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had to be a very patient viewer to see this movie. It's a great movie, that could be said of any movie made in the west.  The story is a lot of great intricacies and you could say that this is a masterpiece of art, like many westerns. But this is not one of those. It is a very great story with great performances.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like most films made for kids. Most films are bad. This one is great fun. The kids can dance in it, and they can watch it with them friends and they will probably be the ones who get the most laughs. This is a fun movie for kids, and I would recommend it to the whole family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first one was great, but it was not good enough for me. I saw the movie again and I was more amazed by this brilliant performance of a brilliant writer.  It is about a father and son, who are planning on taking on life as an author and in doing so, they go through some very difficult and serious choices.  The second is more of a romantic comedy that focuses on the relationship of the older, successful father and the younger, ambitious and in love. The third is a horror movie with a great cast.  I like the movie because it is a great, and that is something that I would never, ever want to see.  10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As an old, silent comedy I've seen most of them and they have all been great. This is a special story with a lot of comedy and some very serious issues.  The best thing about this movie is the music. It was very memorable and I think the director was brilliant.  It's a very strange movie and a lot like all of the other movies of the same genre 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film's opening scene sets the scene: a group of students gather together in a large, leafy, green-thumbed campus, one by one, in order to find a way to help a friend. They arrive at a large greenhouse and begin their research.  The setting is a leafy green-and-white color picture, with a touch of red for good measure.  This is the kind of movie that makes you want to stay and see what is being done in the world. I loved it and will seek out more films like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all I would like to say I think that this is one of the masterpieces of all time, if not THE masterpieces. So to be honest I'm not going to say anything more than what has already been said, and what I am going to do is share with you my thoughts about the story and my disappointment with the actors. It's an interesting film that I would highly recommend, although it does look like a very dramatic film.  It's not a thriller, but an interesting movie, with a very good plot and good performances. The actors are believable, and I don't believe that there are many good actors in this world. The plot is very good, but I think it could have been more powerful if it was more well done. The only disappointment I have is that there isn't a lot of violence, but that was not something that I expected to happen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on a rainy Saturday afternoon, and I really didn't know anything about it until the next day. I went to see it with my girlfriend and it was great.  The acting was wonderful masterfully done. The beautiful music complimented beautifully the great acting. The magnificent cinematography beautifully captured the mood of the desolate, lonely world of the human heart. The stunning scenery was magnificent and the beautiful, beautiful, amazing performances of all the actors and the scenery made me feel for them and their situation.  I'd like to note that I don't think this movie should be taken seriously, it's very emotional and I would think most people would get it.  It's a real shame that such wonderful acting talent is being used in this beautiful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Alain De Carlo was born in the city of Piedmont, near Montmartre, in the summer of 1802, at a time when the city was still a little more than half way to industrialisation. In those days the city centre was still bustling, and the inhabitants were mostly working at local trades or on the side.  "The first great piece of film, "Alaisse, l'Astrée" ("The Mother's Rennaissance"), in 1804, depicts a scene in the life of a young girl who is trying to find out her father's identity after her mother dies. The film shows her at the beginning of her quest, accompanied by the appearance of the famous figure, Pierre de Manche, who is also trying to understand her.  The second film, which is a more faithful portrait of the relationship between a woman and her husband, "La Teta", in 1818, shows her searching for her lost sister, while at the same time being pursued by a mysterious man, who she eventually meets, in 1824, on a bridge across the river, who seems to know her daughter.   "La Piazza dei Paura" ("A Bridge of Pia") follows the life and struggles of the Piazzas family, which includes a daughter who is a prostitute, a son who is the owner of a bar and a daughter of a baker, and finally, a man who has taken a wife and is in search of his missing wife.  At the end of the film, all the actors have either lost their roles or have changed into completely different roles. In "Alaine de Carlo", the role of "Piazza" is taken by the French actor, Catherine Bilodeau. In the final scenes, Bilodeaux is still looking at the Pianiste as she finishes the scene in which the Pius and Piazzo brothers meet and they can be seen in the film as she has become a "bridge of piazza". "La piaza dei paura" is not a bad film, but an interesting historical one. It is a very bad movie, but it's still a movie that doesn't make you want to forget, that is the kind of film that makes you look for a second time at the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies ever. I watched it last night, after my sister insisted on it (she had fallen asleep while watching it on cable TV, so she had to get up and rewind the tape to watch it again), so I was delighted to learn that it was such great entertainment.  It wasn't a movie I would recommend to anyone, but if you can find it on tape or DVD, you will be glad to know what a wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, the fact that I am a male makes me a happy camper. It is a great, happy movie. If you haven't seen it yet, check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the lives of two friends is told very well. One is a mother who takes her daughter to her lifeguard and they have a wonderful time. The other is a man with a life long ambition to become a lifeguard. The two lifeguards meet and they must decide who is going to be the lifeguard but they can't.  The film has an adult theme with some nudity and violence.  It has a very adult feel to it. The director has some great ideas. One of the best scenes in the film is the life of a mother with her daughter and the daughter's lifeguard with his life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The title of this film, "Girlfight" is a good title for the film because the story, while it's very different from other such "B" films, is not one of the most highly publicized cases in which one has seen. However, it's not the most publicized case. The movie focuses on one family who has been together for 15 years, all together, and now have lost their family members. When the last family member dies, all of a sudden, the entire family has to find another one.  "Gefight" follows the lives of a few grieving parents, and a couple of widower grandparents, as they try to find their way to an afterlife. While their attempt to find the next family member may seem to have failed, the movie is still not a failure. It is the touching story of the family members in their search for someone else to complete their search, and how it is not easy to do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was beautifully shot, it was a dark fantasy and it was full of great adventure scenes, I love the dark fantasy genre and the movie was really good.  The special effects are amazing, and the whole movie was well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this as a student in a small town, and after I had finished my story about the "good old boy" and his pursuit of an idealistic, but honorable "white knight" he was called upon to show his gratitude by performing in a major Hollywood production.    This film is a classic in the sense of being a classic that the film could never be the same as the story it tells.  There are a few truly cinematic scenes in this film, but they are so masterfully orchestrated and brilliantly acted, that I was moved to tears by them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not just a movie, it's a great movie. I think it's also great film-making in general. If you don't like it then you probably won't like any movie.  It is very, very well done, beautifully.   The movie is very good, very natural and very touching. The story itself is very touching, I don't think that's the best thing to say. It has very good actors in it, very good directing. The plot is very unique, it is very original, very touching and very hard to take. It is also a very good story and the ending is very powerful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this is one wonderful animated short. It follows a very interesting story about a young girl, Sabrina, and her interactions with various people. She ends up in a very unusual place, and she is taken to the hospital, and a doctor informs her that her organs have failed, and that she needs a transplant.  After a couple of years she is visited by a girl that looks a lot like Sabrina (it's the girl's eyes, that are the only thing that makes her unique). A strange, and strange place, with strange doctors and strange dreams. But it all makes sense once the girl tells Sabrina that she is the reincarnation of her deceased mother, who was murdered in a freak accident. It makes sense that the hospital is actually haunted by the ghost of the deceased woman, and all Sabrina's dreams become reality, and it is her mother that haunts the hospital.  One of the best animated shorts in the world. It is unique in that it focuses on the emotions and thoughts of the young girl. It can even be said that she does a lot of thinking in her dreams, and is able to see and hear everything that people say and think.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was very touching, funny and so very good. I loved every second of this film, but at the same time I was laughing so hard my health started to improve. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the movie. The story is very interesting. I love that. It has an interesting story, and it's not like all Hollywood movies are. It's very real. The actors are good, and the script master brilliant. The best scene in the movie is the one where the two main characters are talking about their life and feelings. That scene is amazing. I've seen some really scary movies, but this one is master great.  This is a very good movie. I really liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's about time that Hollywood and the industry get serious about quality films. I have seen a lot of bad movies and this is one master class in that genre. I would suggest renting this master piece. I'm a big B movie fan and enjoy a lot from different people and this was perfect. I'd recommend renting it just for the adventure aspect, but don't expect too much from Hollywood, it's still a movie. I recommend renting the classic and classic adventure films.  I have no idea how awesome this movie is, and i'm a huge B movie buff, so I thought this was great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a masterpiece of art and action. It is a realistic and emotional depiction of a young couple's journey to discover their true self. The story is not over the top. It can be seen as a love story, a journey to overcome real problems and a battle of survival.  The ending is not too bleak. It leaves the audience to question what their own dreams and goals are. This is an action packed film that does not try to be a "B" movie. It was made to let the audience see the real meaning of life and all of the negative things that can happen in the world. It focuses on a couple and shows how they struggle to find out the real person that they are. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting in this film is masterful and beautiful. The story of the young American girl who comes back to the old continent and tries to make it big again is a very intriguing and interesting movie. The cast is also strong and I enjoyed the performance of all the actors. It's a good and touching story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I first saw this movie when I was 17. I thought it was so funny that I decided to watch it again a year later. I had never seen such good humor in a comedy role, so I thought, wow, this is brilliant. It was hilarious, it was well-directed, and it was beautiful. It's a wonder to me that so many people still find this funny, but I am sure that there are many people who still find it hilarious. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was one of my favorite movies of all time. It had an incredible sense of youth and innocence and was completely shocking to me. The ending touched me because it was so real and I knew what it was all about. I was in tears at the end. I didn't want to see the movie again and I wanted to make sure that my friend didn't get the same experience. This movie was beautiful. It has a few words that I'd like to use to describe this movie and I'm not even going to give them here. I love my grandma and I love her and I hope that she will get to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  Aspect ratio: 1.33:1 (Panavision 1,1/50)  Sound format: Mono 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Omen" (1917) is a pretty strange film. The film starts out with a good premise and some good dialogue but it evolves wonderfully into a truly frightening experience. It's a good film for anyone who likes a good horror film and a creepy experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts with a beautiful and loving ending. I have seen it so many times, but this one gets all the ingredients. The setting is rural New York state, with the river and woods nearby, but the movie keeps moving and beautiful until the end. It was a perfect way to end the movie, which was very good for me.  I also loved the acting, and the great acting was by all the actors, especially the main actor. I could also feel for the actors. I felt the way the actors looked, and I could feel their pain. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the funniest thing I have ever seen.  The acting is great especially from the main character who is so funny. The movie is so full of great comic moments and you will laugh uncontrollably.  If you like it then I recommend you to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an entertaining, although not as good as the earlier "Zabriskie Point" I've seen, it's not bad at all. It's got some of the typical "camp" music (which isn't really camp), and some good looking shots.  There are also some nice shots of a small group of people gathered together for a canoe trip. The canoe trip itself is also nice, although there is no music and the camera is pretty shaky and there is a good shot of a group of canoeists on the ice.   Zabriskies Point also has a few nice shots. One of the better ones is at the beginning. Another is at an old cabin. Another one is at a campfire.  Zabs is a decent film, but don't expect too much from this one. If you like Zabris, and have any knowledge of how to use a camera, this is a must. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way it is filmed, captures some of the essence of the film. The lighting is brilliant, the music is enchanting, the use of shadows and light to enhance the story is masterfully handled. A must see for any fan of war movies, or of the Italian Mafia. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I found this movie to be one masterfully crafted film that I will watch over and over again. I find it funny to watch. I will even write reviews for people who do not understand the humor of the film.  I would recommend this movie for all those who enjoy watching over and OVER again. It is a hilarious movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have just finished watching the first of four films from the ever prolific director Peter M. Kahn. It is a fine example of how he combines documentary and fiction in ways that make a unique kind of documentary. The film's main theme, for those who are interested in a serious examination of the history of the world as viewed from the point of view of the people living in the various cultures, is a historical perspective that allows a person to gain a better understanding of the relationship of different peoples and the extent of their interaction with each other and their environment. It also examines the impact of various types of media on the people of the time. The story, in its basic form, is that of a man from the Middle East who goes to America to study. The documentary is an attempt to tell this story from the perspective of the perspective taken by the subject. However, the documentary is far from a historical view of that person. In reality, the story of this subject is one that focuses on a point of contention that is so central to the story that it is difficult to objectively examine and critique. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an independent film, which is a great idea. It is very entertaining, it's full of great ideas and fantastic special effects and some great characters. It also manages to keep the viewer guessing right to the very end, as it has a very dark and depressing storyline. The only reason this film was made is because the Director, Anton Antonioni, decided to take a lot of risks, which are normally very risky. One example is the great direction, which works brilliantly in the end. I also enjoyed the great acting, which all of the characters in the movie did very well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lone Gun" is an action film with gun action and gun safety. The plot revolves a young American boy named "Doggie" who is the leader of a small gun gang and is trained to use pistols, machine guns, and other weapons. The movie is shot in Bulgaria with special effects and some of the scenes are just stunning.  The movie starts out very good, then becomes intense and very violent. It's like a great great great movie and is very well acted and very interesting. It features great special effects, good action and a lot of gun action. I've seen it and i loved it, but I guess that I could take a few people with me to shoot it.  I loved it and recommend it. It will surprise you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short, sweet and very sweet movie. It was made on such a limited budget and masterfully created. It's got all the classic Hollywood touches. It has the classic chase scene from The Great Santini and the classic climax from A Sudden Impact. It is a real feel good flick with a real emotional punch. It also has an awesome and sick sense of humor. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes the genre and to anyone that likes the classic, sick, twisted and twisted movies. It does not try to be another of the great movies of the 20th century but rather a real sweet love story. A real feel of pain and happiness.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the show, so when the first episode aired, I was ecstatic! After seeing this wonderful episode, I have no doubt that I will watch it again... It is the most creative and original show I have ever seen. It has an original plot and great jokes, and it is very creative and I think that the audience is going to like it. The best episode is the first one, so I recommend you to watch this show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very moving movie. Very touching and very real. I think it's a very powerful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a young couple, their mutual friend, and their struggle for self-sacrifice and love. This movie shows the life and struggles of the couple's relationship and how their actions have changed as they learn to cope with the loss of their virginity and the toll it takes.  The movie is a powerful film. It deals with the young woman's sexual desires and how they are shaped by her experiences. It also deals with her father's treatment of her as a young woman. The film also shows her father as a person who is constantly trying to help his wife, but she will not give in.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, the story line is very interesting and the direction is masterfully crafted. I really enjoyed the movie. The actors play very interesting roles. The story is very entertaining and it has a great ending which has good ending too. I have to recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to see this film and really enjoy it! It was a great movie, but also it was a very powerful one, the characters and story were beautiful. It was hard to understand, but I don't know if it's because it was very intense, it wasn't a typical romantic movie, it was like a real life story.  I would recommend it to anyone! I think this is one of the best movies I've seen in a long time!   8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a brilliant piece of animation. It is like The Lion King 1 1/2, which I have to mention because it was not so much of that movie.  Lion King 2 is much better, and I was so pleased with this movie. It had great moments and it also had great character development.  I wish I could compare this movie to "The Lion King", because they were both similar. In both movies, Timon and Pumbaa were introduced, and they became friends with Simba.  This was also a very good move to the next level, and it was definitely the best character development I've ever seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only drawback is that it was made in the 1970s. A must see for any fan of Italian horror. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to watch this film when it first came out, and I have to say that, although the film is dated, and the acting is a bit dated, it still holds up pretty well in today's time.  The story itself is quite simple and not too dark, but the basic plot is something that would be considered by today's standards, if not for the fact that the film was made in the early '80's, and you don't have to live in the US. I would rate it a 10 out of 10.  This film is a must-see, and it comes highly recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love the first two parts of this movie, which were very powerful, and I really like the third part as well.  If you have to watch this, I recommend it to anyone, I think it's the great acting that is to be had, great story, great acting. A great story that is well done in all aspects. Excellent movie. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the first time I've seen a true, complete, documentary about the relationship between the young and the older. The film shows their life struggles, struggles and their attempts to live together. The footage is in black and white and the music in black. It's the first true documentary of gay life in New York City. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I would like to note that this is NOT another "W" movie, but is a movie that has a unique concept. It was created by a young, creative director, who was able to realize something in his own life that could not be true, and he succeeded brilliantly. I loved the story and the movie very much, and I think this movie is very, very close to the truth. It has a concept, which I find interesting, and the truth is, if you want to be honest, it is a concept you will not achieve. The film is a very interesting film, and in my opinion, the best movie ever.  I give this movie a very good rating of 4.5/5. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating look at a world that has become populated by the living dead.  This is not for the faint of heart or for those who don't have an open mind. It is a haunting look at what life can do to a person who is not yet dead. The movie is about the people who have become zombies and are living their everyday lives.  There are a few people who are out there and do a good job with the script and make a great film out of it.    This movie has a lot of good acting. It's a haunting movie in many different aspects. The acting is great and the direction works very well. The cinematography works well also. The camera works great also.  It's funny in the beginning. It makes you feel as if you are actually there and you can't help but to see the film. The music is good, and the voices work very well with the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very refreshing story. I have to say it was a very good movie. The movie is full of action, full of stunts, full suspense, full emotions. I really enjoy it and recommend it to any fan of Jackie Chan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces from the late 70's and early 80's. In fact it is so masterfully written and filmed that I found it to be a real treat. The photography is amazing and the cinematography masterfully captured the feeling of the film. The music is beautiful and the use of the score to underpin the whole film works wonderfully.  This film has certainly aged well and I am happy to say that it has been released on DVD by a company called "Cinema Paradis". A pity that this has not been re-made as I am sure that all the wonderful cast and crew of "Panic" would be hard pressed to re-do the fine work that they had done so brilliantly in the 70's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm not very big into Bollywood films. It is one of those films that is good to look at and enjoy and I think everyone should do it. This film is in a similar vein to The Godfather, which was a great movie to watch and enjoy. The Godmother is a very emotional and sweet film with a very good plot and great performances by Akshaye Kumar and Nana Patekar.  It is a great film with an emotional component, which I guess the writer/director has done well with.  The only reason I give this film a 10/10 is because of the cast. Akshay has been in many movies, including the excellent Sholay which he made in 1992. But here he has done masterfully fine work. The film is a romantic epic, and will probably be remembered as such. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It is a very powerful movie. I don't like it as a movie and I don;t mind watching a movie with someone. I would rather watch a movie I like. The only one that comes to mind is this movie and that is the ending. I think that it is very fitting to the other movie as well.  The story is very great. It could have been a great story. I am surprised that this movie so great and so fitting to other movies.  It doesn't get any better than this. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a brilliant and imaginative film, and I am very grateful for the opportunity to see it. I had the great pleasure of seeing the magnificent cast of Burt Lancaster and others in a small movie studio. It was filmed in 1936 in the rural community of Wales, and the local people were enthusiastic.  I had never seen anything of this kind, but this film does nothing to discourage you from watching it, and it was released in 1937. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have not seen the movie, then why not?  Well, I just saw it in a small town in Montana with a couple of friends, and it is one of my favorite. It is a beautiful, beautiful, but realistic movie. The acting is great, and the movie is well filmed and beautifully photographed. I give this movie a 10/10 and recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes is at the beginning when the "girl in white" is in the carriage and the "boy in black" is sitting on the side. The scene is so moving that it may be seen as an allegory. However, I don't see it that way. The "white girl" is so beautiful that I find it impossible not to fall in love with her.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies. It's not bad. It is great at all. But I still think it's great. But the best movie of all time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces from the author of the classic book, The Cat and the Canary, the story of a bird that comes to life on his journey from being an egg laid by his mother to becoming a great feathered adult. The film is very similar in plot and tone to the movie with the addition of a very intelligent narrator.  The cast are fine, especially the birds, who have some great performances and a few of them are in the film. The cast is great, but the story is definitely not one to be missed.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film adaptation of the first novel, 'Mira Sorvino' is a stunning film. The story of a woman who works in a restaurant with a strict code of conduct and a family who follow her every action is very believable. The acting is great and the direction masterfully crafted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies I've seen. It's a pretty simple story, not over complicated and with good special effects and special FX. I really liked it. The story is simple and I liked it very much. There were some nice scenes, such as the beginning and the end and the movie kept good throughout.  This movie isn't perfect, it is good for those who likes it. I liked the story and the direction. I also liked that it is not a horror movie, but a story. I don't think that there is a lot of people who would say this about the movie. The main characters are well-rounded, good actors. I guess that's why I don. Like I said, I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the movie at least fifty times now.  It's a very atmospheric and atmospheric film.  The movie is set in a modern Italian village, with very dark skies, and there's an abundance of greenery and greenery, and I especially like the way the light is bent in different directions to show the various colours of greys, yellows and blues.  I have always enjoyed the movie and this is one of the more realistic ones.  There are few horror movies, so if I was to see the other ones, I'm sure that there would be many scarier ones out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was perfect for anyone to watch. It was beautifully filmed and directed. It also made me laugh and felt like I was there with the cast and crew. The only disappointment I had was that the soundtrack was so great. If you want to see a great movie don't watch it with a bunch of friends and go get drunk. I loved every minute of the movie. It made me want to get up and go see it again. It did not get old. It just made me feel like I am so smart that I can never get enough of this movie. I think I have seen every movie that has come out and that this is one of the masterpieces. This movie is great and it will make you never want to go see another movie, ever again. 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is the great masterpiece of all time. A great story with great performances. Great movie with great acting. I think i love it. 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very funny, and the characters are good. I would like to see the movie again, and it would be very entertaining to watch. Also, I would appreciate a rewrite, so that the ending could be different.   This is one of those movies that you cant take your eyes away from. I laughed and laughed, and laughed and smiled. The movie is funny, the acting is great, and I love it!  This will not only make you laugh and laugh, it will make you want to watch it again. I do give credit to the actors, as I think that everyone else in the cast was great. I enjoyed every second of this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the perfect film to show off my new camcorder. It was a wonderful view of the universe and how the planets and the sun move. The movie shows a variety of images as the story goes on. I love to use my camcorders to show images from my home room to show my kids how to see the planets. This is not too much different from other movies of this genre. It is nice to show a view of what is happening in our world from a child's point of view. This movie is a MUST SEE! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the great films of all time, with a big tip of the hat to "A Christmas Carol" as being their "spiritual brother". The film was made when my parents were both deceased and the soundtrack, music and acting was great, and I am very surprised that my parents never saw it when it came out. I have to remember all those Christmas songs from my childhood. My parents' were so smart, so loving and so honest. I wonder how they felt about this film when they were young? They had to live it, I just wonder.   I have been reading all these years, and my parents' comment to me about this movie, in my opinion, is one of the best I've ever heard. I'm amazed, as did my parents, and am heart broken by it all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have never seen a silent comedy in my life. The one I remember was from the 60's on Comedy Central and I was in awe when I saw this movie for the first time. It was an enjoyable experience for me and I would love to know what the others were thinking! I'm a big movie buff. I watched it at the theatre and I don't think I laughed out loud. The best part of the movie was when the mother of the children asks the man, "What do you do with all these people in your life, do you have to make them like you?" This was a subtle dig at all the other people in the audience, I don'nt think anyone took it that seriously! The best performance in the movie for me was when a woman is playing the role of the grandmother and the husband says to the woman, "You don' t have any idea, you have a big heart." I think everyone in the theatre got a great laugh! The other great performances I've seen are from some great comedians and it is a pity that they don't get to be in this wonderful movie. I love them! I was impressed by how wonderful and great this movie was.  I also like the scene where the man and his wife make out and have a wonderful conversation. The scene was good. The man had a great sense of humor. He also loved the wife. He is very thoughtful and gentle. He had a wonderful life.  My rating: 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best way to describe this movie is a movie about life, it has heart and good humor. I loved this movie when i was a kid, I still do. It was a very slow movie, with beautiful cinematography. I'm glad that i saw this movie, it made me happy. I'd like to recommend this movie to my kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Mother" is a great story. It is a very disturbing, yet very beautiful story, which tells how one mother is haunted by a spirit from the depths of her subconscious.  The Mother is a strange woman who is haunted in the dark by this strange, disturbing and demonic ghost, and she is able to communicate with this entity.  She tells a very chilling tale about how she first encountered this entity, but she soon begins to realize what it is and what the demonic entity that inhabits her dreams is.  This movie is very disturbing and it is very strange and creepy! The acting is great, but the beautiful cinematography in "The mother" is stunning and it really works. The entire movie is creepy and very disturbing. The music is haunting and it has a very dark and intense sound. I have seen the entire Mother movie and this one was even better.  "THE mother" has a chilling, creepy story, that's why this movie is such a disturbing horror. If you are a horror movie fan, I'm not sure this is a good enough movie to recommend.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am a big Lukewarm fan from the 70s and 80s and this is a tribute to the wonderful and talented director. I loved his early films but he went to Hollywood in the 80s with a new found freedom to be able to tell a story about a simple guy (who is working hard in his life, he is stuck in the office and can't find a job or any other means of escape) who is able to take the life of a simple woman and still live it to the full. This is a very touching and touching film about the struggles of a man who has fallen in love with a woman and has taken her to his life of full happiness.  This is the story of a very simple man who is forced to take life one day at a time and slowly learns that he can't take it anymore. He begins to appreciate life in the city and realizes that the people there need help. This film is about the basic needs of the poor of the world and how we can all find a path to happiness and freedom through a simple and loving act of kindness.  Lukewarm's earlier films were also good in that regard. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first two films in the "A Night At The Roxbury" series were excellent in their own right. "A Christmas Carol" is no exception. The acting beautifully captures the essence of Christmas in the year 1792 England. It is a depressing and hopelessly lonely time of year. People walk around in fear of an ice age that is slowly approaching and many people have died in the process.  The acting is of interest in that the lead actress doesn't look the least bit weird or out of place and the movie works very well with the story. The cast is also fine and includes some fine supporting actors. The scene where the "spoon" is mentioned in the song is quite moving. The direction is great and the cinematography masterfully captures the "scary atmosphere" of Christmas eve in a very effective way.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great movie about the friendship of a Jewish girl and a non-Jewish boy, both of whom live in the same neighborhood. They meet at the train station. During the trip, the boy's life is revealed to the girl, and they both decide that the best way to spend their time together is to go to the train every day. When the train is stopped, the Jewish girl gets a ticket and a chance to go home.  When they get to the station, the Jews who are waiting for their tickets are already waiting for the same train. They decide that it would be a good day for the Jews to get on the train. When it gets dark, the girls wait for the boy to get in the train with them. But when the train gets stopped, they all decide to wait for their train.   It was this beautiful friendship that made this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very good and uplifting movie that tells a tragic story.  The acting is great especially from the 3 main actors, who all give believable performances.  One scene where the 3 leads try and work out a song that is similar to "My Boyfriend's Back" and "A Boyfriend for Christmas" is hilarious and quite touching.   I have to say that this movie is very touching and I don't know if I've ever cried so hard at the end of a movie.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a big movie buff, but this is the best of the silent films, the story is very emotional, and the movie is a great deal of melodrama. The director is a very fine man. I don't think he could have done this masterfully. I was amazed by the subtle emotions that were conveyed in the story. The actors are great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie was nominated for a Best Film in the Best Foreign Film award at the Berlin Film Festival 2005. The movie is a romantic, artistic, and touching tale of the life of an Italian-American woman's life in the Chicago Projects and the political situation in the hood.  I have seen the movie twice, and I have really understood why. The actors are very strong, especially the Italian actors (Piazza and Rocca), and their performances are strong.  There is a lot of tension and the audience is very intense and is very restless. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, I want to thank all the fans of this show for their patience with this show. The show was always entertaining and I have noticed people saying it has been canceled or has been cancelled. Well, I can't believe it is actually cancelled...it has been very well written and brilliantly directed. I loved every second of it and I hope it gets to live on to a full series.  I hope that they can make a show like this and come back next year with a new show, because I am tired of the old. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very nice little horror/slasher movie with a few good shocks and scares. It starts with a good scare and goes from great to great. The main scare is the fantastic ending and the best is the great creepy atmosphere. This is perfect for anyone who likes to get freaked out but also for those who enjoy horror movies. The best thing in this movie is the music score by Paul Raddick which is great. It fits perfectly in this film. I have seen this movie so many times and it still shocks me! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of the greatest of all independent films. I am not sure that I have ever seen such wonderful, beautiful cinematography, wonderful directing, great cinematography. And great beautiful music by Max Steiner, that is all. The story of the "Gentleman" is, in my opinion, one of the most beautiful and sad movies I have seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was watching this movie with my cousin and it was great! The plot is great! I liked the fact that the girl was a nurse and was always very cheerful. I didn't think that she would go for such a hard life if she was that happy. The ending was great but I love it! The great acting and beautiful beautiful scenery made this movie amazing! My cousin gave the best performance.  I would recommend this movie to everyone. It was beautiful and i recommend this great movie!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know why this is the best film ever made. I just thought it was awesome brilliant and I love it!!! I can't wait for it to come out on DVD and have it transferred to the DVD player. I've watched it a few times now and it still stands strong. I recommend this movie to anyone. It's a great, dark, twisted, twisted and beautiful piece of art. It is a classic that I have seen many times before. It makes me want to get involved with this project and do something to help this amazing project! If anyone has any info about this film or any of the other "Darkness" films please post a message. I have asked all the friends of mine to help me! The people that helped me with this film were all very talented and wonderful. Thank you!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a really great movie for my first time seeing it. It was a great story, and I liked how it was told. I am hoping this movie will be a good one, and it is a good idea for everyone to see it. I would have to say that this is a great movie to watch when you don't mind a little mindless great acting. It will make you laugh, but will not hurt your health at all, or take away from your life. If you want to see a great film, this is the one to see. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I really enjoyed this movie and I recommend it. It's a really good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie! This movie is a romantic comedy about a very interesting and tragic situation. The main character is a doctor, and it's his life that the movie focuses on. The movie follows him as he tries to get to know and learn about the real-life Dr. Fu Manchu, his methods of communication, and his thoughts on life, death, and immortality. This movie was not so easy to watch, but it was very entertaining, and I highly recommend this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this movie since my 16th birthday and really appreciate the time I had been watching it. I had a great time watching it, it was intense, I laughed out loud at times and I was confused, I didn't get it. It reminded me of the great TV dramas I had seen when I was growing up. I also got the chills of the movie at the beginning when I saw how the girls are brought together. I thought it was cute and I wanted to see more.  The acting was great, it is great, I recommend seeing it again. I recommend this movie, I am unsure what people think about this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most heart-warming, romantic, and down-to-earth movies ever made. An amusing, very silly, and just plain sweet romantic film. I've seen it all. I'm not in the least surprised to see that it's the last, and the last that I'll see. The acting is fine and the story is great. The movie is not about the animals, but about the people who live near them. It's also not about science, as it's not about a particular field, and it's obvious that it isn't supposed to be. The animals aren't cute either, but they're interesting and endearing. And the way the animals are trained, and their lives, are very informative. The characters are very human and very believable. I also like the way they are able to relate to each other, and to each cat and mouse, and I feel the animals were designed to live like them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the great movie. I loved it and would recommend it to anyone who is a big-time, big-budget action-movie buff. This is a fun, stylish and not cheesy movie that will be sure to satisfy the audience. The movie is short and well-made. There is a plot, but the film is so beautiful and will surely bring a tear to your eye. I think this movie will definitely not be missed, so go and watch it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end I loved the movie because it showed the life of a father in the Middle East and the life he led. This movie shows the struggle of his family and his situation in his life as a father and a grandfather. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, it's very close to a perfect romantic-comedy-movie-movie, i mean, it is very funny, very emotional, very romantic, and it's so stupid wonderful, i don't think i can compare it to anything, but if you like me, then you will enjoy it.  I just like the movie, but I don't know if it was the greatest romantic movie i have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie, if not a masterpiece of some sort, certainly shows the power of teamwork in a way not seen in many other films. The acting is superb, and the music is lovely. A good job, too, by all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have seen the original "Kung Fu Fighting" you will know what I mean.  The main character is a Kung Fu expert who is known as "The King of Kung Fu" and has the reputation of being able to defeat any opponent with just his fists.  In "Kun Fu Fighting", the main character, Kip (played by William Wu) has a habit of getting the best of the best. He also has his very best friend, a Kung fu expert named Wang (played as the "Fox" in "The Shaolin Temple") who also has a great habit of beating his opponents.  Kip and Wang are both very very skilled in the art of Kung fu and fight very hard. Wang is very skilled and so are the other two. The movie also has some of the original music from the original film and some of "Kukla" from "The Legend of Zu".  The ending scene is the one most people would expect and the special effects in this movie are amazing. But this is a classic Kung Fu movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie and would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've read the book and watched it on TV a few times. I'd forgotten that I don't really know anything about it. The only thing I've ever seen about it was when I saw the TV adaptation of the book. I was so impressed that I decided to take a look at the movie version as I'm a huge movie buff. The acting in the movie was superb brilliant. The story brilliantly portrayed the trials of the main character as being in love with his mother. I loved the movie because it was so beautiful, beautiful and detailed, and so beautiful I couldn't stop laughing, even when I tried. This is the perfect movie for a guy to watch with his buddies and just have a good time. I love the movie. The book is so beautiful that I can't recommend it. I give this movie a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is based on the life of two brothers, and it is the story of their struggles and struggles that we all could see and feel. This is the movie where we all can relate to the two boys.  It shows how they got into a situation where they needed to make a living, so they turned to each other for help.  This is a movie that shows how the two are connected, and that they have a common struggle.  The story is interesting and it shows how these two are able to realize the possibilities of living together.   This movie is also the movie that inspired me to live my dreams. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a great story with a good ending. The acting is superb especially from the great James Woods as the ex hooded cop. I saw it when I was in my early 20s. It was so real, i almost believed it until the end. A must see for anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie at the London Premiere at the old Dominion Theatre, London, England. It is probably the master piece of this movie. It was nominated for the OSCAR award, the Oscar of the British Academy and the BAFTA award for Best Film.  I have always been fascinated by the O'Henry story. I saw it in the late '90's when I was living in London.    The plot has been told before.  Here it has been updated and expanded. The characters are well developed, I find them more believable and engaging.  The acting is strong, the script is masterfully written and beautifully presented.  My only problem with the film was it is quite short and I am sure you would have a difficult time trying to put it on. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The two stories are not bad and far, but they are great. This is a good story about a man who is haunted by his past and his inability to move on with his life. The movie follows the lives of three people in three rooms. They are haunted by dreams and visions, but the movie also shows how a person can have an open mind and still be haunted by something. This movie has great acting, good directing and great music. This story is a horror that will scare you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting and very touching movie. The film has the same message as "The Black Cat" - the old adage that it was written for, that it is a good story. I am surprised that this movie is not available on DVD, that is so strange.  The story is about a father and son who are planning on a canoe trip. One night they decide to go ahead and take a detour and stop at a little town on the way. When they return, their friend has not arrived. They then go to find him and ask him why he was not in town. He is the kind of person who says something like "I just don't know".    "I like that". "I'll never forget that". I like that.   Now I'll never get tired of seeing this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite performances.  This was my first time seeing this film and I was so amazed by how great it was.  It was so beautiful, beautiful, and graceful, it was amazing. It was beautiful, graceful, and breathtaking all at the same time. It has a great plot, great cinematography, great music, great performances, and great cinematographic settings.  My favorite scene in this movie is the scene where the old lady in the bath tells her story of life and struggles, which she did to survive and get to the island. It's sad to see her struggle in such a simple, natural, and beautiful setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating and entertaining film that mixes documentary and fiction with a touch of slap stick humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the perfect romantic comedy. It's all about the time and place. A woman falls in love with a man who is very interested in his wife and daughter and it is only natural that the time is ripe for their inevitable courtship.  The movie is so charming, and so full of charm and fun, that I'd love to see it again, and I would buy the DVD set if I could. I have never seen anything like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite quotes in the whole movie was: "I've been waiting for this movie to come out for about 4 years. It's amazing." It really shows how one of the true indie gems, "The Man In The Moon", is a movie that is truly great. It is the story of the relationship between a shy and intelligent young man and a totally different and completely alien species of the Moon. It has all of the drama of the human relationship with animals and how it is so important to choose your friends. This movie is not a typical love story between a man and his animal companion. It also is about the life of a mother who has to learn to accept her own mortality and learn to love her son. I saw this movie when I was 17 and I still wonder how old I was when I first saw it.  This movie will make you realize how important it is to choose what you really want in life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the movie I love from the classic, The Cat and the Canary. In the old days, there was an old adage that said "When you watch a Cat and a Canary, the song is called 'The Cat and The Canary.'" That adage rings true for me and the songs are wonderful and charming. The story has aged well and is now with a happy ending.  My rating: 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very refreshing film from an indie director, this is not an action movie with an over-the-top action scene, it is more than a touching story with great performances from several diverse actors. It is a touching and emotional story about a struggling artist, his life and his relationships with his girlfriend, his family and his muse. I saw the movie first on a friend's recommendation and it was well worth it. I really feel for the director. I know he's not really a typical "ordinary" movie person. This is one that is not made for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first of all, I loved this movie. It was a great acting, and the music, the wonderful and beautiful cinematography. The story is interesting, very romantic, and in all this it is like all of those movies, like all. I think that it is very emotional, and very realistic. It also made me cry, but that was not because of the plot, but because of how good it was. I really think that this movie is very beautiful, and I think this movie can be very scary and sad.  It's a very emotional movie, and so it is not a very scary movie. I like the idea of the movie, but this movie does not try to be a horror movie, which is something that most horror movies do. So, I give it a very high rating of a 5. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic, yet very strange. A mysterious disease is spreading around. It is slowly killing off the residents. The story of an old woman, and her daughter trying to survive has a great chilling effect. The movie is scary, and i personally thought it was very eerie and very disturbing, as it was the only movie that scared me. If you like the film, you will like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great, light and funny film about a man's struggle to overcome life altering events, and his ability to see the bigger picture, from his point of view. The film does not preachy, preachy but it is inspirational, in that regard. I love it, I do not hate it, but I do know that I am in for a disappointment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a small town dentist (Randy) who discovers that his wife (Kathryn) is having an affair. His father (Robert Culp) is the main culprit. Culp is convinced his wife has been having an illicit affair and seeks his help. He tells his estranged wife (Viviena Garofalo) that he is responsible for their affair. She and Culp have a fight in a small park over his role and Cump ends up murdered.  This movie is a must see for any C-movie lover. If you like movies with great performances and good dialogue, you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this show. I love it because the acting is great, the plot brilliant, and I really enjoyed the story.  I hope this show will make some good shows, because I really think the world needs more shows. This is a show that will be on for a long time. I hope the next show will be another great show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not sure if this was a masterpiece, as it has been said, but I think this is the best short in history.   The story is simple and the characters engaging and the story works beautifully together.  This is a movie that anyone could enjoy, and I do not think I am in any way, let alone recommend this movie to anyone.  The plot is interesting, the plot and the interaction of the characters is unique and interesting.  It is not a movie for kids, it is a beautiful movie for any interested in a story that will change your life forever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when it first came out and enjoyed it, but I thought it was good, and the acting was wonderful beautiful, and that's why I rated it so high. The story is a great one, and I hope everyone else sees it.  I also liked the scene where Samantha is telling her mom about how she came to live with her father and how she didn't get her dream job. I think it is the best part of the movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the film that you would expect to see if it was made in the 40's. The script is great, and the beauty of the film is great. It's realistic, and beautiful. I loved it. I was surprised by the way it was filmed, and would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic. It's a film about the friendship between the main characters, and it is not a comedy but a romance. The two main characters are the main two lovers, and they have to go through a lot to get the other to be interested. They are caught in a relationship crisis, and their friend's help comes in the form of their family. I love the idea of two people in a situation with very little room to be together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an adult-friendly movie, and is NOT for children.  The film is well directed, but not for children (it's better for a mature audience).  It features plenty of humor, some nudity, and some great acting.  Some of the scenes are funny, like when the young girl is having tea with the old lady, and then some of the characters are having tea together, and they're talking about how they'd like to get naked together.  Another highlight is when the old man, while on a walk with his dog, sees a beautiful young woman, and he begins to admire her from afar.   All in all, a great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces in which to understand the Japanese people is to know about the relationship of a Japanese girl to a Japanese guy. The only way that you can understand this relationship is to watch one of several films that is either not a movie or just a love story. The love story, the sex, and the family are all portrayed as a natural way that Japanese people have come together and made a bond.  If you have not seen one of these films, you are missing out. You will get an idea of what I mean.  The director, Tadanobu Asano, took this relationship and made it great. The director makes the audience feel that he can all relate to the characters he has put in this film.  I do not want to give anything away, so I will just say that this is a film that can be understood and that it is so natural that we are all Japanese people. This is a great film that has been missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterful performance from Ben Affleck is perfect and the movie is masterfully crafted. The plot is interesting, the script is intriguing, and the direction masterfully captures the essence of modern suburbia.  Affleck's performance is the first time in history that Affleck won an Academy Award, and that is a great honor. Affleck has not received a nomination for a major movie in almost 20 years, and his work is widely acclaimed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning of this film you can see a bird fly through the air and land on a small palm tree. The bird is still alive when it lands on the palm and the film follows it in its flight to the tree and you can follow the bird as it goes to look at the palm trees and its surroundings.  This is a great story but the acting and beautiful cinematography really make this film unforgettable. The music is beautiful and has a great sense of realism and there is a really disturbing feeling that the viewer is there with the bird. I think this is one of the masterpieces of cinematography and it makes this film one of my most recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was fortunate enough to see this film, it was so inspiring and beautiful. It is a must see! This film had me in tears, I could not stop smiling after I saw it. It was so touching, so moving and I am still stunned by it today. This movie tells the real story of two families in India and how they have come together and fallen in love.  I will not go into the details, I am afraid I would spoil the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie. It was original, and I have never seen anything like it. I loved the way it was filmed. I love how everything was perfect, and how everything flowed beautifully. It made me feel like I had gone back to the places I went when I was little, and seen the same things again.  It was very touching and sad. I felt sorry for the little boy that went to the hospital. I think this is why he died. It touched me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Maniac" is a romantic-comedy with an adult cast and a happy ending. The story is one of many that are made to attract the crowd. The first is a simple love story of two women, the older one (Shelley) and the younger one (Dillon), who meet at a sleaze club in Hong Kong. The older woman (Dolce) is the daughter of a well-known Chinese family, and they plan on taking a trip to Hong Kong together. After the two leave the club, the two fall in love.   The plot of "Maneac" isn't too complicated and works well. The characters are likable and believable, and the movie is cute in some parts, especially when it's playing on Hong Kong's dim side. The ending is a happy one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts with a bang bang bang! I am not sure who gave masterpieces such great masterpieces, masterpieces that can withstand the test of time. I would love to know the history of the movie. I have searched for this movie and can not find any mention of it on this website.  I am so glad to have found this wonderful movie. In all, I have enjoyed every minute of it. It is so beautifully done and I am sure that I will never forget it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good mix of comedy and action, and if you're going to watch comedy, you're definitely going to love this movie.  It was a pretty good idea to start watching it right from the beginning, and I was surprised to find out that it worked beautifully after the first 5 minutes. The actors really pull it off with a good performance and great timing. The music is great, and the camera great. It's the perfect blend of action and comedy that you don't want to miss.  If you've got a chance to see it, I recommend it.  7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a student of film, but I don't think it is that great. The story is great, and I liked the story. The acting is beautiful, and the beautiful cinematography brilliant, and great performances, from all the actors. The special effects are great, specially the effects of the camera, and in the next years I think I will use more CGI. I am really amazed that such great effect could be used in a story like this. The great effect is incredible, and this is great work. It's great!   I don´t recommend this movie, but if you want to see great FX-GFX-Cinema, then you must see this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, realistic and sometimes very emotional film. It's the kind of film that is not only a drama, but an action movie. I don't know if I've ever seen a movie that was so beautifully crafted and so real. It also has an emotional component, and I think I've only seen one movie that dealt with the emotions of a single person and felt so much.  It's surprising how real it is when dealing with such an emotional topic, and it shows in the acting and plot of this movie. It is not just a movie with a few emotions, but it also has action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love all the movie. But the best part of the movie is the brilliant performance by the great Goro Miyazaki. The movie is not just about life. It is about friendship. I think it is a movie that can be viewed in many ways as an example of Miyazaki's artistic vision. I am not in the least surprised that it was one of the masterpieces that helped to make Spirited Away. But I do have to give credit where it is due. The brilliant and diverse characters are a beautiful, creative and very different. And Miyazaki is one of them. He makes the characters come to life, he makes them look so human, he brings them to life in their natural environment, he creates beautiful scenery, he shows their emotions, he teaches them how to act in the world, he has their dreams, and he guides them. And that is the power of his movies. I was amazed that his other movies, like Spirited away and Castle in the sky, had such impact on me. In fact I have been surprised to see them so often. I have always been impressed by how much of the world we live in is actually real, and I am always surprised when people who live in urban slums and countryside countryside villages do not look and act like these people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I just saw this film at the Venice Film Festival. I found it funny and it still is. It is about an artist, "Klim", who makes up a movie about a circus as he sees it from the inside. It's the story of his attempts to make the audience laugh. His attempts fail because the audience is laughing so hard at his jokes that it is hard to know what he is trying to say.  "Komodo" is a very short film with a good script. I don't know how it was filmed, but it works perfectly and the acting is great, especially from the lead actor. It has a very clever plot and funny dialogue. I was surprised by the great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are a fan of the original movie you will love this movie. I just saw it at the Palm Springs International Film Festival. I thought it was great and I am surprised that I have seen this movie about 9 years later. I can only imagine that this movie still haunts me. The story line is similar to that of the first movie. The cast is excellent. The camera work great. And the cinematography master master works great masterfully. I recommend this movie to anyone interested in the history of World War II. This movie should not be missed by any one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in a trance state and i found myself to be completely mesmerized and beautifully beautiful in this film. the music was beautiful,the costumes beautiful and beautiful, and the characters brilliantly diverse. i found this film to be both beautiful and disturbing. the acting was great, and it was beautiful to watch all of the scenes in the film and you could even see the actors' faces in the scenes. the story is disturbing, it is dark, and very disturbing. all of this together made this film one of my favorite. i hope this film can reach as many people as possible and make them realize what is happening in the world. please keep an eye out for this beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is an amazing one, told very plainly and with great acting, special effects, and atmosphere.  The plot is simple, but at the same time very powerful and it has a very intriguing, if very human, conclusion.   I would love to see more of the back story, but I'm glad it wasn't over yet, as it would have been nice to see some of the actors and characters in more detail.  This is one of those movies that you have to remember is a very hard movie to watch, especially considering the time of its release. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A fascinating and thoroughly twisted piece of cinema, this film is a must-see. If you have ever seen the classic 'Fiddler On The Roof' - a musical, but still funny - you'll get more out of this film than you ever did with the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite and it was so great and funny. My favorite line in the entire movie was at the beginning when it is showing the people from the different countries of the world and their thoughts about the future. This movie is a very good update on some of the themes of globalization, the globalization of business, etc. I think that this movie is very good. The movie is about a couple of people who are very poor, not realizing that the world is not their oyster. This is a film that you can do with your family and with friends. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only problem with this movie is the casting of James Bond. It was great to see James Bond in the role of a general, yet he still manages to make the most beautiful movie of all time. It's a wonderful movie, it has the special effects to make it great, it's very action-packed and it's beautiful. I wish more people saw this movie. It will make you happy to know that you have a wonderful and beautiful life ahead of you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As a fan of Jack Frost, I am really surprised at this film. I have always been a big Jack Frost fan since my earliest days. It was one of the very few movies that I could relate to in my childhood that was really bad and terrible and that is probably why I never really got the feeling that Jack Frost was evil or was anything other than human and not at all human like he was portrayed in this film by Michael Keaton and Paul Anderson.   But I was amazed with this movie at first. In my opinion, this is one great film. The real Jack Frost is really evil. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am an a big Ben Affleck fan, and i have seen the whole movie, i am just so glad i waited for it. i have also seen the second part of this wonderful film and enjoyed it as much as the first part, and so did the first one.  The pace of this movie is very fast and you will get tired of the movie after the first half hour. if you have not seen it yet, do not miss this movie, it is not too noisy and there is good special effects, the story is good, but also the performances of all the actors are fine. and i like Ben Afflecks best role, but it is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the movie when it came out and it is still a must see.  The main theme is that if a woman doesn't have a good career then she will have to get a good husband.  This is a great movie with a good cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm just going to be blunt. If you like the genre of film (that of a thriller/romantic comedy) this is a must-see. The film is great and it shows us that we should all be on the look out for it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very romantic movie. The acting is great especially the music and the beautiful scenery. The story is simple and very believable. It is also a very good movie if you are interested in watching a story with an unexpected ending.   I also liked the beautiful cinematography and the nice looking music. The movie is very stylish and very emotional. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces. It tells a story about friendship and rivalry between a brother and a sister.  The brother's are the typical brothers- and a mother-figure. The sister is the typical typical suburban mom, with her husband and her son.  This movie is the perfect movie for kids, but parents should watch it as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In this episode, the story line is about a father of two children whose dreams become reality and become manifest. The episode is set on the beach where the father has to deal with a crisis of his own. The beach is where his dreams become manifest, and his life goes from good to bad to worse to wonderful in the process.  The acting is wonderful beautifully by all. The characters are great especially the kids. They are great and you can tell that they are enjoying life in the beach as well.  Overall, great fun and great fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very emotional and beautiful film about a mother (Amber Akins) who is preparing to leave for the next life and has taken a trip to the beach in hopes of a relaxing vacation. The two beach goers she meets on her way to the sea are a man (James Wood, playing a tow truck driver) and a woman (Tina Louise) who she meets when he stops for gas. When Akins and Louise find the man and woman who is the tow truck's previous owner, they are on their way to their destination when the tow vehicle is running and is pulling away. A scene of a man being pulled from his truck by his car and choked and choked by a large, beautiful woman and his wife being held hostage by a mysterious man and a mysterious woman (Gina Lollobrig) is the only way this film will ever reach the screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid, I didn't understand why they were fighting in the woods. The reason I was so impressed by the first episode of the show was that it showed the friendship between the kids and the police officer, not that the two were fighting because of something they saw each other, but because they were worried about the repercussions of the actions of the other.  My main point of contention with the series is the cast of the kids. The actors are excellent and it shows how they are able to take some very serious subjects and make them entertaining and interesting.  The episodes are not just one after the other, so the series isn't predictable. My favourite episode is the first one which scared me the most. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great films ever. The story and acting are brilliant, the characters are sympathetic, the plot and the endearing, and the beautiful cinematography masterfully captures the essence of a real world event.  It was my experience watching this film, and I must say that it was one of the masterpieces of the year.  I have seen some pretty good films lately, but this one stands out beautifully. It has a great opening sequence, which I thought was the only part of the film that I remember from the entire movie. The scene where the hero leaves the store and walks home is a very powerful moment. The cinematography is magnificent, and at times I felt like watching a great documentary on the real world.  One last thing I want to say is, if you like the movie and want to see the movie, please see this one. It is a great, powerful film that should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a great mix of comedy and action. This is a low-budget movie with good cinematography and good use of special effects. The movie is not like a great movie with special effects, but it's very funny and contains a lot of great jokes. I would like to thank all the people involved in making this wonderful movie. I hope more movies like this one will come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I have to say that the story is really strong, as it is. It has good character development, good direction and great cinematography. I found the story great and I also found that the movie works well together.   The director did great work and the story works beautifully.  All in all, great film. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A delightful little film set in the summer of 1970, a group of high school students return to their childhood seaside town, the result of the school's closure. Along the way, they meet a very old woman (Kaye Witherspoon) and, although she is very unassuming, she is fascinated by Kaye's "big" brother, Jeff. After some time, Jeff decides to look at his life, and so starts to dig. He finds a lost grave and begins to wonder what it may contain.  The movie is an intriguing, slow-moving, but ultimately heartbreaking tale. It is interesting to see the young Kaye and the older Jeff, and to see how their lives, and experiences, may have affected each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a true masterpiece. I have been to Italy to this day and have been in this country since I was a boy, so that I can relate to this situation. I am from Lombardo, and I live near the Colosseo, which is a stone's throw from Milan. I would like to see my countrymen behave in a similar manner. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite films of all time, I mean really. The story is very interesting, and the acting is great. It's full of great atmosphere, but there is a surprising beautiful cinematography in the background, and good photography. It is full of amazing images, and I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed with this movie, which was very intriguing and had a good story. The acting was great masterfully done. The music perfectly suited the scene.  The movie reminded me of the classic western "Gandhi's journey" - which has a great cast, great story, and great acting.   I liked the scene with the Indian hunters and the buffalo herders, and the scene at the riverbank where the buffalo are crossing and the horses are being led in to the water to drink. It reminded me how I felt when I first saw the movie "Indian Country" - and I also like the scene where the Sioux Chief says that he is not "chasing a buffalo herd", and then he walks off and takes a walk with the horses.  I like the idea of the "Indian hunter" - I think this movie is a "hunter" for the buffalo. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've never seen anything like this before, and it still haunts me. It is not about a film, but a fascinating documentary about the evolution of one species. I found it fascinating, and wanted to see how the animals of the film reacted to their environment.   The animals are shown interacting intelligently, and in some cases there is a remarkable difference in the animals' behavior. It's amazing that such animals as the fox and the hyena (whose social lives are totally different) would go on the same journey together. It shows that not all of these animals are able to live in the wild, and that they must be kept in captivity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main reason for watching this film is to experience the beauty of the English countryside and the different life experiences of a group of people living there.  The film is set in a small village in England. The people are poor, have a high standard of living, are very rural, lack modern technology, and do not look for the luxuries of modern life.  There are three main stories, two that are typical of the low income world, and the third story which is very strange. The main story has a very strange premise: a man becomes a hick in a big city, gets a job, is exposed to hick culture, and ends up in the middle of the hick world.  All in all this is a great film, but it is worth watching in a different light. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Halloween, Horror, Sci-fi & Fantasy" was a fun one of the original 8 films. It was not as bad as "Haunting the Crypt", the other 7 Halloween films are, and this is the best. The film was entertaining, fun, and a good horror/comedy that had an ending that was scary! It also made a lot of sense, but i liked it for what it was. This is one of those films that you don't get the ending until the credits roll, and it was great to see Michael Keaton in a role again. I was happy to see Jack Nicholson and Kenneth Branagh in this one, because the film was so fun and i was glad for them to have a fun role, but I was also sad that this movie wasn't the best of the bunch.  The film doesn't contain spoilers, but if you want to watch a good and scary Halloween film, this is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes in this movie is at the beginning when the three main characters are in the beginning of their conversation, and all three are together, and you can see the whole audience behind them. In the next scene the three are still in the same location, and are perfectly in the next shot. I love the way the scenes are filmed and edited, and I especially love the fact that the main character is not shown in front of the camera, which really helps to focus on his feelings. It could also have been edited better, and showed the characters more clearly in their roles.  I like all the characters well enough, and like all those who are portrayed in this film, I would not necessarily recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Hobgoblins" is a fascinating film. It's the first feature film that was nominated for the oscar in the director's own right, and it was certainly not one of the best that I've seen. The fact that it was made in 1948 and not 1956 is more than compensated for the lack of action. The story is of a pair of hunters, who are out to find the beast-like creature "Hobby" (played by Peter Fonda), who is destroying the crops in the area. They are aided by a man (John Cusack) and by a wise old woman (Polly Morgan), who all along keep the hunters away from the "hobgoblin." A small boy is the hunter's friend, who is bitten by a poisonous bat (Peter Falk), and he's brought to a hospital with his wound. The wound turns out to be the hobgoblin, which is revealed to be a mutant bat-eater. When the boy returns to the hospital with the hospital nurse, a mutated bat (played in its natural state by Ray Liotta) leaps out of the hospital and kills the nurse, and Peter, the boy's friend gets to live because the mutated bat-o-phoenix. The entire movie is incredible in atmosphere and stunning in cinematography.  "The Incredible Melting Man" is the second film in which the filmmakers used the superb technique of freeze-frame photography. This time, the "Hodet Over Vannet" technique was used, but it was more effective. The cinematography is excellent, and the camera follows a steady, steady pace of motion and allows the audience to follow the story in real time. The film is much more action and less of the "filler" that was in "H Hobgoblins."  The third film in this series, "Hudet Over Verboten," is even more impressive. This is the best, and this movie is probably one of my least favorite. The plot is less simple and more of a "love story" with a lot of suspense. "Hem," as Peter Fond (the man who got the idea for the movie) says, "Is a thing like this."  I've never seen this series of films, but this one in particular is a "must-miss" on many films. I'd never seen anything like this before, and I can't see why. The only reason that I can give
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie. This movie shows the evolution of a family, not just one couple with kids. This is a very realistic and touching movie, with plenty of laughs and tear ups, not to mention some great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A great movie. I don't know if I have seen all the movies in this movie but this one stands out as one great masterpiece. I loved how it was a very realistic depiction of an older woman dealing with a younger guy. I also love how the movie kept moving and never stayed the same. It is a good example of how movies can be so much more than a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the great film of the young director, Michael van der Meul. It is directed by the Dutch director of "Slim Slam Slum" and "L'Isleurs Blos", and is filmed in the old town of Amsterdam. The actors are excellent, the story is interesting, and the ending is very emotional. It's a very dark movie with a great sense of reality. It has all the old clichés: a woman dies in the woods, her husband finds a way to keep her family together, and a woman's love for a man is not fulfilled by the husband, and she is lonely and depressed. The film's end is tragic, but the emotions are there.  This has to be one of my favorite Dutch films ever made. I would say this is one of the masterpieces of the Dutch film industry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line of the movie was intriguing, but I had to remember it was not an action movie, I loved the characters and I think they made the movie great.  All in all a great movie and I would recommend this movie to anyone interested in a great plot and great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's one of those great, almost indy, movies. But with the great acting, wonderful great cinematography, masterfully brilliant cinematography masterfully beautiful magnificent beautiful beautiful works. In a very short time I was captivated by the mesmerizing beautiful works of the master, and so was my great Dutch friend, who was surprised that his beloved countryman, Herman Van Damme, could achieve such beautiful, beautiful and beautiful pictures.  It was not the only time Van Dammes' works were spectacular, but also his very strong sense of humor, his great sense of style and his great talent, which he had developed and used so brilliantly in his earlier works. Van Damms was a genius, and I am sure that I am no more impressed with his movies, than with his life.   Van Dammel has his unique way of looking and his unique life style, which is hard to understand. But I guess that, in the end, I could not tell the difference between a Van Dammy's movie and a Van Diamantino's movie. Van Dormael was a man who used his genius to make beautiful pictures, and he is still doing great movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent and simple movie. I love the acting, the beautiful cinematography, and the magnificent special effects. I also appreciate the great acting of the great James T. Flocker.  I like the way the movie is filmed. The way the lighting and the way everything look great, and how realistic it is. The special effects are amazing. It's very realistic, and I like how the story develops in the movie. This movie is an amazing masterpiece. It doesn't take long before you can tell that you've seen it all.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the original cartoon, as it is an incredibly complex piece of animation that is, for all of its shortcomings, very faithful to the source. However, I do admire the fact that the newer ones, like the Adventures of Pumbaa, are better, and there is a lot less pointless stuff in them. The animation is more colourful, but also more cartoony, but the characters are more realistic. The original characters are actually less cuddly, and more cuddle-like. Also, the animation is not as cartoone as in the newer cartoon, which is very stylised.  Pumbaaa is an enjoyable, but for the same reason that it isn't as colourful as the cartoon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was written by my former high school writing teacher, who I think was the master of the movie when I was in junior high school. It was one of the masterpieces that i've seen in the past, which was a wonderful experience and I wish i could have had the chance to see.  I loved the story and i wanted to see more of the relationship between the main character and his family members, so it was an enjoyable experience.   My favorite line is the one when he says "if i could, i'd never go to a funeral," and i thought that line was so very heartfelt. This movie made me think that i'm going to be dead in the next few years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this movie for nearly 5 years now. I'm astonished by how it is one of the masterpieces from the director of "Seinfeld", "My Favorite Year", and "Seres", and I find this movie the perfect complement. "Saving Grace" is a wonderful film with the same basic ingredients. The plot is simple: an aging woman (Lorre) is traveling in a different time period with her husband (Wright), and has become a slave of the "chirping" Lorre's (Trotter). The story is about the two women who have become very close, and I think there is a great possibility that there could be a movie about the subject, but it never got to the point of being a movie. The performances are great. The story, which could have taken place in the early- to mid-50's, is a little dated, and although the characters are not that mature, they are definitely more realistic than the usual. The acting is masterfully done, and the movie is entertaining from beginning to end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating look at the relationship of a mother who has left her abusive husband for a woman she was abused in childhood and who is now pregnant and has to choose between her child or her career. The woman in the film decides that she can't go back to being a mother and is therefore in dire need of help, but is unaware that she has a daughter she never knew about.  The film follows a mother, her daughter, and her husband's struggles to make her life and the life of their mother and daughter a living hell. As in all of the films about child abuse and neglect, there is a moral question. Can't a mother's love be able to overcome the kind of situation she's in, but can't a daughter's love? The film examines the choices between mother and career in a beautiful, dark, and disturbing way, and asks questions about what kind of mother will do if she has to go back in the world of her own, or if she will go for a change of heart and find someone who understands her situation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this was a great cast, and it was great acting, but it was brilliant, and I enjoyed every second of it. I don't think there are many movies about this kind, and even fewer are as good as this one. I would rate it a 10/10, and maybe higher. 9/10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is beautifully shot, with a haunting, Gothic atmosphere. The movie follows the lives of a couple who marry for the money and then have to get rid of the money by the other couple in order to keep their lifestyle together. The story is quite disturbing and the characters are believable. I recommend it for all audiences. It is recommended that no one over 10 get the full story, and that people over 7 watch it for the story and the acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful piece of cinema. It's like when the movie comes together beautifully in a movie. The director creates great images in the movie, and you can tell what's going on. I love the first two movies, but the third one is really good. I was able to connect with the movie and I really feel that this movie is very touching. I have seen the movie in a couple of days and I am still waiting for more. I think I would like to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is a classic of war movies. The main character is a former soldier, John (Paul Bettany) returns to his family in England to his work and his life as a father and a husband.  The script has great insights into the life of a serviceman who is returning to a life he never wanted. A soldier who is going to his grave, has never seen his mother and doesn't want to. His wife (Polly Walker) has not seen his wife in years and has a secret from his fellow soldiers that they are all dead.  What's more is that it makes a touching portrayal of what war is. I won't spoil the film for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am surprised that this show has lasted for so long. I thought the best part was when they played some of the older characters (with different facial expressions) that had been on since the series began, and it made me feel like they had some very good stuff to say. It was nice to see the cast finally back, and to be honest i really like all of them now. I am so glad that this was finally on, I have waited for this show to come back since it was cancelled. It wasn't too long ago that I had never heard about this show, and i have never watched it on any other channel, so i thought that if it was only on Sky it would be on for 3 weeks, i was so amazed. I haven't watched the episodes, and there is nothing on, or I could tell you where i am right now.  I really love all of the actors, especially the girls. This show was a huge success for the series, and the next show I wish would be a similar success. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was one of my favorite films ever. The actors did an wonderful job with a great story and great acting. It has a very natural look to it. I love the movie but I do not mind the movie. It is a good film for people who don't like to watch films that are not from Sweden. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason to watch this is if you're really bored and enjoy watching a good story, and then you should give this movie a try. I loved this movie, and I'm hoping to get my 10 minutes of bliss back. It's a great story, well, that story is told well. This movie is beautiful and really shows how hard it really is to make a good film, which is something I've been doing my whole life. I hope this movie comes to life.   8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched the movie for about a year now and after my first viewing I was very impressed with the film. It's the first time I have seen a movie with such great acting and beautiful cinematography and beautifully composed cinematography.  The movie shows us the story of a couple of Italian families living together and the life of their children and the characters they create and it also shows the evolution of the characters of each family.  In my opinion this movie is very realistic, the characters are very realistic and the story is very touching. I recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in living in an Italian village or any person who lives in a small town in Italy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an adaptation of the story of a young man's dream of becoming the king of Israel, but instead of a dream, we see a real person with his dreams. He is the only person who fulfills his dream.  In this film, the main character, an Israeli, is killed in a plane crash. The tragedy and mourning follow, and in some scenes we see reflections of his dream life as a boy, and he's still a boy. The film is about the grieving of the family of the main victim and their desire to have something meaningful to say. The acting is great, and the story is very moving. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised. The film is beautiful and has great acting, especially from the beautiful Marina Vlady. The soundtrack is very good and there is very funny music in this film. The plot is interesting and very strange, the characters are interesting and so on. The direction is great especially from Marina Vlad, who really does a good job as a producer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I didn't like this film because I don't like films that have a lot of plot. I love the original "Alive" films and the "Alives" series. The only thing that makes "AlIVES" unique is that it is a "B" horror film. "AlIVE" is a B-movie! A great B-Movie! Excellent! Excellent and original! Excellent movie! 8/10!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not the best movie in the world, and I've seen some great movies. So I'll say this: I don't think it's even that great. I think it is great and beautiful. It is well made, and the cast is very good. And I am surprised to see all the hype for this movie. It was so lovely, beautiful and well-acted. I am glad that I saw this film with my girlfriend, and we are both surprised to say that it was the wonderful and beautiful film. The story is touching, and it is the first movie I have seen that i could see all of it, and that we could all feel the pain. We all love our little babies, but we don't want them to see this movie! We were so surprised to watch this beautiful and touching story. And it's a wonderful story, that I wish I could buy the whole movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love how the two main characters, the girl and the guy, make their own decisions, and that the girl decides to stay and help the guy even though she is really close to her father and has a chance to be with him. I love the way they make their decisions. They are real and they are good.  This movie is really cute. It's really sweet. It has good story and i like the songs. I don't think that there are many animated movies, but i liked this one, but there are few.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First, the movie reminded me of "Somewhere In Time" when it was released in 2001. The main theme is about a time travel from the year 2022 where the Earth is being destroyed by a meteor. And it is going to destroy the entire planet.  It is the beginning of a time line where a meteor hits the Earth and kills everyone on the planet except for those who live on a space station that survived the meteor. This movie is set during that time and the characters are scientists, engineers, military and a handful of astronauts. This was an amazingly realistic and interesting movie with tons of great music and great special effects. It was also released to coincide with the opening of the "Star Wars" franchise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, the music. This was written by the wonderful Peter H. James. He has since moved on to producing great films, which is quite a feat considering his illustrious resume. He also penned "Of Human Bondage" which was quite good and had some great lyrics. But this was not one of those masterpieces. It was wonderful and heartfelt. I don't know how he got such beautiful music for this movie. I just love him for his wonderful work. But I'm glad he has moved on now to bigger things.  And the best part of the movie was Peter Hutton's performance as one of the lead characters. He wasn't very good at all and he made the most believable and sympathetic character in the whole movie. Also he made some great movies after this one and i'm not going to mention any of them, because it is not a movie that you want to spoil. So go watch this wonderful movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have ever attended a film festival, or are interested in watching a film made during the festival, then you will enjoy this film. I had never seen such great film, but after seeing it, I was amazed that so few people were able to enjoy this magnificent film.  This is not a movie, but a great film. It's a great movie. It was directed beautifully, and the acting was great, especially from each actor. The story is touching, and at the end I was stunned by the story and the beautiful cast of supporting actors.  I've been a fan of Kim Basinger since I first saw "Basic Instinct," and she is wonderful in this film as the character played by Mary Stuart Masterson.  The plot is great, and there is great music and good acting. The best movie I have ever seen is "Basic Training," starring David Berkowitz. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've always been fascinated by the film and I really haven't seen anything since but I can't remember one, so I thought it would be interesting to see it again.  Well, my friend and I found it fascinating, but I was amazed by the magnificent acting, great cinematography, great settings and great use of natural settings and the stunning scenery. I really enjoyed the movie, I found the plot touching and the way that it showed the difference between the two worlds, but at the end I just found myself completely surprised.  I also found myself thinking that the ending was not just a happy ending, it just showed that there was still hope.  Overall I enjoyed it, I think I would give this a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time. This is a little like 'The Great Santini' and 'The Godfather' and it is quite scary, and I am glad it is so scary.  The movie is also quite good, I have seen it many times, and it still shocks me to no end. I also don't like the fact that it is in English, a Hindi movie is supposed to be in Hindi and a Gujarati movie is in Gujarati, and all the rest are all equally good, but all the English in this movie is amazing.   The main thing that I liked about the movie is that it has good music, it was really haunting and I have also seen the movie many times and it's not as great as 'The Mother' but there are a few good songs and they are all good in some way.  I think that the main reason why this movie wasn't released is because there are still so many movies that are in the pipeline, and 'Godfather' was really good.  'The Father' will definitely not be released any time soon, maybe a year or two from now, and hopefully not a lot further. I give this movie a 7 out of 10, and the rating may have been a bit low. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Girlfight" was a fun movie for anyone who liked the old Bond movies and "the Living Daylights" or "the Secret Lives" films.   There were some great special effects and a lot of gun action and a good time for Bond fans to be blown away by awesome action scenes, special effects, and the great atmosphere of a movie made in 1979.  "Contempt" was similar to "Gieve me, Bond" in atmosphere and atmosphere. It had more action and atmosphere and less of a lot to say about it.  The film was fun for the whole family. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes watching movies with the family, who likes a good laugh and want to see some good action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite anime of all time! I found the first two anime in "Legend of ZU" to be quite similar, though. Both have the same story and the same kind of characters. "Legend" is much better than "ZU". It isn't so much anime, but it's not really that great. It's a cute anime!  I have watched this for about 4 years now, so it's kinda boring. I am a huge "Z" fan, and have been watching this for a while now.  The animation is quite colorful and I thought it fit right into the background of the anime. I didn't like the character designs or the character portraits in "Z", and I didn the character's personalities well at all, but this movie has a much more realistic look to it, and I think that it looks better than all "Z"-animated animated stuff ever made!  There is some interesting characters in the "Legend", like the one who gave birth to ZU and the one that gave birth for her. But overall, I think this is a good anime! I recommend this to people who are into anime or people who like anime or who don't like anime. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I liked the first two movies. They were not really great, but it wasn't a movie that you could see yourself liking. It is a very interesting movie, with some good acting, but a good story to tell. The first two films were not as good as the third. The plot is good and the movie is very good. This is a good sequel, not an original one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie blew me away with its simplicity, elegance, elegance and beauty. It is a story of life, the simple things in everyday life, and beauty, all of which I found to be very interesting and beautiful.  This is not about the most famous person in the world, and I do not believe this movie is about the famous or any other person, but I am about the many small things I saw everyday that surprised me, and most of them were extremely hilarious.  I would love to see this movie again, I would like to be able to buy it on DVD, I will watch it anytime. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of my favorite movies of all time, bar none.  A great story of a woman's struggle to overcome her life-changing circumstances and then her ability to find meaning and purpose.  The acting in this film is great, with standout performances by Claire Danes, David Duchov, and Ed Harris.  This movie also had the great advantage of being in color, and therefore the full effect of the story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found the film to be great. I enjoyed the way it brought out the different personalities in a way that made them unique and more likeable. The actors were strong, but I felt that they really made me feel for them.  The story focuses on two main characters, one that is the ex-dictator, and another that is his female secretary. Both are a bit disturbed, so that's a good thing.  Also, the film showed the different methods of torture that they used, and the different kinds of characters that they were forced to make.  I think that this film is excellent in all aspects. I have watched the film on several different occasions, and I always find myself asking myself the same question: what kind of person are they? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an original and fun comedy that I've seen to death! I saw it at a screening of a recent movie of the same name with some friends and I got the feeling that the director (Danny Aiello) was masterfully handling the story. The only problem I found in this film was with the sound editing and beautiful FX. I liked the way the music was composed and I liked how well the characters spoke and acted. The story is smart, very believable and so fun, I'm not surprised at the high ratings.  The only really disappointing thing about this film is the casting of the main characters. They are all very unique and I think the casting was brilliant.  My rating: 4/5 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are a movie buff, this movie is for you. It is very fun, and contains many great jokes. I like it a lot, but I don't think it is too much. But I don'nt think there are too many movies about this genre, and I think this is one of the best.  If anyone wants to know the movie, I suggest checking it out. I think I will be sad to have seen it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is solid, the story is intriguing and it is enjoyable. The characters are diverse and they interact well with the viewer, it can be a bit tedious at times, but that is not a bad thing.  It seems that the director and the cast succeeded brilliantly in creating a believable and interesting fantasy world that is very dark and full of surprises. The ending is surprising, it is unique, but I don't want to spoil it for anyone.  The visuals are beautiful and the settings are beautiful. There is a great deal of suspense and suspense filled in this movie. The movie isn't a perfect fantasy or is it a very realistic fantasy?  The movie is a very exciting and very dark fantasy. It is a good fantasy movie. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who is not easily scared by a lot of the recent films, I found myself thoroughly captivated by this one.  A film which explores the dark side of humanity and the inhumanity of war, is a scary film. The acting was superb masterfully crafted by the excellent Peter Fonda and the masterful score by David M. Kennedy.  The direction was stunning and brilliant. The cinematography brilliant and full of atmosphere. The direction also works beautifully with the music. The story of an escaped Nazi scientist who is willing to risk his reputation in order to save innocent lives and a German girl is captivating. The music is full of haunting melodies, as if the film were a real-life story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The main story is a very interesting and interesting story. The cast of characters are good, but the director did a great job also.  The plot is good, with great special effects, good animation, and great music. The characters are interesting, and the whole movie is well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of the masterpieces of the modern age.  In this case, I don't think I have seen a masterpiece that masterfully captured the essence of the artist.  This is a visual masterpiece of breathtaking proportions.   The direction is masterful, and the use of light, colors and settings makes this work seem to be an extension of the canvas rather than a mere artistic statement.  The use of text and images to show the artist's works is magnificent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that makes me laugh, it is a comedy with good humor and good timing. it has a very good script with good cast and good direction. The music is also good, it has some good song and dance songs, and also a great score by the wonderful kris kriemhild.  A must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of this is a romance between a police officer and a woman. This is a movie that was made in Hollywood during the fifties. It was a love story of two people that wanted to be married. The movie is about two people whose dreams come true. It is a romantic, happy, and surprising movie. It also has a happy ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, as another poster here has remarked, that this is the best movie I have ever seen. I have seen a lot of them, and this is easily the masterpieces. They are very masterpieces!   As for the rest of the movie, well, it is well done. The action is great, the action is superb, the direction masterfully crafted and great performances from all the actors. The great acting is brilliant. The direction masterpieces beautifully. The beautiful cinematography masterpieces brilliantly. The stunning settings and settings masterfully chosen to portray a very dark and creepy story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is not as good as the great American pie movie. This movie has good story and great performances. The story is very good. The characters are all good. I loved the story and all the actors. I would like to see more of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I'm a guy, that likes action and action flicks, but this is my favorite movie of all time." It's the first movie that i have seen that was so beautiful. It's a lot different than the first "I never saw the same movie again", because you'll notice that it's not a remake of "The Rock", that's different than this great movie. But the thing that i like about this movie is the casting. The best thing is that this movie has great special effects and the action is great, you don't have to see the movie to know what i mean. The main actor is a great guy that plays "Viggo Mortensen" (I don't know what he's doing in this movie, he is awesome and i love him) and he is great in the movie, also the supporting actors are awesome, they are so great, also there is a cool scene where the main character is a soldier, the soldier is awesome, the main girl is awesome.  So this is the best movie of 2001 that i've ever seen, but it's definitely not the best. It is not "The Secret Games of Dr. Fu Manchu" or any other movie you've seen, it's a great movie, and I'm not gonna give you any details because I love to see more movies from this guy. But I want to say that if you like this movie you will definitely not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic in every way. The movie has a beautiful and haunting feel to it, but it doesn't try to hide its heart in it. It's not some "I'm a mother, I'm a father, I am a human being" kind of movie, but instead it's a human story.  The acting is great, especially the beautiful Jessica Lange and James Van Der Beek. I really can't remember anyone else who played a mom and a dad who are both grieving the loss of their child.  I just love this movie. It is very realistic and I also like the idea of a mother who tries to make her child happy, and tries her best. I don't see it as a "bad movie", but a very human story that could have happened to any of us. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was one of my favorites. It was very funny and I loved the song "I'll be back soon" but the rest of the movie was very good. The movie has some of the songs from the old "My Peanuts" and "A Little Bit of Old".  The animation was pretty good. You can see the story in a lot of detail and it's very colorful. The animals are cute, the landscapes are beautiful and the animals are all very different. The story itself is cute and the ending is very emotional.   I enjoyed this movie. I hope they will make more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a fan of both sci-fi and drama. Sci-fi is my genre and this movie is not. It was made to look real.  The plot is great and it is well-crafted. The cast is excellent especially the lead. The special effects and cinematography master works brilliantly.  My favourite movie of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is in the style of "A little tragedy in the modern world." A well-directed, well-acted, well done, well thought out, and well thought-out film that explores the tragedy that besets one family in the Pacific Northwest.  I had the pleasure of seeing it in Portland on the day it premiered.  It tells the story of the family of a father, a mother, a brother, a sister, and a dog. The animals' lives were intertwined, and the animals were affected by the people's actions.  There are some great scenes, but the overall effect is one of sadness, pain, and anger. The sound track, which is often used in documentaries and films, has a haunting and ethereal quality. The use of the voice-over narration was beautiful, and helped to make the audience question what it would be like if there was no narration at all.   This film shows the tragedy of the animals, and it did not glorify it as I did in "A Mother's life." I felt that the film should show the suffering of humans as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that this is one of my favorite movies, but I don't think that I have seen it yet. I hope I will get to see it again. It is so unique and so different from anything I've seen in the movie world. It reminds me of "Jumping Jack", which was the story of a man who's going through life and finding his place in the universe. I am glad that "Jupiter" is finally a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a fantastic look at how women are treated with respect in the 20th century, especially when dealing with family and children.   The acting is superb, especially the performances of the leading characters.  The beautiful cinematography is breathtaking and breathtaking.  Overall, a wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story of a group of thieves and a mysterious curse that makes the victims to live as long as they wish. It is the story of two thieves who make a deal in a basement and they end up getting killed by the mysterious curse.  This movie is not as violent as the other, it is more emotional. You see the two thieves in their coffins, the coffins glow, the victims' coffins slowly fall to the ground, you see the beautiful scenery in the woods and the beautiful landscapes, you feel sad for the victims, and the great music makes you cry. This movie makes you feel like a true story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story follows the lives of the two main characters, a high school senior and his friend, and their struggles over the course of one year. The movie opens on a beach where the two friends meet, and the following day they go back to the beach and the swimming, and to the same place, for a swim, and a game of dare.  The main characters are drawn to each other and, in the end, decide to make a swim together, with their own lives.   The movie's message is that people have a life outside of their own personal desires and needs, and that life has more meaning and purpose than we give it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story in this movie is about a group of friends in the process of breaking a big sleep. They meet one night at a sleep research center and are plagued by insomnia.  The movie shows two of the patients that have had their first nightmare (one night stand) and two that had their second nightmare (a day at work).   This movie shows how these nightmares change the lives of the two patients in question.    The characters in this film are both normal, as well as extremely disturbed. The actors are great, and the story works well.  This film is a solid 10/10. I have seen the entire movie, and have found that after the first nightmare the second is the most difficult. The best part is at the end when the first patient dies, and you are sad for them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Alastair Sims" was one of the very best and most accurate and definitive documentary of British industrial history. It tells the story of the transformation of the working classes into a class of industrial workers who are essentially a bunch of creative, dedicated workers who have unique interests and are able to look beyond their immediate needs and see that the products they make are ultimately the products of human ingenuity and that they are living in a world that is built upon the back of the ingenuity of people who have the means to utilize the latest technology and techniques in the most effective and efficient manner.  I also want to say that I feel privileged to live in a country where the people who are subject to industrial exploitation are subject not only to the exploitation of capital and profits, but to the neglect and abuse of their natural environment. This documentary is about the lives of the workers in British industries and the abuse of the environment by big business. This film has been edited in such a way that I am absolutely delighted with it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a short film that deals with one of the biggest problems facing mankind today: an epidemic that has killed over 50 million people around the world.  It is interesting to see how the story builds up and what effects this has on society. It is very disturbing and not very pleasant.  The film is a good summary of the events and is made for a disturbing audience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had always been a big fan of Robert Altman, who starred in several of his early films, but this was not one of his best films. He also co-directed a later film, "Suspicious Minds," which was a brilliant bit of acting in its own right.  I really liked this movie, though Altman was at his prime. It was not a big budget film, though, and Altman shows heart and a very believable performance from a very strange and perplexed character. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this film in the 60's when I was in the city and there was one house that I could see in the rear of the house. I had seen it when I went back to New York city and after seeing it I became a serious person. I was very impressed by the fact that I had never seen it before.  This is one of the masterpieces of this director, and it's not bad at all. The script master worked brilliantly and the magnificent performances from the main actors are perfect. This is a movie you don't want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason I didn't enjoy this film is that I was young and naive. I thought that it was a beautiful, romantic story.  The movie showed that there was a very powerful, but humble part of the story. The acting was beautiful, and the beautiful cinematography beautifully captured some of the feelings of the two main characters.  I enjoyed the first part, but I really didn't feel any different. I really felt that there were parts of the movie that were a bit too dark, or simply plain sad.  This film is a very good romantic story, and I believe that it can be a very depressing movie, but it is still sad, very emotional, and very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise is familiar, and the plot is familiar. The story may be familiar, or it may not, but it is still very entertaining. I saw it with my eleven year old niece and she was bored and I was surprised to see the movie. The movie is well directed and well acted, and I recommend it to any kid who likes a movie with a good story. If you are a parent who has not seen it, then I recommend you not watch. It will scare you to death. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to see why it wasn't more popular when it first came out. But it was definitely not one of my favorite movies of all time. The special effects and the beautiful scenery really make this movie amazing. It is so beautiful that I am shocked that it was not made into a big Hollywood production. And the beautiful music is wonderful, the beautiful cinematography brilliantly stunning and it is one of the masterpieces of the 20th century. I am surprised that this movie has gotten so much love because of the fact that the special effects are so amazing and beautiful that it is difficult to even talk about it in words. I hope that everyone gets to see this magnificent movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an action packed, fast paced, and realistic, though slow paced, movie. The story follows the lives of two men who fight for justice and who have to live with the consequences of their actions.  The movie shows the two men in a realistic and realistic way. The acting is excellent, especially the lead performance by Jason Scott Lee, who also stars in this movie.   The music is very good, specially the sound track by Ronny Cox, who has made some excellent films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favourite and most exciting thing about this movie is that it's so entertaining, so it's a must-see! The only problem I have with this movie was the soundtrack. It was beautifully chosen to suit the film and the plot was brilliant and moving. The acting was masterfully done, the direction brilliantly detailed and brilliantly realised.  This is a must see for anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the masterpieces in the history of European Cinema. In this case, it was the work of great director Jan de Bont (who also directed the excellent "La Pianiste", "The Grand Canyon", "La Sanguiste", and "The Last Picture").  The story was very powerful and, although the story is very simple, it is a very human one. The direction, the cast, the cinematography, the settings, the images, and the acting, all made this masterpiece, and, what's more, it's one of those "realist" thrillers. Very thrilling and very disturbing. The story may be very simple and very simple (like "My Favorite Year", for example), but the movie doesn't try to make it so, it just works beautifully.  The beautiful cinematography in the background makes the story very believable and the action very intense. The movie also deals with the most important subject in the whole story: what's the purpose of human existence in the modern world.  I recommend this movie to anyone interested in European Cinema, or anyone who wants to watch something very disturbing and disturbing, without the need to be totally crazy. It's a good story, it makes you angry, it will disturb you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is set in a small town in Montana in the early summer, where a woman (Deborah Tepel) rents a small cabin for the summer and takes a swim. The cabin is the beach house for a family of three. The father (Paul Douglas) is a doctor and lives in the cabin with his wife (Susan Hayward) and two sons. The oldest son, Charlie (Richard Monette), is a very rough guy. The younger two sons, Brad (Brad Pitt and Brian De Palma) are nice boys and the older son, Ben (Danny Glover), is an overaggressive teenager. They drive the family's RV through the woods and the family comes across a large moose (an indication that the family has a problem with animals). Ben is upset because he wants to get to the moose. The older son encourages Ben to take a swim and Ben does not.  The best part of the movie is the scene where the father is taking his first swim. He is taking a swim with his stomach bulging out of his shirt and the blood is on his face. This scene is very powerful and it makes the movie believable. The movie is very funny, and it is very dark, but it is not so intense that you will be frightened by it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie at least 5 times. I find it a great way to introduce children to the pleasures of adult life. The scenes where children are shown the way they should be treated, are touching and encouraging. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my friends, who's a teacher in the middle east, says to me, "You know, 'The General' is not the greatest movie ever." I agree, 'Hobgoblins', 'The Jerk', 'Stuart' and 'The Moustache' are better movies."  The whole movie is great fun. I enjoy it, because I am always trying to find something to say, and this is one of my favorites.  The only negative, I guess, is that it has one of the greatest characters ever, and the movie has a lot of great moments.  'The Cat and the Canary' is fun, 'Little Man' is great, 'Bridal Blessings' is cute, 'Sisters' is kind, 'Maggie' is sweet and the rest is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the movie, there is a very touching and tender moment when the mother has to choose between her husband and the future. The movie is not only about the mother and daughter relationship but also about the relationship of the mother with her daughter, about how the daughter tries to escape from the mother's clutches. There is some serious nudity and some sex scenes in the movie. The mother is very beautiful, but not in a sensual way. The daughter is also very beautiful. I like this movie and recommend it to those who like mother-daughter bonding movies or mother-son bonding movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Haunting Fear" is a good story. It's scary. It has great acting. It is the only movie I've seen that scared me to death. "Haunching Fear" scared me like no other movie. It also scared me when I saw that movie for the first time. The first time was when I was a kid. I remember a boy and I had nightmares. But the second time I saw it, I had a nightmare. The scares I had during this movie were scary as well. And I loved every second of it.  "Haunted Fear" was the perfect movie for a Halloween movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off I would like to say that I don't care what people say about this film, because I am not going to go into detail about the plot, but the great performances of all the actors really make this a wonderful movie to watch.  The music and the voice acting is beautiful, and there are some great special effects, and a really good use of the CG, and the animation and effects are brilliant. I enjoyed it and hope to continue to enjoy it as long as possible.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of "The Wooden Horse" is very similar to the movie "The Princess Bride", except that the movie is about animals and horses. Unlike "The Prince of Egypt", this movie doesn't fall into the traps of a traditional fairy tale, but the characters are still very enchanting and the story is not as cute as the classic "Beauty and the Beast" by the author of "Beautiful Creatures". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite episodes was the one where the movie takes a trip into the jungle and is attacked by the Apaches. They're cannibals and seem to be more interested in food than anything else. The Apaches run off of their food and get into a fight with the natives who live in the jungle. When the Apache's get into the village, the natives are killed by the fire and everyone is killed.  In this episode, there are a few stand out moments but these moments are short and sweet.  Another stand out is the wonderful music score. It is not a big piece of music, as was the theme song. The music in this episode is very catchy, very modern and very American in feel.  Overall, I enjoyed this episode. The special effects are amazing, the cinematography and settings are amazing and the music is great. It was a good episode and not the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this film, and I'm looking for a copy.  If anyone has any info regarding a copy, please let me know.  I'd love to have a copy of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am very happy to have seen this short, a very touching and tender and honest movie with a good ending. The story is a very powerful one and all the cast are very good. I hope they get a chance to play again.  This movie is a nice surprise. The movie is about a man that is planning on his own trip to see his parents who are going to visit him and his kids at his work place. One day, a tornado blows up in his house and kills his parents and himself. His family is very lucky as it is blown away from the tornado. His mother has to find out about her missing and is not helped by his brother.   The story has some very dark moments in it, but they are very powerful. I think this movie is good in all it's aspects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to see this film when I was about 13 years old. I have since viewed it several times, but I have never forgotten how great it was when I first saw it. It was disturbing and I still do not get freaked out by it. The acting was brilliant and brilliant. The direction was great masterfully crafted and masterfully captured. The sound and beautiful cinematography stunning. The story is full of suspense and suspense. I would recommend this film to anyone interested in horror and suspense, but if you are freaked or you have a weak stomach don't watch it. If you are open minded and enjoy the occasional good movie I would probably recommend this movie. I give this a 10/10 masterfully created masterpiece. 10/5 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, I am glad to see the first ever feature film by the great Robert Hossein. The only reason I was so taken by this film was because it is a wonderful film. It was very powerful, it was dramatic and it was suspenseful. All of these elements make a great film. This is the first film I have seen that showed the entire concept of an Iranian horror film, and it is not very hard to see why this is a hard film to make. This film is full of great atmosphere and very good horror direction. The cinematography is very good, the sound is good, and the sound effects are great, but the best part is the fantastic atmosphere of the film. I saw this film on the night of my 10th birthday, and I have still got nightmares about it. It is hard to describe it. I like it, but I don't know that anyone else could like it either. It just is unique. I recommend this film to any one interested in horror. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't know what to say. I have seen every Disney animated short and I love them all. This one was brilliant, and so I thought I would give it a shot. I've watched this movie about six times and it still cracks me up. I think I could even do better. I love how they made the characters so diverse, and I can't believe how much I was able to recognize each of them at first. It was awesome. I'm glad I didn't know any of the other characters, and they all had so much great voices. I just loved it, and wanted more. I definitely would recommend this film to anyone. 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A delightful, if a muddled and surreal film, set to the music of Pink Floyd (who wrote a great deal of the songs for this film, as well as for the film version of the movie in the original run-of-the-mill "Rock On!") this is an odd movie. But not for children, the story is quite simple. It's not like "Gilligan's Island", but for a lot of us, the end of this movie seems so simple.   This is a movie to be seen and enjoyed. The acting is good, the script is great, and the music is beautiful, with some of the song titles written by Brian Epstein, who, unfortunately, is not as good as his brother (if the title "Brian Epstein" is not taken, I am glad that he did not get the "Rock on!" version of "Rock".)  The direction is a masterful, beautiful, and sometimes even disturbing work. The film has a strange visual sense, and a very surreal story. The music is a nice and strange mixture of Pink, Floyd and Pink Floyd. The movie contains a lot, and that is why it is not perfect.  The special effects are pretty good. The actors, as usual, are good. Also, the visual effects are good, and, to be honest, I think it is hard to explain the beautiful scenery.  If you like weird and surreal movies, and are looking for a muddle-headed tale, this is definitely not the right movie for you.  7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a real film student, not a big movie buff, so I'm happy to say I was taken by surprise! I saw this movie with my 10 year old niece and they loved it too. I just hope that this movie gets enough exposure to let everyone know about it and that I can get some of the negative feedback. My only negative comment on this film is that I think that it is a very entertaining film and that people should just enjoy it for what it is. It's a great film, even though the acting is good. I do hope that more people see this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well made movie, with good acting and good atmosphere, a great plot, great direction, great production design and great acting. I enjoyed the whole movie, it was beautiful, it made me feel all warm and fuzzy, and gave me goosepimples. I don't think this movie is like a movie that I would recommend to anybody. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I liked the first two seasons much more than the last three. I still love the first three seasons better than this one.  It's the second of three (before the fourth) seasons of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, which is just as good as the first. I also liked the second season of Buffy, and the first one, of which this is only the third. This is the second in which the story of Buffy was not in a new location.  This is just a great, interesting, and touching show. It has a lot of the same plot elements as the previous two seasons, and even more of them than before.  Overall, I loved the first episode, which I also loved, and I also hated the second one. It was the first time the entire series made me feel that I could relate to all the characters in the show.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the original and best documentary about WW2 and how it affected the war. It follows two soldiers on leave, one a parrot trainer and the other a German war hero. Both leave the war behind with them and try to make a life for themselves in the aftermath.  The first is a parrots trainer and his assistant, a war hero who returns to the war area to train parrots again. This time he finds a suitable spot for his parrots and he starts to befriend the parrots.  A sequel is not as easy as it seems, the second time he returns to his old life, he goes to find the bird who has the strength of all his dreams and he finds this bird and tries to befriend him, but it doesn't work out.   There are still two good parrots in the film, both of them are played by a very young, Robert E. Barrett (Brigitte Lin).  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised, that this movie wasn't listed in the IMDb Top 250. It's very entertaining and interesting. I think you can see why it isn't in the Top 250! The story is a mystery but the performances are excellent and stunning. All of the actors are great. The great scenes were great great. I loved the way they played the role of the young girl in the movie. All the special effects and FX were great beautiful. The music and beautiful photography made this movie great. It was a great experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of this film is one of the most powerful and emotional of any film I have seen. The ending alone is profoundly powerful, and so is the message.   It is a pity that such brilliant talent went into this magnificent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I first saw this when I was 14 years old, and I had to see it again just last week to complete the review. I'd love to say it was all true, and the story was true, because I love all three actors. However, the beauty of this film is that you don't have to be a Bollywood fan to understand. It is a great romantic film. It has great dialog, beautiful cinematography, great performances. The music is also wonderful. It makes me think that it is the music that makes this film so great. This is a film that could have a great impact on Indian society, and it is well done. I will watch it again and again, and my ratings are always the same. I think that I am sad that people don't appreciate this movie as much as I do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story of the relationship of a high school senior and a football team coach is very interesting and it's very strange at the beginning and you really don't know what's going to happen. The movie has a lot of great scenes and great acting, but the main thing is that it is a good story. If you like the series this is a great movie, and the ending is a very strange twist. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the great comedy movie of all time. The only flaw I found in it was that it was predictable and brilliant in some parts.  This was the greatest film I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great documentary, I've seen it and enjoyed it and i'd suggest you do too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that i am surprised.It is one where you are amazed and enjoy every second of it, even though you are supposed to like it.The movie is a good thriller, a suspenseful thriller with great scares and a great storyline.The best thing about this movie is the acting by John Lithgow and William H Macy, but they do it great, it is stunningly beautiful and it shows a great talent that everyone should see.I enjoyed it and will tell you what i mean in my next comment: this is a great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the first and best romantic anime I've ever seen. It was not bad at all. It's beautiful at the end. The animation is beautiful and the music is beautiful. It is very touching and very romantic. The ending is very beautiful. I would like to see more romantic episodes. The only reason I think this is such a wonderful anime is because of the story. The end is very moving. If you don't like it then you don;t understand the series and you would think it is very strange. I don't think anyone would like this series unless they like romances. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part of this movie is the great acting and great directing from Jøí Trnka and Jan De Bont. It is a great movie with a story that is really shocking and a surprising plot. The movie was nominated for the Oscar in the Best Foreign Film of 2002.   I saw the movie in my hotel room with a few other friends and we found it surprising to watch this movie.  I didn't like it very much. The first scene I was surprised about the story and I felt shocked that so much time was spent in the movie. The story reminded me of my time at boarding a plane and we were all scared and scared of what would happen to us if we didn't behave well. The last scene of the movie scared me even more. I felt so relieved after the movie that I kept my jaw open. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was a beautiful, almost dream-like movie. It was one of those quirky, yet very touching, romantic-comedy movies. This movie is not for the young or the easily entertained. It is not a typical romantic-curious movie with a great story.   I don't know what the other commentators think, but this movie had so many beautiful and beautiful images and moments that I was very happy with the outcome. It had a lot of great dialogue, great cinematography, great music and great acting.  It also had an excellent, but surprisingly short, story. A lot of people seemed to be lost in this movie and that made me sad and disappointed.  I loved it. I loved the dream sequences. I love the characters, and I am disappointed with the story. I am very sad that people will make a film that has such great story and great cinematographic photography.  This is the second film of my favorite, and it is the first. I do not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is very original. I can remember watching this when it first aired in 1988 and when it returned on TV in 1992. The film has aged well. I think the story and the characters are now in their prime. I was watching it for the first time when it came back. I have always wished that it stayed with me. It was such great acting and great direction. I would like to be able to buy the DVD with my library so that I could watch the entire movie again. I am shocked that this movie has been removed from the public. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the show but this is a really great one, if you can see it, and if you like me and love my work, then it is also, and this is another show, another show. I just wish I could say more, because I am really into this show. The first show was brilliant and funny, and the second show was even more touching.  This show is about a woman who comes home from work one day and gets an unexpected phone call. She is scared to go, and asks her mom to come over and take her place. When she gets there and sees the man that she is calling for, she decides to make the call.  I am surprised. I like this show a lot. My friend does like it and he just laughs at me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie takes place in the town of Hildreth in the 18th century. The townspeople are small and the inhabitants are mostly hick people who live by a strict code of honor and a strict routine. They are expected to pay a tithe in church every year. That is a heavy tax and the tithe is paid in cash by the church treasurer. The tithe can be used for anything, as long as it is not used for a purpose other than to pay the tithes due. This movie does give us a good glimpse of the life of these people in the village. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dress To Kill" is not only a film, but also a great comedy. It starts out with an exciting chase scene where all of the characters are at their best, including the one played by Kevin Spacey, the ex-fiancé he was engaged to marry in real life. The movie is set on a train, and Spacey's character, played by Spacey again, is the one who is caught in the middle.  One of the great parts is the way the train is set up; the "solar panels" that the characters ride around on, and the way they jump from platform to platform as if they are going to jump off and disappear in a puff of air. The story is a good one, but the acting is great and the characters brilliantly detailed and well-rounded. It is also a tribute to the wonderful, and still great, musical "Patton" song. "Dressed To Kill", the first musical film of George Lucas, is a musical homage to the great American actor and director of "Porno".  "The Last Wave" is a very different movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am usually a very positive review to an good movie. This movie is definitely not one of my favorites. It is one of the masterpieces that I have seen from all the directors of the last 15 years.  This movie isn't just for the die-hard anime fans. It has very good animation, very good music, great character portrayal of the human emotions, very beautiful special effects and good use of special effects. The main theme is that the main character is a boy and he wants to become a robot.  The plot is actually very simple and well-thought. I think the whole movie is a great masterpiece.   I really enjoyed it. I would like to recommend it to my friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film not seen for a very long time. It was made in the summer of 2005. The plot is familiar. A young couple are in love. The director shows the relationship from the point of view of the two main characters: the girl (a teenager) and the guy (a soldier). The story of their friendship is also familiar.    I enjoyed the first 10 minutes of this film. The pace of the story is slow and the pace of interaction between the two lovers was natural and natural.  There are many good scenes. The movie is full of interesting scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first of two feature films from director Joseph H. August's "Maniac" (1934), was a fairly typical "campy" horror comedy, and the second was an incredibly twisted psycho-thriller. These films were among the very first films made by famed independent studio MGM (RKO Radio Pictures, Radio Pictures Corp.) and were made for the benefit of its budding young audience. August had little to do with either of these. In fact, he wasn't even in the movie! He was in his first movie role (as the host of a television quiz show on CBS, which was produced at MGM studios in Hollywood), and his first film was "Maneater (1924)," which is not much better than August's brilliant "Mana)."  The film is not really about the real Maniac, since he was very much a character to begin with. The film opens with a shot of him in a hospital bed, but we soon learn he was an actual M.C. who was driven to his death by an obsessive personality.  The M.S. is a very sickly man who, after being in hospital for several days, returns home and commits suicide. He had a lot of anger issues going into the hospital, and he kills himself after the hospital staff refuses to look at his stomach.  August's masterful performance is one of his very best, and as the M.D. he is an unstoppable force. The plot has a very strong ending, but it's still a pretty good one.  There are lots of good examples of this movie in the "M.C." section of the DVD, and in the last ten minutes there is a short clip of an M.I.C.-14 being fired off at a screen in Hollywood, and then, after about thirty seconds, it cuts to August as the hospital personnel try to save the man and he gets up and walks away. That's a scene that makes me really angry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original film was very well done, with some great acting. The movie is still good, with good special effects and great music. It isn't as cheesy as The Goon and not as bad as The General, but it is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the story develops is captivating and I believe the movie has some of the most beautiful cinematography ever filmed. It is probably one of the masterpieces of the 20th century.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I found this film touching and touching again, with the same characters, and not any of the usual action/adventure, with very good acting and great action. I found it funny, I found the whole thing interesting, but also not boring. The ending touched me very deeply, and I hope that the whole audience gets something to think about, it was very emotional. The actors, the direction, and the whole atmosphere is great, and very creative. This movie could very well have been a very powerful and touching movie, it just touched me in a way that it hasn't been touched before. It has so many great performances and great performances, that you have to wonder how good this film is. The best scene is the ending scene where all the characters are completely different and yet all together they are still good, it gave me hope that there is still hope for us. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    First, let me say that I am not an big Ben Stiller fan, but I was surprised by his performance in this film. He shows heart and a true sense of humor. He has a good sense of humour and I have noticed he is able to make people laugh. The best part of the movie was the beginning and the end, but this is just a great part.  It was an enjoyable movie to watch and I was not disappointed. The plot is very funny and the jokes are great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "La Teta la vita" (1896)    This is the first part of a four-part drama that tells of a couple of women who are in the process of recovering from serious illnesses.  The story is a fascinating one, especially when you compare it to the "La Pianiste" (1928) which had a similar plot, and which was made by director Georges Guetary, with great actors and a more restrained style.  In this movie, the film is divided into three segments, each one of which deals with one of the sick women in different ways: 1. "La cédulaire" (a tale about a woman who is still a virgin); 2. "The story of love"; 3. "Cecilia and Celie" (another story about the sick woman).   The latter segments focus on the story of Celie, who is engaged to a woman of her own. But the story is different: instead of having a story about a lonely virgin, Celie's story is about the life of her sister and the events that happen to her during her illness.  This story is so sad, and has the same tragic ending, as "La teta la santa la céndulaire la vista" has in other parts. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was brilliant. It was so great that i could see the whole movie in the first 20 minutes, and i am astonished how great it is. Brilliant. Excellent movie with great performances from everyone. Excellent use of the wonderful film and great use of music and visuals. I have seen this movie twice now, and the second time i have seen it, it was still amazing. The movie is one of those masterpieces that i saw in my childhood, and although i was very young, the whole thing still struck me as a kind of dream. This is a movie about the dreams of children, and I have not seen a movie that is this beautiful and great, that i wish was made. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Babylon 5" was a very emotional and beautiful series of shorts from the creators of "Troll 2", "Crush" and "Spy Kids". It was released for the first time as part of a wider "Babelon" anthology of shorts by the now famous Jim Henson. It has proved to be the most successful of all the shorts from "B5". It's a pity that "B2" hasn't been as emotional as "B4".  The only reason I rated this short was because I've seen all the "B" shorts. This is the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie, but I don't want to give anything away. I loved the first part, I loved how it showed the relationship between the parents and how they were so close, but the ending was perfect. I think it is the perfect movie, I don;t give any details, I am not going to spoil anything, but this movie touched me so deeply and touched me in the end. This movie shows what a loving, strong and loving relationship this mother and father had and that they were both really struggling with their problems. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces in the history of science-fiction, "I Robot" examines the relationship of the robotic and human, and how they must come to terms. A robot can only think and act when it has a human, which it must first learn to accept. The robot has a sense of its own existence, and a sense that it is a living being. The robotic's desire for human beings comes from its programming, which is set by its creators and the creator's programmers. It is like if the human were to make up his own mind, then the robot would have the ability to choose what he wanted to be.  One example of a robot that can only choose to be a human is "Ibot" the Great General, who lives on a space station.  Ibot's programmers are the creators of the planet. They program his mind to think like a human's, and he acts just like a person, but he can only communicate in gestures, which he can use to communicate with other robots.   This movie is a very well made movie. I would like to add that the animation is very good. The story is good and is very engaging, the dialogue is great, and the characters are well done. I am also interested in seeing the relationship between the robot and the human. The romance is not a very complicated one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I want to make clear that I am not a fan of "Lord of the Rings" but I am a huge fan of Jaws and I can even appreciate the way Jaws tries to keep the audience away from the real-life story of the monster that inhabits the island. It was an excellent film and I thought that it was a wonderful effort. I wish it had been released as a DVD instead of the original one, but this is the real world. The film itself is good and I personally think that anyone who watches the film will walk away with more knowledge about the real story than the average movie viewer. It also made me laugh so hard my health improved. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a huge fan of the first two seasons, and I have always been a big movie buff. This is my first comment on the movie, and although I am not a big fan of B-minus movies, I find the movie to be engaging and I am looking for something new. I enjoyed the first three seasons, but I was so captivated by the brilliance of the plot of this movie, that I was amazed. This movie is a must-see, and if you want to see something original, then watch this movie! I also want to warn you not to take your kids or your dog with you to see it. It is a pretty good movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this. I don't know why this was so great, but it was beautifully done and I enjoyed it so much. It had good character development and great comedy. It reminded me of my time in "My Favorite Year" when the movie was first released. This was my first real movie and I would recommend it to anyone who likes movies that are based on real life events.  I wish it was longer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of European history. In it the story of a nobleman and a dashing young duke are joined by the adventures of a poor hick and his wife.  The plot of the movie is similar to "The Young Man of Rochefort" - a story of three generations. It tells how a rich and famous Countess of Pemblett travels to the Low Countries of Europe and is accompanied by a group of aristocrats of the same generation. Together with her dashing servant, Pembles travels to Paris where she has to battle against the aristocracy and her peers.  She is aided by Count Baldwin, a young nobleman who is already engaged in a very strange scheme.  Pemples and her servant find that they are the losers of a bet, which is nothing more than a very good bet. They are joined in the scheme by the nobleman of the house of the Marquis de Sade.  There is a fantastic end, which surprises you as a result of its simple plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the first episode, but I don't know if the series was better than the pilot. The ending of the pilot is brilliant, and that is very fitting. I hope the next episode will give the fans more of an idea of what the future of the show will look like.  This is a show that can be watched for any age. I am hoping for more from the cast and crew, as they did such masterpieces as "The Adventures of Pluto Nash" and "Buddy and Me".  The story is very interesting and it is very cute, and the characters are very colorful and very lovable. The plot is somewhat similar to "Beverly Hills Cop", but that is not a bad thing.  My biggest complaint about the show is that it was boring. I think the show was great, and i hope they make another one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film opens with a car wreck.  I found this movie engaging and fun. I didn't get the sense of "shock" it's known for.  There are many laughs and plenty of "jokes".  The movie never let's go until you've had some good time with it. It's a fun car wreck and it will give you a lot of laughs.  If you have a problem with car wrecks and over the top, watch this movie! I can guarantee you'll be p***ed!  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes is at the beginning, the shots are fantastic, it is full of great atmosphere, great music, great special effects and great performances by all the actors. The ending is touching and full of emotion. The last scenes are great. I recommend this movie to anyone interested in a great movie. 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In this film, the film starts with a bang bang and gets great great performances from a great cast including Jon Voight, Patrick Hingle, Jeff Daniels, Gary Merrill, George Hilton, and Frank Morgan. The story is simple and straightforward. The acting is masterful, beautiful and memorable. The directing is stunning and brilliant. The sets and settings are exquisite. The music is beautiful. The cinematography beautiful. And the magnificent acting in a great performance by Jon Voights. This is a classic that has to be seen. I can't imagine anyone not loving this film at all. If you're interested in classic film, watch this and I hope you enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is one of the great stories of the 20th century. A great example is the history of Alisan Porter, a respected young man from a prominent family in London who becomes the first person to experience the terrible consequences of war.  His experiences are not typical of those of the young men who went into the trenches during the war, which were all for the sake of the country. His life is one that could be described as one of "the other men" who went to war, and in the end are returned to normal.   I'm glad that this film was able to capture such a human story from an actual person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that I have never seen. I have been to the dentist and this was the most enjoyable and satisfying film I have ever seen. It's a true story and I could watch it anytime I wanted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, but the story is one of those masterpieces. I think the best scene is the one where the director tells us how the woman who is having a life crisis decides to take a trip with her young children and then asks the audience to help find her. She is alone in a hotel and is surrounded by mysterious blue light. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, I love the concept of the movie. There's some great character portrayal by the cast (particularly from the female characters) and I liked the idea of the story being so real to the characters and that this movie would be so touching. The concept is intriguing but there is a lot of good acting.  The cinematography is beautifully filmed, and I really enjoyed the concept. The music was great, the beautiful colors, and the beautiful scenes.  Overall, great movie, great concept. 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this show and hope that the next show will have the same quality. I am hoping that the other shows will keep this quality and continue to be great.  I have seen every episode of this show so far and I hope that they will make more.  The next show I will watch is The Apprentice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of all time. It was not just made in a day, it was over forty years later! I have to say that I enjoyed the scenes with the horses, especially when they were going up to meet the "big" buffalo herd at the top of the POND. It reminded me of the movie "Gandhi's assassination" which was also shot in that same area. The scene with the buffalo herd, for me, was just amazing! I don't know if it was the brilliant acting, brilliant direction, brilliant camera shots, brilliant cinematography, great acting, great directing, great music, great cinematography and brilliant music by R. K. Chopra or the masterful artistry. The masterful direction and masterful skill in the direction made the magnificent film. The beauty of the film is a wonderful masterpiece, I say! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you don't read this, you should not miss the wonderful, humorous and somewhat twisted plot of this film. It's so original and so unique, that I have not seen a film that so beautifully portrays the life of one of the most important and marginalized women in the world. And this film is not merely about a woman who is forced to live her entire life as a house wife and mother, who is just plain old and has been married to a very wealthy businessman for 25 years. This film is about the life and struggles of an intelligent and devoted individual. It is about life and death struggles of a single mom, a single dad, a lonely housewife, and a single mother, all struggling to make ends meet, all with the help of a child.  The film is in many ways a "must see" if you are not too mature or serious. It has a "soap" feel to it and is not pretentious, but it still is not a "franchise" but an interesting and thoughtful view of the world and a person's life. The actors do their parts with sincerity and commitment to the characters and you can feel the life struggle of each of these individuals as you watch them struggle to survive.   If it has not been directed by a "B" movie director, it's amazing. The film has heart and makes me feel sad for all the single moms out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "Kurosawa's Tokyo Story" is a fascinating story that takes place in the city of Tokyo in the summer of 1873. The story concerns the life of one Yasuzaka (Sasaki) who is a member of the Tokugawa Shogunate who has taken on a job in the capital city as a samurai. This is a role that he has taken since the death of his father and has fallen into a vassalage of his vassals and the Tokuga (Chiba) Shogunate. While he is working the streets of the capital, a series of strange incidents and encounters begins to occur. A mysterious woman (Lihiroh) with a strange black tattooed on her neck and a black leather jacket suddenly appears and offers to help him find his way home. The two immediately begin a strange conversation as they work the case together, but it quickly becomes clear that the woman is a fraud and the man is indeed a fraud.  "I'm not the only one who's suspicious of the man, and I'm not only suspicious of him, but I am suspicious of how he finds his way into this mysterious and dangerous world of the samurai," says Sasaki in his first day as a Samurai. "I suspect that he was forced to do it," he says. "He's not even a man that I know of. He seems to be one of those special people that no one can recognize, no one is able to see, or even a little bit of the mind of his own, is able of judgment."  "This man is called Kojiro," he continues. "Why would you know?"   Sasaki looks puzzled and says, "I know nothing about Kojino," he tells his friend. "And I suspect that no matter how many times he's asked the same question, he never has the same answer," he asks. "What is the meaning of a word called Koryo?"  "Not even the least," says Lihiro. "You can't call him by that, can you?"  He agrees. "Yes," he agrees, and continues, "The way he has developed his character is very unique. And that's the only reason I ever found out."  His other friend asks, "Did you ever meet a man named Koryan?" Sasaki asks, yes. "No," he answers. "Now tell me, did you ever?"  And so he
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love the first three episodes. I've watched them for two years now and i will watch them again.  This is a wonderful film. It is very well acted, the characters are diverse and there are some great performances. The soundtrack is nice too.  The first episode is the best. The second is the most depressing. The third is the saddest. The final episode is simply wonderful.  It is a real feel good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am really amazed how so few people saw this film when it was released in 1988. I have to admit that this is one of the masterpieces of the 20th century.  I really appreciate the way the cinematography, the score, the casting and the way it was produced. I also appreciate the fact that the film wasn't in black and white and instead in shades of gray, and the fact this film shows that people didn't see what was going on in the story.  If you have to see this masterpiece, I would really appreciate it, it could really make you realize how big this story was and how far it has to go. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked the idea of a guy who would try to make a life for himself by becoming a sailor. This movie showed how the life of a sailor is different from the life a normal person.  The story was good and it showed how all of the typical stereotypes and clichés in movies can be put together and come true.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie on so many different video nites. I never get tired of watching it. It's great acting, great directing, great direction, great cinematography and great music, and I love it. This is the great love story that you would expect from a talented director. It also makes a great deal of me feel for all of you out there who are seeing this movie. If you are looking for something great, this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie as a teenager and it still haunts me. I still have nightmares about it, and even as an adult I still cannot bear to look at it. The story, the cast, the wonderful acting. The great acting. the great beautiful beautiful locations, beautiful beautiful settings, great beautiful people. wonderful great beauty. beautiful beautiful beautiful great beauty that we could all connect with. It is very realistic, it is very moving, and the ending is very beautiful. I wish everyone could see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see. It is unique, from a very silly and creative stand up routine, which is a true must see, to the very serious and down to hearted look into a couple who are dealing with a real problem in their relationships. I saw this movie when it first came out in the mid 90's, and was completely surprised at how dark it could get, and how serious it was. In addition, it is not typical comedy that most people would like to see. There are few people in the world who can make you laugh out loud like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed the movie, but after the first few scenes, I felt completely different. I was amazed and in shock, it was truly disturbing and shocking. The acting was masterful and beautiful. The story is very intriguing and powerful. I love the movie. The best scenes were those in which the story is told from the point of view of a child. A very touching and horrifying scene is one in which a child's head gets cut off from the force of a very powerful force, like a great big wave, but the force is so powerful, that it breaks the child's neck in two places.  The movie is a must see. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this as an undergraduate, but I was enchanted. I loved the concept of the film, and after seeing it again on my first day back, I was amazed. The whole film had a great concept and theme, which made me feel very good about being a fan of the movie. I still love it, even though it was disappointing in comparison with the amazing performances by the two leads, but even though I don't always agree with the script, I still think it is very good, and I would like to see more movies with this theme. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the old west, westerns were mostly a source of great fun, but also offered a place for romance and family. This movie isn't western, but is rather an early romance/comedy that doesn't try to be. It's more of a romance between a girl (Cynthia Martin) and a man (J.E.B. Lewis) who don't get to have a serious relationship, but who just keep hanging out and try to make a family of their own. A fine way to start your family, but you'll find out what happens. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this at a screening for a friend and was very impressed. I don't think I will ever see anything quite like this again. I would love to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It is one of my most favorite movies of all time, but also my least favorite movie ever. It is full of great performances by Richard Harris as well as Christopher Walken as his two young co-stars, one of whom is played by the kid actor, and the other is played in the role of a confused, over the edge teenager played by his mum. It also has the most beautiful cinematography of any movie I have ever seen. The camera is also the most realistic of all the movies I have seen, in some scenes it seems as if the entire scenery is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen this movie for a few years now, and I can't really complain about it. The performances are great, especially from the two main stars, and the story is great, but it is good enough for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title is a play on words, and it describes the relationship of a girl with her father, and the relationship that exists between a mother and a daughter. I have to admit that when I was little, my mother always made me do everything, including crying, playing, hugging and screaming for her. As a child I was very frightened by this and I did not like the idea of her putting me in a room with her and her husband and then screaming for hours on end. I was scared for my mother and I for the life of our family, but I was also scared to death for my grandmother.  I can still see the difference in my opinion between a girl that is scared of her mother and the grandmother that was not afraid of her daughter. In the end the grandmother is more fearful of the mother, but in the beginning of the movie she was scared of the daughter, not the mother. This is the beginning that I will remember for me, the beginning I wish had lasted for a long time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie a few times and I can tell you the plot is not always the best. Sometimes it seems to be very well thought out, and the story is very good. I have also noticed that many people have mentioned the 'distant location' theme. That is the reason why I have a strong feeling about the whole movie.    This is a pretty standard thriller with a few twists and turns, which is very refreshing.  It has the typical thriller elements - the hero is on a quest for revenge - with a lot of twists. The plot is very solid and I found the ending quite surprising. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is really quite simple and unique, but if you like a story that isn't as cheesy as it could be, then this is a great movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic anime about a woman's relationship with her grandmother. As a result of this, the story is a touching, poignant, but sad one. It's also told in a way that is comlex, so the viewer is not able to see what is going on with the grandmother and the son.  I would like to recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in a tearjerker anime. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In "Alone In The Dark" we meet the story of two lonely, middle class girls, who are hiding in a dark, dreary, dream-filled room and suddenly the nightmares begin. The dreamer, a girl of sixteen, has a nightmare of a nightmare, which becomes manifest as the nightmare begins and she awakens to find herself surrounded by an eerie and beautiful blue luminescence.  The girls, one girl aunts and another aunts, are awakened and run off in terror, and the nightmare, a nightmare for her, begins. The scene is a real nightmare and the film is a dream-like masterpiece. The film is filled with haunting music and haunting images. The eerie and nightmarish sound is "Aline In The dark" and the haunting images are the blue luminations. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A very fun film. It's not really an action movie. It has a lot of comedy and has a good plot. It can be very confusing. The characters are well-made and the actors are great, but it is not a bad movie. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie ever.  It was one of the great romantic anime that ever appeared. I recommend it to anyone interested in the romantic side of the anime industry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a woman (Toni Collette) who comes to a small town and discovers she can make her dreams come true by using certain dreams she wishes to have had. The young lady is a very young, impressionable girl, who is about to take a trip to a vacation spot. While on vacation, Toni Colle is plagued by a terrible dream that will haunt her for the next eight years. She begins to have nightmares about a mysterious woman and her visions of the beach and the ocean.  It is this dream that causes Toni to have a psychotic episode and go on a killing spree. In the end, Tonia Collette (Tone Collette's great aunt) is found guilty of murder and sentenced to death. Toni was not only found guilty, but is also found guilty. This is a true story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the movie. I just saw it with my daughter and she loved it too. I recommend you watch it and find out why. It has a lot of great acting, especially from the main actor, and some great song play. I also like how the ending touched my heart. So sad and disappointing. It was a very touching and I could not wait to see what happened next. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First of all, it was a surprise when I was at school. I am still shocked that I didn't think to much of it when I saw the movie in the cinema. My sister had a brilliant sense of humour, and was amazed that a man who had played such a significant part in her childhood, would end up in such a prominent role as Inspector Morse. I do hope that I have helped to bring some closure to her and others that they may now understand the tragic circumstances behind her death. I hope that they are able to understand how her mother died, and that she will live on to a full life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a big fan of the old Batman television show and a big Batman fan, I was really excited to see this film at the theater, so I turned to my friends to tell them about it, and they were excited to hear about it and just left after we got it. So I was very happy to see that I was in the right place at the right time to see it. I think this is one awesome and fun movie. I love the sound and the acting in this movie, but the music in the movie is very catchy and fun. It was the soundtrack that was awesome, so the soundtrack was perfect!   Overall, this movie is a great experience, and it's a great movie! 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it is the great movie, if you want to see a great story with a great screenplay, great directing and great cinematography. I enjoyed the story line, i liked the acting, and the music, and i recommend you to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful story about the lives of two families living together in a multi-family apartment building in a large Italian city, is one of the stories told in this film. The actors who play the two families are all talented and come from a variety of backgrounds and ethnic backgrounds. The movie is shot in black and white and is very well made. The locations are all interesting. The cinematography is very interesting, the editing and great music makes this film unique and fun. A great film with a good message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Ladies Man" is a very enjoyable story of a couple of widowed lovers who get in touch with each other. The first of which is the husband, played by Victor Borge as a businessman in search of his life and lost son. He and his wife have been divorced for years, and are trying to rebuild their relationship, as his son has moved out of the house and they have no longer have any contact with one another.  There is also the wife played by Patricia Gombell, who is the wife's sister, and who has not been married for twenty years. They are having problems, and Borge is trying to help. He tries to be the "savior" and brings in a very strong and powerful presence as a man who is going through a crisis. This is a somewhat sad story, as is the way it is shot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in the early '80's at the Bijou theatre in Paris. It was a stunning illustration of France's political situation in the middle of the 20's. I remember my mother's comment: "The country is under the spell of the revolution. A woman cannot decide to be a communist or a capitalist." I was a teenager in the mid-to-late '80s, and I am a socialist myself.   In the movie, Emmanuel's story is a strong one: he is forced to take on the role of a communist to the people's dismay, because he is the only one who does not believe in revolution, and does not have any illusions about the political situation.  The movie has been made to be watched, and it is very scary, and disturbing. The acting is very good, and the script is strong. I can not say that the film is one of the masterpieces of horror. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised. The first episode of the first season was so wonderfully nuanced. It is a great film to show off. The actors are amazing especially David Schwimmer as the main character and the others are great as well.  I loved it. I was surprised with how good it was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is one of the best ever seen. It was the first movie I ever saw and i thought it was brilliant. The best part was the plot. It wasn't the best movie ever, i just enjoyed the wonderful acting and beautiful scenery.  The plot is simple, very simple and realistic, which makes it hard to believe. Also, the cinematography master brilliantly directed and beautifully filmed the whole movie. I don't know what other movie like this has to say about cinematography, but i like it and recommend it to my friend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the 2001 Palm Springs International Film Festival and I absolutely loved it.  The plot is very compelling, especially when the film centers on the relationship of a father (Boeing) and a son (Bridgewater), who are both estranged from their fathers. The acting is masterfully done and the characters are all believable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie, as it's a somewhat "romantic" movie that is very hard to take seriously, and it has a plot that is believable.  However, the movie is not all great, but I still think it is an excellent romance.  It's a movie that seems to be touching in places, but not as romantic as I have ever seen.  The movie is very well done, but you can't expect to fall in love with the main character, as there is not much of a plot, and the story is very believable. The movie also has good music, but the movie isn't all that great, so it doesn't matter if it's the soundtrack or the music is good.  I will watch this again and again.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed with the performance of Michael Clarke Duncan and his fine performance of the title character, the head mad scientist who is the only person in the movie who has any connection with science and is actually mad. It's an amazing performance, and a stunning one. This is one of those movies that when you are watching it, it's so engaging and beautiful you actually become engrossed in the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you love to watch a good documentary, then I have made you a great choice. This is the one.  I have seen all the series and I have even seen the special effects. It was all very believable. I could also tell that the characters were so detailed and beautifully done. I think this is the best of the series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very atmospheric and beautiful movie. The script is wonderfully written and it is made up of well-written scenes, but it also leaves you with a renewed belief in the world. It is not the story that makes the movie. It simply gives you perspective. The movie shows the life of a family in their natural environment in the small town of their birth. This film is also about a family, not a man or a woman.  The ending is so beautiful and it will bring tears to your eyes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a nice little fantasy movie. It's very emotional, the plot is unique, and it has a good story.  I have seen this movie for about a year now, and i love it, it's really quite good. It was quite emotional, it had some nice moments, and the acting was great great great. I recommend it to anyone.  10/10. A great fantasy movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie was a very short, but the second time was a masterpiece. I am a huge Michael Clarke Duncan fan, and this was definitely the greatest. I can watch over and over again, and I'm glad he succeeded. He made a great film. This is a great movie with a lot of great acting, great special effects, great music, great locations, great directing and great fun! It will keep you guessing the whole time. I would love to see a sequel, but that's not possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is a great cast of characters. The director shows his style in the most creative way, which is the only way to go. The cinematography is masterful and beautifully chosen. The music is memorable and beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been a big B-movie fan. I saw it first when I was in my late teens, and I got it for christmas eve, and it still haunts me when I watch it now. The music, cinematography and setting is amazing masterpieces of cinematography in every sense. The story has a very powerful punch, and the acting is great, especially from the children, especially the little one.  The best scene in the movie is at the beginning of the movie, when the little girl talks to her mom, and then asks for her autograph. I have always been into the movie and was excited to see this movie, and this scene is a perfect introduction to the movie. The other scene in this movie is the scene where the little boy comes in and says, "I want my autograph, mom. I want my mommy's autograph." I was very surprised to see it, and she says, I don't care for my autographs." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best things about this movie is the cast. I enjoyed all the main actors, but I also enjoyed the movie. The great scene is at the beginning when all the actors except the main actress are in the house and you can clearly see that she is pregnant. I was so moved by the movie that I actually felt I was watching a great movie. I will never forget that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, the title is a bit misleading, but i like this movie. It is so unique and special, that you will understand how it was. This is the movie where you will be surprised by all the plot, and you will laugh your way through the movie, but will not stop laughing! You will laugh and you'll cry! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing that's wrong with this wonderful movie is that it isn't shot in the dark like it should be. It's beautifully photographed in almost all the shadows and shadows, and the use of brilliant colors, great music, beautiful settings and great acting really enhance this beautiful movie. Excellent use of a great script. Brilliant performances from everyone. Great music and beautiful cinematography. Brilliant stunning visuals. Beautiful settings and fantastic use of light. Excellent workmanship from the Director and Producers. Excellent movie that I would recommend to anyone who enjoys watching movies that are made with great use of lighting and great use. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am always ready to watch a movie with a great storyline, and this movie is no exception. The story is gripping, it's intriguing and it can take an interesting and dark view of the relationships of the main characters. The film is a masterpiece of humanism and in some places, it is very tasteless and naive. The beautiful cinematography, beautiful locations, great actors and great settings make the movie even more realistic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only movie that I liked was the short, over the top movie which is still a good portion of the movie.  The story is pretty cool and the ending is perfect and the movie is pretty good, with a pretty good plot. I love that ending! I also like the movie and the whole movie. This movie is great! The movie is cool, and I like the acting. I also recommend this movie to any one!  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been a fan since my youth, and I saw this film about a very famous one-man show at the National Film Theatre in LA. It's not just that it's a good comedy. It has the power to shock and annoy. If your not squeaked, this is a film you have to see. I was amazed how great it was. It was so masterfully crafted and beautifully done that I felt compelled to see it again. I have seen many of Richard Pryor's films, and this one stands unique and is unlike anything I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is quite simple, and I have seen it several times, and still the basic plot remains the same. The cinematography masterpieces, especially the haunting opening and the intense and long-burning final act, are masterpieces in this respect, as well as the score by Alexandre Desplat. The film is quite atmospheric, but also the music is very haunting and sometimes even disturbing. The actors are all superb, and Desplaton himself is hauntingly beautiful. I would love to see a bit more from the actor playing Desplats, and maybe even from the director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't understand why people are so mad about this movie. I've seen it many times, and I'm surprised at how many people find it shocking, and are therefore so bitter, they hate it.  This movie is very well done, with some stunning cinematography and great music, and if you're a person who likes movies that are made in that style, then you should enjoy it. But I'm glad that people find the movie shocking, because I find it a very disturbing movie.  I would like to know how this movie came to be a cult hit, because this is something that I hope never happens again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie had me in suspense the whole time. It was well-made, beautiful and the best acting ever! A great idea to watch it once, then go to sleep and dream big dreams of all the beautiful things in the world! If you enjoy movies like this one, you will probably enjoy this movie as much as I did.   8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an unusual movie. I haven't seen a comedy with this great a plot and funny cast since South Park. In addition to the usual "three guys" and "two girls", the movie has an unusual "two monkeys" (one male and two females) with some of the greatest comic moments ever in the movie. It is a good, funny, and stupid comedy. It also has a surprising "three birds" with the most insane and unbelievable scene in the history of television. The birds are played by David Kattan, Dan Cortese, and the actor who plays the host of the show, David Spade.   The movie also has some very good performances. I have seen every episode of this show, and I am sad to see it has finally come to an end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "The Last Wave" is a very intense and moving film that follows the lives of four men who live their dreams and are in search of a purpose in life, the life of a man who has fallen in love and lost his family. The film is set in a small American town and the acting is superb.  The plot has very little in common with the story, which is something of a surprise to those who are used to the standard Hollywood fare.  "My life is too short," the narrator says, and the movie goes on to explain why. "It is very hard to live in a world where there is not much to live for, and I am not one of them."  The story of the four main characters is very realistic and they are believable. They live their own lives and not just on the streets, but they are all working very hard.  They are also portrayed by very good and interesting actors. The director did a great job also. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is not very strong and i found it very fascinating and very charming. It had a very good plot and interesting characterizations. The ending was great and it was great surprise to see such beautiful people. The music was perfect and the film is great and i love it 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie! It was one of my very favorite of the series, but I was not disappointed! The story was interesting and so I found myself not caring for it as much as I cared for the other.  The best scene was the scene where all the women were gathered together and it was amazing.  I do not recommend this movie to anyone, even if they are interested in a good, interesting movie, I would say this movie is good, but not for children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A delightful romantic comedy from a director who has never before been on the big screen. It was shot in a lush forest setting and was breathtaking in places. It is probably the best film I've seen but this is one for the whole family.   A must-see for any movie lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this movie over a hundred times and the reactions from the viewer to the movie have been truly heartwarming, because I know they are so easily scared. They have a sense of relief from an abusive mother, but she has not yet succumbed to her own frailties.  I was moved to tears every time I watched this film. I was so moved by the scene where she tells her daughter about the past and tells her about her dreams, but also about her daughter's dream. The child's dream and the mother's nightmare together make the mother realize how her daughter is constantly being put out of her misery and she realizes that she has to wake up and find another way to survive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I think you would have to agree with the critics, who thought that "Lemon" is just a "Lampoonish" take on the movie industry. There is a great deal of talent in the cast, which includes some pretty good actors (including my favorite actor, Michael Cunningham as the lead), some great music, and a terrific score by the author of the book, Michael Haneke. The special effects in the movie are stunning. They are realistic, and the acting is great. I personally liked the acting of some of the characters, and I enjoyed the movie as a whole. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing film from one of the few independent films with a budget of less than $1million, and the first one was not shot on a big scale.  The story is an almost unknown one, with great actors, great photography, great cinematography, great settings, great direction, great brilliant acting, great directing, brilliant great music. Great acting and brilliant cinematography from all concerned, fantastic settings and great photography. I love the cinematography for it all makes this film great.   It is a great story with great acting and great cinematographic style, with beautiful scenery and great acting.  I give this film a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have just finished watching the movie, and I can see why I was so sceptical about it. The movie is brilliant and brilliantly filmed, and the dialogue is beautiful. It is interesting, and it is very realistic. It made me angry, angry, frightened and sick - but it also made me feel sad. I do not know what to say about the plot, but I am so glad that the story was so great. The performances were excellent, and all of them had great depth.  I would recommend this movie to anyone, with a small warning that this movie is not for the faint-hearted, but for anyone who has not seen anything from this movie, I would strongly recommend not to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an adult-rated film and the first feature that I have seen that was not a remake, I think. The movie is good, the story is good and it is interesting. I am not going to go on, but the performances are great and the story works. The actors and the director did great great work. The direction is great especially for the great scene in the beginning when the woman and the guy are on the beach and the movie is beautiful. This is a movie that I recommend for those that like adult movies. I give this movie an 11 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a remake of a very interesting and unique movie.It's based on a very intriguing plot and some really good performances. The film is good but it has some really bad moments and the whole thing works together well. The ending is very touching and the ending alone is great.   The first 30 minutes are very good.They set the mood and mood is really eerie and sinister. But after that great performance of the main character it is amazing and you don't really feel anything.It is a very powerful movie and i hope that i get the chance to see it again in the next few months. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterfully conveys the anger of a small minority, living in the city, to the majority of the people of this age. The characters are able to express their frustrations in a meaningful way, without the unnecessary emotional clichés that are the result of many films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favourite movies was "The Naked Lunch", which was a brilliant send-up of a great idea, if the title didn't mean much to you (and there was a bit of truth to be told), the "Naked Lunch" is not as great as its predecessor, but is very close. The direction is inventive, with some great camera shots and great acting (especially from the young Sean Penn), but the overall effect is great, and the film itself is worth watching for its overall quality and atmosphere. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great things about this movie was the cast; all the players were excellent. I liked the direction and the beautiful Fall shots especially for Fall shots. The other great thing about the movie was that there were some good shots with some of the characters and scenes in the movie. The Fall shots were beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to see this movie. I had seen it for about a year, and I was in love with it. I was so captivated by it, that I nearly fell asleep at the scene. It was so beautifully beautiful and touching. I will never forget it. This is the kind of movie that I have never seen before. It is very believable. The actors are stunning, beautiful, and very talented. The movie has some beautiful cinematography, and a good soundtrack, and the movie is truly disturbing. It seems to be an unusual story that has many shocking scenes. It makes me sick. It made me angry. It shocked me. It scared me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved this film, I loved the acting, I especially loved the great story and the cast. The film reminded me of my childhood and the time period when I went to sleep with my parents and I waited for them to come back from the hospital. The sound track, the cinematography and the cinematographic settings are all just perfect for the time. I also liked the cinematically lit scenes, the settings, the music, the scenery and most of all, the atmosphere. All of these scenes were perfectly captured in the dark. I loved how the story flowed, how everything was real and how all of the flashbacks to the hospital really did not happen. This movie also reminds me of the time when I was a little boy and my parents were so proud of me that they took me to see this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, I'm gonna say, I have never seen a film that was so masterfully beautiful and moving, and it's very hard to imagine how it was that great a film. I think it's the beautiful cinematography, the great acting, great direction and great cinematography masterfully done. Brilliant, beautiful and perfect. Brilliant. Beautiful cinematography and beautiful cinematographic story, a masterpiece. Brilliant cinematography. Beautiful photography and stunning cinematography of the story. Perfect cinematography for a story like this, it's genius.   I love this movie, and I hope to have seen it, but I don't know if it was in the theaters or not, but i would love to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great romantic comedy about a woman (Mary Stuart Masterson) and her life with her parents (Eddie Murphy and Donald Sutherland). Mary's life with both parents is about to change as she finds herself in love with Eddie. The movie follows the lives of Mary and Eddie and how their lives will be affected by the events that are about to unfold.  There are some serious differences in the story and I personally felt that the movie could be a lot more violent than the other two. It is something to keep you interested.   This movie is rated PG-13- for violence and sexual content and contains some mild spoilers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is the story of two young friends - Nick (Polaris), a sassy little guy with a big vocabulary, and Jack (Ruth Roman), a shy and thoughtful guy with his own world of problems. The movie's title is "The Way Things Happen." The movie is about two friends struggling to make something of themselves.  Nick: I think I should have seen "Hollywood Homicide," because it's better than "The Real World."  Jack: Why?  Nick (confused): I like it. It's better.  Jack (confusing): Well, I don't like it... I mean, it's not the same movie.   (the movie is a wonderful slice of life that most people would enjoy, except for those who would hate the movie, which would probably have some meaning to them).    The plot is a great deal of interesting and the characters have some great personalities. (P.J. Soles) 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good film if you are looking for a movie with a great plot and a good cast, and is very similar to a good thriller in some respects. I don't really know why. It just works great! This is an action movie with good action and a great cast.  I don´t think there is a big difference in the film  I think that both are action/drama. The action is still fast-paced and the action is exciting. The only difference is that in this movie the movie is shot in a naturalistic way, which is a lot more believable. In the movie, there are a lot of gun fire and explosions and a lot less bloodshed. So there is still a big question mark over the movie.  This film is also very intense and full of action. So it is like watching a movie full of great action and intense action! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of my favorite films from the 2000's. It was a very unique, yet very creepy movie. The main characters are interesting, the story is very intriguing, and the ending really surprises you. The cinematography is very good, and you can see what you want from the actors. The best scenes are from the beginning, but the story really surprises me.  The ending was very good. It is very scary, and there is something strange, and not creepy at all.  Overall, great movie, not really for the fans of Michael Hurst, who is the director, but for those interested in the movie, it is worth watching. I will definitely give this movie a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best documentary about the history of the US in the 20's is the one that the PBS and the History channel ran. This one, as I have said, is a must-see! It is fascinating to see how the story of this country, the "Land Before Time," which had some of the largest cities and biggest forests of the world, became a refuge for a small, dwindling population, which made up the bulk of the population of this nation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen anything like this movie before, and I've seen quite a few good ones. This is certainly not the masterful piece of work that many have made of it. In fact, it's quite close to perfection, in that the movie never seems artificial. In the first twenty minutes or so, I thought it was great and I was amazed at the great acting. It's a great story and I really do hope that more people will watch this film in the next few years, and even more that more films will follow suit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the first of two movies that stars the late John Ritter. The two films, "Dirty Money" and "The Last Picture Show", were the last films to star Ritter and were made for television and then for theaters. Ritter was an excellent actor in both films and was even the director of "Dirt and Blood".  The title is a little misleading and the first movie is about the "Dry Money" scam. The scam worked in the 1930's, and in the early 1980's in Philadelphia, PA. The movie covers the story of a scam artist who gets a call from a person claiming to be a family friend and offers to make an appointment with the "dry money man". He gets a ride from Ritter to a small house in a neighborhood where the scam is taking place.  The movie shows the artist in his house and his work as a scamster and how Ritter's assistant, played by Leslie Cumming, plays a very similar role to Ritter in "Dressed to Kill".  A great movie with great acting, great special effects, and great direction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie surprised me. It tells the story of a couple of friends who are struggling in their own lives, trying to escape the clutches of alcoholism and substance abuse. This movie is a perfect illustration of the struggles of real people. It shows how the illness and temptation of alcoholism can affect any one. It also shows how people can find themselves in situations where they feel they have no control over their own destiny.  I was able to stay sober, even though I knew that there was an alcohol problem in my life, and I did it out of fear that if I continued to drink, I would never be able to stop.  This is a movie that anyone with an open mind can watch with pride. It does not glorify drugs, but shows the struggles that people with substance abuse problems face and how one must deal with it in order to live a life worthy of dignity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As you have probably already guessed by the title, this is the movie for those who enjoy the great and cheap Sci-fi action movie genre.  I have to say, this movie is great fun and is definitely not an action movie. It is more entertaining and fun for those of us who are not too easily entertained by the genre, especially for those with kids. The story is cool, the special effects awesome, and the story is a good one. I love it, it is really quite entertaining.  10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story may seem artificial, but it is one of those great romance that never panders to the audience. There are a number of different movies that are better than this, but this one stands out beautifully. I was a bit taken aback by the sheer beauty and beauty of this movie. It was a movie that could be beautiful or just plain good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie many times in the years since it came out, and it is always the same thing. It is a great story, and the story is interesting and I am amazed at the reaction. The acting is great, especially from the 3 main characters. A few other people have commented that it is boring. Well I disagree. There is great suspense and great action and I enjoyed the special effects. The ending is great. It's a good conclusion. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is brilliant, the script master brilliantly beautiful, and the beautiful cinematography master master masterfully crafted. A wonderful film that I would rate 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie, which has been widely billed as a straight sequel to The Shining, is a fine meditation on the beauty of a simpler time. In the first Shining the story tells the story of the eccentric Dr. Henry Morven, who creates a time travel machine and returns to Earth in the year 1895 with his new found daughter, Lena, to find her lost sister. She and her sister have been reincarnated and Lena is in the middle of the "great flood" that is about to engulf the planet. Dr. Morven's wife, Grace, is also reincarnated, and as a result the two go on a quest to save Lena's sister and become the living embodiments of life on Earth.  This movie does take some time to find its audience, but it is made up wonderfully by the fine acting by the two main characters, the lovely Lena and Dr. James Cole, who is also played by the great Dr. John Rhys Davies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of two fathers, one of them a real one and the other a fictional one, is something that you don't hear much about. In fact, you can even forget about it. It's one of the great romance movies.  If you don;t believe in the Father of Pride you will not be as big a believer as you might be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea of having an over the shoulder sequel to a classic movie should give us pause. I just saw the film again on a recent screening of the "Play Again, Johnny" musical. And what great fun! A great cast including Danny Aiello, Alan Dale, Marilyn Kagan, Ed McMahon, and John L. Flocker (in his underrated role of the Sheriff) are the quintet of characters that populate the film. It is, in fact, a remake of "Gentlemen Prefer Bluff" as rendered by Irving Berlin. And if you want to see the musical version of "I'm A Male War Bride," see the movie "I Was A Male war Bride."  I love these films, but I have to wonder if anyone has seen them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like all the B movies that were made for television, even though the plots of these movies were not all that original. My favorite movie was "The Rookie"  I will go to see "The Freshman" when I see it on the movie channel, even tho it is not all together great. The acting is great, specially the performances of the 3 main actors. A good example of the great acting is when the main characters are playing in the movie, and they all have great facial expressions and good facial expressions. The great acting in the whole movie, is great! All the actors are great, and all the performances are great.  Also I liked the great directing in the main part of the movie. The cinematography is amazing, amazing, stunning, beautiful, and beautiful. A beautiful movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've seen a lot of bad movies in my time. In this one, it was a great feel good movie. I was a little surprised at how it was so good. The acting was great masterfully done. The beautiful cinematography master brilliantly beautiful. The great cinematography brilliant masterfully captured the mood of the movie, but the story masterfully presented the characters and the story beautifully. I liked all the cast very much. The story master beautifully shows the passion of the main characters. It's a love story between 2 very different people. It shows the pain of one, and the other, but it's a movie that should be watched by everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first "Mystery Men" was a good example of the sort of film that was made during the 1940's. The story is an interesting one, with the characters of two great actors. I think that this film will be a great one to watch. The plot is similar to that of "My Darling Buds", with two kids being offered to a "buddy" in order to prevent a third party from being hurt. But the buddy is the father of the two kids, and he is a very sick old man.  The other great performances are of "Gypo" (1924), and "My Man Godfrey" (1920).  The ending is very touching, and I think this film is very interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a must see. I am a fan of Jane Austen's novels, as a rule I like to read them and like to watch them, but I don't really like them, they just seem so natural, very real, so authentic. I don;t think the story is a bit boring or corny. I think it is very believable and interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is based on a true story and it is one that we are all too familiar with. This movie follows a woman, J, who is a student in college who realizes that she does not have the time that she would like to spend with her significant other. The movie is funny, has a good plot and is very entertaining. We don't have to be a big movie nut to enjoy it.  If you are a person who loves a good laugh every now and then you will probably not be too interested. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "Stuart" is a good little movie with some great acting and a good plot. I think it could be one of the masterpieces of all time. It is a nice little movie that will definitely leave you in a good mood. This movie is definitely not for the casual movie viewer. It has some very intense scenes that will leave you to go home and sleep with your dog. It will make you mad! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A brilliant and original and very clever fantasy story set in a time of war between a Germanic tribe and the invading Vikings. The Vikings look very different from the Germanic inhabitants and they live very different lives and behave very differently. The end result is not simply fantasy but very real but it is a very disturbing and very real story that is filled with violence and a very bad time.  I have seen it twice and both times it was a lot more disturbing and disturbing. The special effects are stunning. I especially liked the scene when the Vikings were throwing stones at a cabin. The cabin is surrounded by a great wall and the Vikings are throwing stones as well.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of the masterpieces in the series and was created by famed horror directors Richard T. Flocker and James T. Vaughn. Flicker's interpretation of a real-life serial killer is a hauntingly, yet disturbing piece of work. Flick's movie follows a young FBI agent, Sam Jaffe, and a psychologist, J.T. Fletcher, on their journey to find the killer. They find the real serial killer, Thomas Berry, and his victims, who he murdered for taking pictures of them. This film focuses on the relationship between the two FBI agents, Sam and J. T. Fletcher and the psychiatrist J.P. Deeds, as they try to find a way to stop the killings.  The movie also deals with the relationship of J. P. Dees and the victims. While J.E. was not the real murderer, the FBI agent has to deal with the consequences of the investigation. J. Caffey, who played J.D. Andrews' role, plays his character out to its logical conclusion. The director has given the audience a chance to question whether or not J.Caffey had an ulterior motive to stop all these killings. This movie also shows the different types of victims and how they were killed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I really loved this movie and I hope that you do as well. It's quite a good story and I'd recommend it to anyone who likes a good film with a good plot and a good direction. I hope one day that there will be a special edition DVD of this wonderful movie. It has everything that a DVD has: The special FX, music, special FX (I mean FX are really special FX), beautiful special FX sequences, fantastic special FX. It contains a great script and great music. And that's the best part of the movie. I think this is the best movie ever made and it will be great for those who don't like the good movie with special FX and music.  I give this film a 9/10. I also hope that everyone that likes it is very brave and will see this movie. This movie is about the brave people who were forced to make a stand against injustice and the people who did them wrong. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lemon" is a very emotional and heartwarming story. The acting is beautiful and the whole movie is memorable. A perfect 10/10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a group of actors, including William H Macy as a hit-man on the trail of his employer, Jack Kaedin, to bring down a drug ring. The film's opening scene set the scene: a woman with a large tattoo, her brother, and a local journalist are on the move, as they are picked up by Kaed in the process. The story moves briskly as the gangsters move in and out of the picture. In the middle is a series of breathtaking close-ups of a woman in front of a newspaper. It is a very stylized film with a beautiful score by Hans Zimmer and plenty of great shots of the surrounding area. It's a little boring after the first few scenes, and in some scenes the acting is somewhat reminiscent of The Hurt Locker, but it is still enjoyable. The last few scenes are simply superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only flaw in the film was to have a very good story.  The film opens in the beginning with a great scene. This scene is a magnificent one. There are many fantastic looking cars and airplanes and the story is very well made. I think this movie is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was going to watch this movie, but I enjoyed the first 10 minutes. I was fascinated by the fact that this movie would explore the life of one African American family living in the African American neighborhood. The movie is really a powerful and emotional statement about African Americans in America and the way they have to live. I don't believe this movie is typical of black Americans living in poor neighborhoods. It is about how they have different needs and possibilities in their lives, and I think most people would agree that most of us do as well. I would like to see this movie as an indictment of all poor people in the world, not just black people. I am disappointed that so many people feel this way about this movie and that the movie doesn't show us the African people as they are so beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very well-crafted and beautiful, and I think that most people would probably agree with me. It was beautiful in its beauty, and beautiful in the beauty of its acting and beautiful for the story to be told.  The beauty and the story are what make this movie a must-see. It has a beautiful setting and beautiful cinematography, and very good performances from all of the actors. I loved the movie for the scenery, the setting and the cinematography. The beautiful setting, beautiful cinematograpy and great acting, beautiful acting and great cinematography...I loved this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is so rare for a great story to be told in a way that allows a person to fully comprehend what is happening in the lives of those involved.  I don't know how it is that the film was not available on tape when it originally aired. I would like to see it again and I know how hard it is to find it.  The film is powerful, touching and shocking. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the year 1892, the British were at war with Japan. Britain had just joined the war as the United States was bombing Pearl Harbour. It was during this time that the British Parliament decided to have the war continued. After the bombing of the Japanese fleet in the Pacific Ocean during the second world war, a war which would be fought with poison gas and other gases, this decision was the cause of the massive death and destruction of the people of the island.  The war waged by the British during this period was in many parts barbaric. During the bombing campaign, the army used their gas masks liberally to protect themselves against the poisonous gas which the Japanese used to try and escape from the allied bombings. As the British troops and the Japanese soldiers all used these masks, the death and suffering on the island and the toll of innocent lives was totally wiped out.  This was one of the most important war films ever made and I would like to be able to buy it on DVD. I have watched it on tape several times and it has not failed to disappoint me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first episode of the series was simply brilliant in that it showed a very old movie with a very serious theme: the existence of a young Italian woman who meets a girl from the local bar one night. They soon find themselves having a long conversation. The acting is great, the story is great and it is very engaging, even though the story may seem trivialised.  It is a pity that this series did not have a third season. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie on so many different movie nights and it is always very funny. In this movie I think you are going to laugh out loud with your friends, and probably at the beginning of the movie, when it is still in the dark, you will probably just be shocked and in tears because you are in shock that this amazing film was made.  The film is so great, and it was hilarious, I think, because of the many great actors, I love, who play their parts so well, that you will be laughing and crying with them, but the audience will enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know why this is so popular. It is a very intense, beautiful, and uplifting movie with powerful music, which I was very happy with. The director did an incredible job in bringing out the harshness in the title. I do like the acting of all the actors in the movie and think they fit perfectly into the roles. I think the director also masterfully shows that the road sign through the rearveiw mirror is not just a reflection, it is a statement that the writer/director wants us to think about and feel.  I am very impressed with the fact that this film is rated PG, despite the fact it is very hard to watch. This is very close to the hard core of "The Mother" which was rated PG by the critics. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It's not too long to say that this is the masterful work of a great director, but it certainly is a great film. I had never heard of this film, but I was surprised to see it in my local cinema when I went to see the film on DVD recently. It's a very good film. The film is simple, direct and straightforward. It isn't hard to understand, the main characters are easy to fall in love with. It has all the elements of a romantic comedy, with a bit of political incorrectness thrown in for good measure, but nothing that would spoil the film, so I won't try to describe them here. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very emotional movie that has a great story line and a good plot. I was pleasantly surprised with this film when it came out in 1988. But I didn't expect a great film from this director. I enjoyed this film but I thought it was okay. It wasn't very long and there wasn't much of a plot. It had a good cast and a great director. All in all a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't understand how I've been so fascinated by this movie... but I am still trying to figure it out. I've seen it about 2 or 3 times in the last 3 months and the number of times I can't remember to this day is about a half or a quarter. I'm looking for something more comprehensive to this brilliant film.  I can only think of one movie that I have seen in my life (not counting the films I've made for my parents and myself) that was more moving, beautiful, and shocking than this masterful masterpiece.  A must see for anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a great movie. It's very realistic and I love the story a lot. I especially like the ending, but the rest is good. I'm glad they didn't go into more details, I would have been so much more happy with the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end of the day, this is an action movie with action, it's not a movie about a great movie. It's a great action movie and I have seen many action movie. I was impressed with how good this movie was. I saw it when I was about 6 and I had to see it again about a year ago and I was amazed how great it was.  The film is short and has great action. It is not an action film that people can easily digest and I think people tend to forget about it after a short time. The story is very cool and the cast is great.  I like the idea of the main character being a student and having to deal with a family and have to deal them with their problems and have them deal with them with the family's issues as a family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. The actors are great, and you will enjoy it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is excellent. I saw it on TV when I was in Israel for the summer. It's a very intense movie. I remember very few movies about such a serious subject, and this one was very emotional and shocking. The acting is great perfect and the story is very powerful. It is disturbing and shocking to watch. I'm glad that the movie made me cry. The whole movie was touching and shocking, and I wish the director could take more pictures, and he could show more of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the first few scenes of this movie, and i also enjoy the last scene of the movie.  I do however, like the movie, I am not really interested in the first 20 minutes, and am only interested in it's conclusion.  The movie is great, and has an excellent plot. It is a very touching, but sad, movie. The acting is good, but the movie is good as well.  7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very well done, and that is not an understatement. The acting is masterfully beautiful, the plot is brilliant and most of the beautiful scenes and shots in this movie are wonderful masterpieces.  A must see!! 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story in the movie is quite simple: a couple, a mom and a dad, their dreams of having a baby.  The beginning is quite beautiful and it seems that the family is quite happy and very fulfilled.  Later on in the story, the couple meets another couple, who are in the middle of their dreams and are not happy and are afraid of their actions, but afraid of the things that they want to do in life.   So the movie presents the main characters of the story with different experiences and each of the main stories have a different ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of those movies that you know you're going to get - because it's about animals, it's an action-adventure-comedy movie, it takes place in the woods, it has adventure, it is exciting, it surprises, it shocks. The way that the animals are brought into the story is great. The animals, especially the horses, are great and I was surprised at how realistic the story was and at the acting and beautiful settings. The settings are awesome and beautiful, the story wonderfully realistic and the animals great, the animals amazing, the adventure great, and the shocking. I love this movie, but I hope that it gets better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Prelude" is the kind of movie that you can see only in your dreams, if you take the time to see it. It's the story of an overworked and well-mannered psychologist who visits a new patient (a woman who is a painter) and tries to help her with her problems.  In the beginning, he makes a beautiful, simple and straightforward suggestion: "If you like painting, go to a movie studio.  You will find that you will not like the movies made there, because there are a lot of beautiful pictures in the studio. I have seen a lot in my life, but the one that I like the most is "The Mother". This movie is about the real artist, Anton Reuven. The story is about his pursuit of his passion, his life as an artist and the life of a woman.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of my favorite movies ever! I just watched it when it came out (a few months ago) and enjoyed it even more! The plot was very unique. It is a very old and serious story with a very good ending and great acting. I especially liked the end. The movie has good performances by everyone, especially by the main actors and the actors who played their parts well. The film was very realistic. I don't know how I could have expected this movie when I saw it. I loved it and I am glad I did! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the story moves is unique and original. You are never bored by the story. It is not predictable. It keeps you wondering what is the tenant's dark past, and what is his dark future.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A few years ago I saw this movie for the first time, and I was surprised at what I saw. I was impressed by the way the movie was filmed, the use of light and shadows, and the use and development of the various characters, and that's why I decided to see this again.  I think it's great, and it really is. It really does capture the feeling of being a teenager in those parts.  The cinematography is stunning, and is very believable, and there are great use of various camera angles and angles, and this makes the whole movie seem more realistic.   The story is the same as the first one, so the audience knows what they are watching is a movie, and what they get is a story.  As for the actors, there are a few new faces, but there are still many unknowns that I have seen on film before. I especially liked the new guy played by Gabriel García Bernal, who I have heard is great in the movies. I don't know him personally, but I like him in the films he has made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful documentary about the migration of the Bakhtiari tribe of Persia, whose members were nomadic herders who made their way through the mountains to grasshoppers. The film focuses on the lives of two women, one of whom is a descendant of one of the three main tribes, the Bekhtiar, who are herders and the other is the Meyar, a descendant who is nomadic and has no herd. They were nomads living a lifestyle that was completely different from the Bakhtar's nomadic lifestyle of the early 8th century.  The filmmaker is also interested in the lifestyle of one other Bekh tribe member, the Meysi, who is not nomadic, but rather she is a very seditious person, and has traveled with her family as a result.  In this documentary, both women are interviewed, one by the director, and the two are shown to be the main story of their lives, while the others are shown as supporting characters. The interviews with the Meyscari and Meyshi are so poignant that they become one of my favorite and the first to appear on the screen. The Meyscar is a fascinating look at a life of nomadic Persians living in the mountains, but this is done with great care and attention. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterfully conveys a message of hope, even if one is not willing to give up, to anyone in need.    The story focuses on two people, a woman (Claire) and a man (Mancuso), who are searching for the woman (Fernandes) who has taken her own life, after being raped and held hostage by a drug lord.  Claire has taken up residence in a small, rundown house in the neighborhood, which she shares with the drug lord's son. The story has been told before, but I felt the film could still be used.  I don't want to give away the ending, but it is a powerful one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In this film, as many "dark fantasy" movies, we can see that a world where magic, dark and light are all equal is a fantasy. And we can also see that in the real world, dark magic, and light magic are always separate, not the same thing.  But what this movie shows us is that the fantasy that we live in is not only populated by our own dreams, but by the things we put on our computers.  This movie is a great example of how movies can be good, and not bad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie and am hoping that one day it will come out on DVD. I really hope so!   I don't think there is anything else out there like this that I have seen! I love that I can buy it in the stores but also love that there are people who can get this great movie for free!!  If you get the chance to see this movie please do so. I will keep you updated by posting more pictures.  I wish to see more movies like this one!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of the great indie films. But with such wonderful acting and great music, this is one for your music library! If you like independent films, this one is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this film at least twice, in different cinemas. I remember it vividly when I was a child, I remember sitting in my room, fascinated to watch it and after I watched it for the second time, I still wonder what the film was all about.   What I don't remember is, that the film is about an eccentric man, his life as a doctor, his patients, his family, his friends, his fiancée, his colleagues, his relations and his life-partners. The film is a very powerful film, not for the typical viewer, I think, but for anyone interested in an odd and surrealistic story. The special effects are incredible and the characters are wonderfully developed, and the story is fascinating. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise is intriguing. We meet the main character of the story, and his life story is more like a movie, than a real life one. His family is like a real one, with their own life, with all the joys and sorrows, which they feel in the presence of other people.  The acting in this film is excellent, with great performances from all the actors. The story is good and the movie is moving, but it isn't dull. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not sure how I became such a big fan of this movie. I loved the first half hour and really didn't think much at all about the second half. The best part of the movie was the first scene with all the old characters. And that is what made me a great fan of the show. It was the second great part of this great show. The first was all about being with the old people and the second was all the new people.  The best episode was probably the best and was a great show, and it was a show I wish I could have seen a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent show. It's got a good script and it's very funny. It also has a good concept and the cast is good, the production is great and it is entertaining. I love it!!!! I think it's so creative, very creative, and very fun!! It's not just for kids. It doesn't have any adult characters and it doesn't take any money out of your pocket. It has an adult audience! So don't think that you have to spend a lot to get a good laugh!!! It's awesome. If you're looking for a good show, I'm sure you can find it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have the chance to see this movie, don't miss it! This is a well-made, well-acted, very well-directed, great-looking, and very well directed movie. The movie has some great performances, such as that of the lead actress, who plays a very seductive character. The story is very exciting, but the movie is a great seduction movie. I wish there was more of a plot in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, I was really surprised by this film and it was quite enjoyable, but I don't think it could be any better. I found myself enjoying it, especially when it was showing people's personalities and how they react to different situations and what they thought about certain things. The actors were perfect, especially the leading lady who was so perfect, I can't imagine why it took so long for her to find a movie that matched her. I think this is one great film and I hope it gets better! It had great acting, good directing and great music, it really made me feel sad for all the people who went through this ordeal. This is an emotional rollercoer that has a very good message that could possibly change the world. I hope that this film gets better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed by the cinematography, brilliantly beautiful camera shots and fantastic performances by all the actors. The film reminded me of a few films that were made during that time and that their effect on the human mind is still shocking and still makes them all seem like great art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you liked The Black Cat, then you will love this movie. I give it a 9 out of 10. Great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great first film. I haven't seen it yet, and it will take me a few days to get to it, but it was so moving and beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the first short film from the director of "Beau travée" (2002), which was nominated for an Oscar in the Best Supporting Actress category for her performance as a French beauty, played by Helena Bonham Carter. Carter's character, played to perfection by Helena, is a sassy, feisty, vampish, and yet loving person. She is in love with her older sister, who has an affair, and who is having an affair with her own sister, played perfectly by Natalie Portman. The plot is simple and touching, the film is beautifully filmed, and the actors are great.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic, if you are willing to spend an hour and a half watching it you will get a very good experience.  The main character is a police detective, "Punisher" Danner (Peter Falk). The story focuses on Danner's pursuit of an escaped Nazi and the Nazi's plan to escape to America. Danner is also a private eye who has to track down the Nazi before he gets to live the normal life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First things first: I loved the first movie, and was so happy to see it was only the second one. I loved this movie a lot.  The movie reminded me of my childhood days spent with my grandmother and grandmother. I have always been a big fan of the first, so I always wanted to see the second movie, even though I thought it was very funny. I never knew that the first film was so wonderful, and I am so glad to have seen it. It was funny and I hope the movie will keep me entertained for another hour.  Second things first. I had a great time watching the first. My favorite line was when the grandmother tells the old lady that she is very old. She looks very old, and has to get out of this wonderful world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the funniest movie I have ever seen, and one of the most important ones.   The jokes are so quick and so creative, you can hardly see them coming.  The actors are great, but I especially enjoyed the portrayal of the old lady.  I can't imagine why people dislike this movie, but to me it seemed like a great master piece.  This movie reminded me of a few of my favourite films, but nothing compared to the funniness of this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I was watching this film, my thoughts were not filled with any words, it was a great cinematic master piece! I can't go into too much more detail, I think this is best left to the imagination. It was great storytelling and great character portrayals. The best part of the movie was the ending. I think the ending touched me so deeply that I had tears in my eyes and I felt my heart beat so hard that it became so difficult to watch that it was hard to walk away. It made me want to go home and hug my family again. I recommend this film to anyone. I would love to see this again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie to see. It is a funny and very touching movie. It contains a very interesting and unexpected story. I have seen it many times, and every time I see it I always wonder what the other people thought about it.  I have noticed that people are not very enthusiastic about it, but I have not noticed that this is the case. This movie is a little short, but it is very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    First, I will say that this movie had my heart pounding. It made me think that I had finally found a true story. It's all in the timing and the beautiful scenery and the brilliant performances of the main actors. I would have given this movie a 10/10 beauty and beauty. Perfect for any movie lovers and movie lovers. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting movie about the lives of two guys (Josie Bissett & Mark Strong) that are interested in a road trip to Big Lake in Montana. While the film has many problems, the two main problems are the lack of production and great photography. The cinematography is brilliant and the beautiful scenery and setting the stage for the story. I also like the fact that they did not use music or video clips to portray the story, it was more organic and natural. Also note the superb acting and great camera angles and settings. Also, the story line was original and unique, I hope everyone else can see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked "Birds" or "The Bird" you will love this film. The cinematography, the beautiful shots and beautiful music. The only flaw I found in this film was the music. "St. Andrews" by Roy Williams, "Oscar" by George Gershwin and "Fiddler On The Roof" by Oscar Levant. I think that you will agree with me.  This is a short, beautiful and well-directed movie. I don't want to spoil the story for you, just want to let you know it's a story that you want to tell. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had the wonderful experience of watching this film and I can't wait to say that I thoroughly enjoyed it. I'm sure there are still many people out there who don't know what this movie is about. So if you have a hard time understanding and appreciating this movie, you will certainly be out of the norm!  I'm glad to see so much attention was paid to this movie. It is something I've seen in movies since I was in Israel and I really appreciate movies like this one because I don't get it. This is something that I can watch anytime. It may be that my wife's comment to me before we went to bed after watching it is something like, "What a great movie!" It's a movie that is beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have been an avid fan of B5 since it first aired and even though it has become a little over the top I still keep thinking of B4 as my favourite. So now I am going to take some time out to review. It's a pretty good story, the acting is great and the script is good as well. It is also the second movie in the trilogy. I really enjoyed it.  This movie has become something of a cult classic for me. It does not really fall into the category of what movie has a cult following, but it certainly is one of them.  It's not really for everyone. It seems like a pretty mainstream movie. I have heard that people were complaining that it was a B movie, I disagree. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good and underrated comedy that is very funny, and at the same time very strange. The main character is the old lady, who is in her 80s and living alone and in the company of her sister (Angie Dickinson), and their dog (Danny B. Fox). She wants to have a baby and goes to her family's friend (Lila) and ask for help. She finds the friend's house and invites them in for tea.  The next morning the old woman comes in with a child and asks for help in caring for the child. They take her into their home and take the child, and then feed them all their food. When the woman asks them to take care of her child, they agree and feed them. The old lady is shocked and asks them if they want to go to the hospital.  A very touching story that is funny and at times confusing, and definitely not for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen the movie when it first came out and I was very impressed with it. It was very emotional, but not as bad as some people may think. It seemed to be able to capture the essence of the movie. It made me sad for the movie to go so well and so far.   This is a movie you have to watch for yourself. It's not a perfect movie, but it certainly was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the masterpieces of all time! It was the perfect romantic anime! The characters are all very interesting and unique, the story is charming, and the ending great! There is a hint of romance in the middle of the series, which is the reason why I never bothered to watch it all the way to the end! I hope that more romantic anime will come in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really loved the story of the first episode. I mean, that was really interesting and it was really very interesting. I actually was in the mood for it. But I loved it because it was so interesting and because of all the great acting by the actors, the beautiful cinematography, great beautiful beautiful settings, great settings, beautiful settings... The story is really great and I liked it very much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was my first time seeing this movie when I was in the hospital with my baby.  I am surprised that so few people were to enjoy this movie.  This movie has a unique story and the acting was wonderful brilliant especially for the beautiful Natalie Portman. Natalie Portmann's character is the main reason to see this movie, I recommend this movie to everyone, and I hope they enjoy this film as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of the two lovers, a rich woman who has never married, and a man, a successful movie actor, who has finally found someone who understands his needs and is willing to help. The film has plenty of drama, suspense, and romance and it does so in such masterfully crafted ways that you feel like you are watching a real story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first collaboration between directors Walter Salles auteuil & Eric Van Meter the magnificent Sall's masterpiece "Reverie Paradis" was an interesting story of a man who has devoted his life to making a life for himself in the old town of Roubaix in his native town, where he lives in a house with his wife and a dog. When his dog dies, he takes on a new life and tries to get revenge on his dog by going into town and finding a girl who will become his new wife. In the middle of the film he meets a strange woman named Marnie who is also devoted to revenge. Together they become romantically involved, and in the end, Sall and Marn are dead. The ending is not a surprise to anyone who has seen the film.  "Raverie Paradises" is not one of my favorite films, but I would recommend it to anyone interested in french films, because the actors are very good and the director, Solles autesuil, has made some fine films in his time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen anything like this before. It's brilliantly paced, and it doesn't go out of its way to be sensationalist or sensationalist, but to me, it captures what I feel is the essence of a tragedy.   The director, Paul Verhoeven, is not a great director, but he certainly has a great ability to show the emotions of a man that has lost his wife, and show the power of love that can overwhelm all things.  Verhoevern's movie isn't simply a documentary, but a dramatic work that shows the heart of a young man's life.  In the beginning, the young man wakes up in a strange place. He doesn't know why he's there, but all he can see are the stars of the constellations that he sees. He then asks his mother, "Is it heaven or earth?"  When she answers, the two meet.  The story then slowly becomes more and more beautiful, and all of the other characters, from the grandmother to the man who gave the instructions on how to find the star, all give their opinions about what they think happened to him, and what they believe the cause of his ordeal.  This is a powerful film, and the script really helps to show it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised and I loved it! I really like it!  The best thing about it was how it didn't bore you down, and that's because the story is really great! The actors and the director really masterfully blended together their talents to make a great movie!  I can watch it whenever I want and I can't get bored watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good film if you ask me. I saw it when it came out and was so amazed I never could get my mind of it. I still can't get that feeling of shock, when I see the car jump scenes, and when the boy gets his arm cut, and the doctor says to him "that's it, boy. You'll get better of course. You can't have that arm now. You're a man now." And then the boy says to the doctor "you're a genius." He then turns to the other boy and says "that makes you a genius!" The story is great, and I have to say that I have never seen anything more heart-warming and heartfelt than this movie. The performances are good, and some of the movie clips are so short you can't even notice them. And then there are the car jumps. If you like watching cars jump, and are into extreme car stunts, this is the perfect movie for you. If your a car person, this isn't for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed with this movie. It showed a very powerful, strong, brave and beautiful story, the actors portraying the story beautifully and so understandable. I have never seen a film with such beautiful, strong and beautiful people. The director deserves an award for this brilliant, stunning movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the 2006 Palm Springs International Film Festival and loved it. I still do. It's a sad movie, but I don't recommend it unless you are a serious fan of BOTH horror and science fiction, and have a morbid imagination. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you were a fan of the original cartoon then watch this show. You will see all of the old jokes and gags and most of the new ones. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very emotional and heart-warming movie. It shows the life and struggles of three main characters: Mr. Peralta (played by Benito), the husband of Ms. Pinto (Mrs. Perez), and their struggles over a very simple life. In this film, we also see the struggle of the two main characters, as they try to figure out why they are going through such a hard time.   This movie is not a happy film, but a very depressing film. It will make you feel sorry for them and maybe it will inspire them to get out of their depression. If you are depressed, this will make a good change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very funny and very touching. It is not just a movie that has bad jokes, but is actually very funny. It does have some of the worst great performances. It also has some of my favorite performances. All of these are great performances of great actors. I love this movie. I have seen it several times and always have. I really hope that this movie gets released someday.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is in the same class as "Fatal Attraction", "The Burning" and "The Thin Man" as a mood-swinging drama about love and sex. The two stories are very different and each one with a lot more intense scenes, especially in the beginning and in the last scene.  This is a very intense and suspenseful film with a very high suspense level, so that the audience has a hard time understanding the plot.   I also like "Fever Pitch" a very strange and over-the-top movie that isn't so strange at all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main thing I liked about this movie was the casting of the two main characters in the movie, a widower (Paulie) and a woman (Marcy). They played their roles beautifully.  The movie is very funny, very dark, very depressing, and very serious. It deals with death, sickness, and the life of Paulie's family and also how Paulie dealt with his family members and his friends.    The ending is a tear-jerker and I was sad at the ending. It could have been a happy ending, but it wasn't.  I can't say I enjoyed this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed the first half of this film and was so moved by the time I saw the beautiful and uplifting "Visions" that I couldn't stop laughing. This was not an action movie, but a romantic story about the life of a witch. The cast was diverse and I feel that the characters, like the lead actress, were more believable than the typical Disney films.  I'm glad that this movie was released as it was, because the music, cinematography, and editing were masterful. This movie has one of the best endings of any Disney movie and it's a surprise to see a surprise. I'm not sure why it didn't get a theatrical release because "Vampires: Los Muetos" was a Disney film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of those movies that you have to see to believe. It has great comedic moments, especially from the main character. It's full of great character development and great comedy. It also deals with the idea of a family who has to battle for survival in a very small village. This is a very realistic and sad thing to see.  This movie is not very preachy. It is very disturbing and very depressing. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was a wonderful film with a great cast and wonderful scenery, and the story is of a small mining town that is in need of a bit of TLC. It's a very nice movie with good acting and great cinematography. I recommend it to anyone who likes the genre, but does not wish to take it too seriously. It is not a serious film, but is more for a fun afternoon at the beach or a movie to pass an hour and a half. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first two stories of the movie are quite typical of the genre, which is to say that they are of no consequence different from the usual 'B' movie that was made in the 50's. However, they do not add anything new.  It is a very well made film, which means that it is interesting in some aspects, and that it was made well in a very simple, yet still very graphic, fashion. The movie is so stylised, with some great gfx, that it becomes a very surreal experience.  Some of the scenes are quite brutal and gruesome, and the performances of the actors are very good, but they do fit the movie.  The movie has a very good plot, and it is very shocking and disturbing. It does not contain any nudity, and has no gore.  This is one of the gems of the IMDb, and I have rated it so high, because the majority of the people rated it higher than the 1.4, which they used to give the movie, I am shocked! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real great film. The plot of the film isn't a typical action film but rather a romance. The main character, played by D.L. Bliss, is a high school senior. He and his friend, played wonderfully by William H. Macy, get to know each other through their mutual struggles. The two have an uneasy relationship until one night when their lives become intertwined and one thing leads to another. D. L. Bliss finds out that his father has died and that he has to live with his mother. This film isn;t a typical romantic-comedy but a serious-matter drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of two young women who try to survive in a strange and very dangerous world. This film was directed by a talented director named Robert Mullins. The two main characters are played by Claire Denis (as a very beautiful young woman) and Gwyneth Paltrow (as the equally brave, but very frightened young man). They are able to survive and they both are frightened of a strange world.   The film has a somewhat abstract and mystical feel. The viewer can see their own thoughts, and perhaps even feel their own pains.  The main characters of the film are Gwynyth and Claire, and the plot is very powerful and suspenseful. The entire film is a great example of the power of the human spirit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie at least 4 times, all in the last 5 years. The first time I saw it, it was in a theatre with some friends, but after a few years, it got old and I haven't been able to see it again. I was in tears with joy for remembering this great movie. This movie is so touching, beautiful and touching, it's almost unbelievable beautiful. It's so beautifully scripted, beautiful directed and well directed, that you can't stop smiling after seeing it. The only time I can really appreciate this movie is if you watch it with a big crowd. I'd recommend seeing this movie. I'm unsure of why this movie was made, because no one could have made such great movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The two movies are good, but the plot is not weak. In fact, the two movies' great stories have much in common, which is a wonderful idea.  The movie is not a typical romantic comedy. There are some laughs and some tears, and then there is a beautiful song.  It's funny and it's not pretentious. It's very touching and very sad.  I have no problem with the plot, I just like the movie. It is very well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was intriguing, but the direction and cinematography masterfully captured the feeling of a lost era. The cinematography and cinematographic settings combined to create a feeling of the lost and a longing for a time when things were simpler and simpler.  This film explores this longing and longing through the eyes of four very different characters. The portraits of each are equally fascinating and their longing is for the simpler time and place.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of the original cartoon, and I enjoyed the first one too much. So I am happy to see the new one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love that kind of movies. I mean it's so rare, special and beautiful. And it is a pity that this film wasn't longer, I think. I wonder how it was that great, great acting masterfully done by Peter Fonda and the beautiful Jessica Lange, who were stunning together, and the brilliant performances of the two great actors, who have a brilliant chemistry together.  This film is an emotional rollercoer, and I think that it is very emotional and I don't understand how it can be boring.    The emotional power of this film is very powerful. It is about a woman who has a life long ambition to become a great film maker. Her friend is a great writer and director, but she's not a great director either.  The whole film is beautifully shot and edited, and it has a very good emotional power. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved the first 10 minutes of this movie, and I loved them for what they were. The scenes in the movie where the characters were interacting and interacting were great, and the story was engaging and interesting. I enjoyed the acting of each actor, and was amazed at the beautiful scenery and beautiful colors. I think this movie captured the essence of a typical Italian movie, which has a very bleak and depressing view of life and the world, and it also gave me a sense of how a real person would go through life if they were not able to experience happiness and sadness at the same time.  I am not sure if I would recommend this movie to anyone. It was very emotional and I am glad that I did not watch it alone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film in which I've seen this great talent, was "The Tenant", which was very interesting and seemed to be a story about a very ordinary Japanese family, whose neighbors are dying and one day a stranger, a lady of the neighborhood, walks up and says "I'm afraid you're dead!" The Japanese woman doesn't know how to react. The neighbor says " I can't take my eyes off you".  The Japanese lady, of course, doesn't think so. She's taken by surprise and is in great pain. She is in a mental hospital, which is surrounded by very big trees and it's very cold and very dark. Her husband (Ida Galli) is a very strong man, but he has very weak hands and he's in hospital as well. The lady, on the other hand, is very strong and the pain doesn't seem to be able to stop.  But there are other problems with this film. One is the music. It's quite unique. The sound is quite strange, it is very very dark and sometimes the music is quite disturbing. The Japanese actress who played the woman in "The Lady In The Sun" (who was really popular in Japan) is very beautiful and very nice, the main theme is "The tenant" but the songs are not all that good.  This film has a very unique story. It is not a story that has been played in many films. It has very few characters and they don't come across as such. The film is very short and very sweet. This is a film that makes you feel as if it's been put on film in a very beautiful setting, with natural landscapes and some very special effects.   I have to say, if the music and sound quality is the best in the world, I'm glad I didn't pay attention to it and just enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic comedy that is funny, it is a parody of other popular movies. And i loved the first one, but i really enjoyed the second one more than the first. The only thing i liked about this movie was the soundtrack. It was beautiful, the animation was great, and the story was great. The story was very good, the jokes and character development great, i also like how it made it to the end very believable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of my favorite scenes is at the beginning when the film opens and the camera is in a car park, waiting to catch a glimpse of the beautiful scenery of the Scottish Highlands. The car park is full of great images, including a shot of a Scottish mountain top, and a shot inside a school. This is the first feature film that I have seen that depicts Scotland as it is today, and the only film that has been made about it, The National Film Theatre, has been about the World Trade Center tragedy. I am not in the least surprised that the film does not mention this atrocity. It is very emotive and very disturbing. The director has not chosen to exploit Scotland, he has chosen to show Scotland as a place of extreme hardship, a place where people are not able to care for themselves, where there is no hope for the future.  The film also shows the Scottish government as corrupt and incompetent, the Scottish Nationalists as poor and disenfranchised, and all the characters, including the film's protagonist, as uneducated, homeless people, or criminals. The film shows the extreme hardship that the poor and unemployed people live with.  I am surprised that this film is about the Scottish Government, and not the American Government that is supposedly run by the British Government. I was shocked to see the American government involved in this film, and I am astonished to see how it is so close to the truth of the September 11th tragedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie when it first came out. I was really surprised by the plot and characters. It was the first movie I ever saw that really made me cry and feel bad. I really felt sorry for the poor guy in the hospital. It's so funny and sad. It reminded me of the days when I was a kid and we would watch the movie every Sunday morning at 2:00AM just to hear the music. I have always been a big Drew Barrymore fan since she's been in several movies and I've seen her in several other films, so I always tried to see her in anything, but this was great. It also had some of the most great acting ever. It all made sense and came together beautifully. I wish it was longer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been trying to track down this movie, for over a decade now. In the meantime, I'd just like to add that I would never know how this masterful film was filmed. This is truly stunning. One of the masterful masterpieces. It's a masterpiece of cinematic excellence. I'd never seen anything like it. And that's why it's still hard to find on video (I'm working on it myself - no luck). I've even seen some of the movies starring Richard Attenborough (the 2001 Oscar-winning "Gandhi's portrait of a woman with an insolent mother and a doting father), and yet this one is still the great match in cinematic greatness.  The story, as I have said, is one of those love stories. There is also a subplot concerning the mother's relationship with the father. This plot could have been set in any number of movies. The main characters are all real, and yet the movie is full of surprises.  This movie is not for the faint of heart. It doesn't have the same kind of heart that I have. It does have a great love story, and I'm not going to spoil it for you.  But, I do warn you not to expect to lose your nerve when watching this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Kung Fu" (1972) was one of the first films that I saw that I was so excited to see that I didn't go to bed that night. I just came in, I love the movie, and I loved my mom, and we were just talking about this movie, I loved it, and so I loved every second of it, I was like amazed! I'm just glad that I remembered to write that, but it wasn't like I remember "Rocky Road to the Revolution" (which was also a great movie) it was much more emotional and more of a plot, and at the time I had forgotten it was not too long after that, a great concept to show a young audience about life and about love.    "A" was a great idea for a movie that has so many emotions that it was amazing, I had never heard of the movie until I remembered it in my dreams about this one, and to this day I have never forgotten it. I'm glad that the movie got a DVD release, I wish that more people saw this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was wonderful! I would like to add that I have not seen it yet, so could not compare it to other movies I have seen.  This is not an action-movie, although the action is very hard to follow. The story is very good, and I really enjoyed the fact that it is hard to believe that the two main characters, the two cops and the soldier were there.  Also, I have to mention that the main characters were believable and very believable. This is really great, since I really do not know anyone who is a cop or a soldier.  The cinematography great, especially when the story is hard, and also the action scene.  I am surprised to see such great cinematography!  The good part was that there are many action scenes, because they are very short. The movie is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't want to spoil anything, but if you have the opportunity to see this film, I would strongly urge you to take it.  If you have a thirst for classic romantic anime and like me, enjoy a good laugh. But if you are a serious person and want to see a serious, meaningful movie, then see this.  This is the movie for anime lovers. It is so enchanting and beautiful that I am amazed that it is the #1 animated movie that has taken the English dubbed version to the IMDB top 250 movies.  My rating for this movie is 1/10. I enjoyed this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I enjoyed this movie, but I didn't expect it to be anything special. It is a fun movie, not an action movie, a good or evil movie. It just shows that a person with brains can do anything. This is one of the masterpieces from this year. It's a funny and cheesy movie, full of good humor, and it's a good time for some good family movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main theme of the film is the story of a boy and his family, in the woods, of the old-growth redwoods of northern California, as it is for many young boys in America. The film focuses on the plight of the boy and on the importance of being a true hunter.  The movie is not about animals and not about the life of an old-time hunter. It is about what is needed in this age and age. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    First of all, this movie is a classic, but if you ask me, it's not one of my all time favorite. It's a good, but I'm not looking for an action movie, but for a story, a movie and a movie with great action. But this is one great movie with special FX, beautiful special effects and great music.   I was amazed by how masterful the movie was. I have seen hundreds of movies and this one stands out in my list as great masterpieces.  The story follows the lives of two guys as they get to know each other, learn to appreciate each other and come to realize what they have in common. I liked the movie because the main character is the oldest brother and his character was very interesting and he had a lot of things to say and I don't think I was going to see a movie that masterfully told his story in such beauty and elegance. I love the movie, and I hope people see it and appreciate what it has to say. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like the movie. It's really good. The cinematography and the beautiful scenery really makes this movie a great masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie on late night TV and it was one of my favorite movies ever! I wish there was a sequel! The movie was great. The cast was great, but I enjoyed every minute of it! I don't know why it didn't come out until 10 years later! It was one good movie, and I will tell you why. This was the best movie I've ever seen. I wish the sequel came out sooner. I would watch this again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first collaboration between the author of "Dress To Kill" and the creator of "My Favorite Year" is one of the masterpieces of the film. In the same way that the story is different in the two films, the characters are also different. A character's life may be filled with the ups and downs of everyday life, but the movie is not about them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the wonderful first episode of the series that introduced the characters of the lead characters, the one who was played by Michael Caine. It was the first of the two that would be cancelled after a year, the other being The Secret Diary. The acting was great, and the story was great. I really wish the show continued, but it didn't. The next two would be a great two hours of pure comedy with great jokes and a great plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A nice and amusing piece of work, "The Last Wave" is a very powerful documentary about the early life of the world's first nuclear-weapons scientists. The story of these scientists, their dreams, their frustrations, their friendships, is one of the few true stories from the last century about the nuclear age.  The main characters are William F. Powell, a former astronaut, and Thomas Riedelsheimer, a very old man who made a contribution to the cause of world peace. Both are now living happily with the knowledge that nuclear bombs could be used again.  This is an interesting and disturbing documentary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It's not the best movie of all time, it is the best I have ever seen. I don't know how I could appreciate this movie when it came out. The story is interesting, but I can't believe it didn't make more sense when I first saw it. But I love all the things that come up in the movie. I think it is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great film. It is probably one of my favorite movies of all time. It has a lot of great quotes from different great actors. I especially liked the one where they said that "They should have named the dog Chiba after the great King Kong, who defeated Godzilla" or "The Great King Kong was so big that it made the difference between him and Godzilla a living elephant."  The movie has a plot that is not really new. There is a lot more in common with the Great Kong Kong series and this is probably why people didn't like this movie. It does not take too long to realize that this is indeed a very entertaining film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very interesting movie. I have to say that I liked it, but I also did not dislike it. It was a very entertaining and interesting film. The plot was very good, but the film was very short and I liked the fact that it was not very long. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the original animated version of "Gigazmo," the story of a girl who, as a little girl, decides to visit the island of Laputa and become a princess, and there she meets the mysterious King Kuma (voiced by Yumiyoshi Kusakari, who was the king of the island in "Gilligan's Island" - "The Lion Man") and they become the princess' friends and decide to try to become the best princess together.   I don't think this is the best version of the story, and I am glad it isn't shown in the original Japanese version as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an era where big-budget, blockbuster movies are made with little more than a couple bucks, this film is unique. It is certainly not as over-the-top as some of the recent bad offerings, but it is certainly a unique film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Maniac" is an interesting and original film which examines the relationship between an autistic child and a parent. The acting is fine and the directing brilliant.  The "Mariac" theme is not too over the top. The movie is actually very touching and not just a tear-jerker. I think it is a very interesting film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in my late night movie collection on cable, and I have seen many bad movies with the same theme or similar theme, and this one certainly fits the bill. I really enjoyed it, and am not easily entertained by films of this genre, but this is one that I would really like to see more often.  This is not a movie for the weak-hearted, and not for children either. I would have to say that this movie is more entertaining for children than any I have ever seen. It is more for the casual movie goer.   This movie has been compared to "101 Dalmatians" because of the similarity of the plot. I think this is a good comparison.  My biggest complaint about this movie, besides the lack of a lot of blood and violence, is that the film is a great movie to watch at night with your friends. It really is NOT a movie that I will recommend to anyone.  10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed by this excellent movie. It was a very emotional, beautiful movie with a good story line, and I was surprised how it brought tears to my eyes. It's a story that I never wanted to see, but was so touched by this movie that I wanted to show my gratitude to the filmmaker for wonderful creative and beautiful performances. I was so moved and so happy to see it. I wish everyone could see this beautiful story. I would like everyone to see this movie. I hope that more people will see this. I love it!!! I will be sure to watch again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this film, and i recommend it to anyone who likes great, fast, and exciting action.  I am glad i watched it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic and yet sad movie. It's a good-natured, honest movie about the trials of modern relationships. The acting is great, the script great, and the music is great.  I recommend this movie to anyone looking for something to be happy about. I would love to see more from her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, the good story. It has the best special effects I have seen, the best script I've seen. It is a very touching story of two friends that are in the beginning stages of their lives and are falling in love.  I think it is an excellent story with very beautiful special effects, the story is very touching and the cast is excellent. I wish this movie received an award. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie about 2 or 3 times and i still have a soft spot for it. The acting is great especially the lead performance of Rene Garcia as the main character, a hardworking country lady, who was a homemaker and mother to her kids. The best scene is the scene where Rene's husband dies in the bathtub of their own house. And the best scene in the movie is the one where RENE's youngest daughter and RENE'S oldest son drive up to their cabin to find out that RENE is dead. A beautiful, emotional scene.  The scene where the family is in the woods near the house and Rene has an affair with her neighbor's daughter is a beautiful moment of madness. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like all of the B movies that come out every now and then, but this one stands great above all others. It is an original, well-thought, and brilliantly photographed movie. The first hour is a masterpiece. The whole movie is great, and it is a beautiful mix of high school and high school. It seems that the story of high-school teens who have made it to the beach in their tiny town is not as silly as it seems to be. The film is interesting, beautiful, and full of adventure. I give this film a 7/10, but if you are a teenager or a person interested in movies, I would definitely recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was awesome. It was very beautiful. It had great acting. The beautiful cinematography beautiful. The fantastic music by Bryan Adams was beautiful and awesome. The special effects were awesome and amazing. It shows the power of imagination. If you liked the movie I would give this movie a 9/10. I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen this film years ago on TV. It's sad that a movie like this is made every year and every year, and is more than likely to be watched again by new generations, just to get a bit of nostalgia out of the way. This is one of those masterpieces. The music and images are amazing, and the direction brilliantly creative and beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a true story of life in the village of Koyi. I remember watching this movie at about 3 or 4 in my elementary school years back when it was released in the 1970's. This movie touched me when I was young. I have since asked myself about it over the years. I would like to buy a copy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second of four short films in which I, a huge fan of the Italian horror movies of the 50's and 60's, saw a story that could be the story of a young girl getting revenge on her tormentors. It's a story of revenge, but it's not just for revenge of the torment that she suffered, it's the story that she never told to anyone. She was ashamed of her actions, and she had to live with them for the rest of her life.  I just enjoyed this film, it was very entertaining. The acting was excellent and it has a very good plot. Very impressive! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of those rare cases that a great, brilliant, fantastic story can be told in a natural, honest, beautiful setting. The actors pull it off with complete realism and reverence, and the audience becomes engaged with the characters and the story, not the movie. I found myself drawn in, not quite to the point of disliking the movie, but to the extent of being drawn into the plot and the performances.  There are also great scenes of the film, such as the "bridge" scene. In the scene the director shows a man with his back to the camera and asks him to close his eyes. Then the man opens his eyes and sees a tree. In this scene the tree is not really there.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very atmospheric and moving film, which is sometimes a bad sign in films that are shot in the countryside. It has its ups and its downs, and the actors are great, and you have to watch it to believe.  It's not for everyone, and there are scenes that are very dark and depressing, which could be interpreted as the theme of the film, but they are used in the film as well.   If you are interested in watching this film, it's not too hard to find, I just try to look for it, it seems like a treasure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic.  The story is about a family whose lives and circumstances change as they enter the afterlife.  A young widow seeks revenge against the husband who killed her mother and sister for their transgressions.   The young widow (Jolie Ann Moss) seeks revenge on the murderer (Brian Thompson) and is assisted by an angel (Kathryn Fillmore) who guides her through this dark and lonely place.  This film is dark, brutal and depressing in every way.  I like the way that Jolie tries to reach out to Brian and Kathryn as they are in the dark and silent place. But in an eerie setting of a cemetery, there is a cemetery full of life.  As I said before, this is a classic. I hope that it can bring viewers to the story of the young widow and help them feel her pain. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is a great movie and one of the best movies i have ever seen. I watched this with a special set of eyes, and i can honestly say that the best movie i have seen in my life. I really enjoyed this movie. It had a nice story line, but i thought the best part was when the two main characters meet in the train station and talk about how they met. I recommend you watch it. I have been trying to find it ever since i saw this movie and have been unable to find this movie anywhere else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was looking forward to seeing this, I was so pleased with it, and was very happy I did. I loved it! The acting was great, the story wonderful, and I enjoyed the way the ending and the way that it made you feel, as I do all things.  The movie is a MUST SEE FOR ALL AGES. It is a great love story, and a great movie. I would recommend this movie to anyone. If you have a love of animals, or if you want to be entertained and feel happy at the same time, I would suggest this movie.  I give this movie a 7 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the perfect romantic anime. This is a very light, sweet and sweet anime. The songs in the series are sung in a romantic, almost child-like manner. The animation is beautiful and the story is sweet, romantic and very human. The voice acting is great. The whole movie has a very human touch. It is a complete anime! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film for all ages. It contains a lot of good humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best and most enjoyable musical in the history of Hollywood is "The Shop Around the Corner" by Frankie Genn, which is a parody of a Gershwin play and which is one of many movies that fail to capture the full range of Gershon's talent. The film is full of Genn's idiosyncratic sense of humour. A real Gershtwin fan, I would say it's an interesting film and I would probably enjoy the film, as does the great Walter Matthau. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The acting masterfully shows that the people of the present-day world are as dim as the characters he works with. I have no idea what he masterfully does to bring the life of one modern Japanese person to life on another level. I love that he does it with such beautiful life in beautiful Tokyo. The scene where he meets with a beautiful woman is a moving one. It has a very tragic aspect. The viewer sees the life and feelings of a lonely lonely person. It seems that no one else cares about his loneliness but him. It makes one sad to realize that this is the kind of person that is so unhappy and lonely that he no longer wants anyone else. But he is the one that really makes the film.  The great scene is at the beginning where the man meets with his girlfriend and she asks him to accompany her to another life. He says yes.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great film! I was very surprised at the acting from Robert Downey Jr and Jude Law. They give great performances with great chemistry.  The plot is great and has great twists and turns! The direction is great especially for the great performances from Downey, Law and Jafri. The story is great, the acting great and the special effects great.  A great film that has a good plot, great actors and great special effects! 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best episode in the history of TV was The Apprentice, when Mr. Trump took a shot at his critics and said, "I love watching people fight." He's still not wrong.  The only show that Mr. T should be on is The View, where he could have a real life and not just play the part of a reality show host.  In the next 5 years, T will be able to put together a reality series of his own that would be like The Apprentice with a real show business. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was first seen by a large audience of over 6,000 people on a private yacht and it quickly became one of the masterpieces of the last half of the 20th century. I am happy to have had this experience and it was also my first exposure to Jean Seberg as a movie actor. The movie is very well directed and it is enjoyable to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this film at the Philly Film Festival in Philadelphia. I was excited by it and was very happy with the film. The film is really well made and I enjoyed the acting of each of the main actors. It has an energetic approach. The story is full of action, but it doesn't forget to let the audience know what's going on. It's easy to get caught up in the action and think that this is all just a show. This is a film that has a hard time following the story and it is also a film with an interesting story.  It has not the same bad acting or a movie with the same style as Fight Club. It does have a few moments that were very good. I didn't really understand the characters that well and I can't really remember anything specific. The direction was awesome, the script master is brilliant, and the camera was great. It also makes you wonder why the characters act the way they act.   Overall, I recommend this movie to anyone interested in a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie was great, but I think this movie is great as well. It's a great story, and it shows how a simple story can become so great. It is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big B-movie fan. I think it's pretty underrated. It's not really all that great. I found it inspiring and funny and it's got that great music. It has some great special effects and I love that. I thought the movie was really well done and I don't know if I've ever seen a movie with such beautiful special effects. I don t think I have. I was surprised by the music and the story was really cool. I would have given this movie a 7/10, but I don´t really know what I like about movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterfully captures the essence of a group of college students as they struggle to understand the value of their lives in a world that is so obsessed with materialism and superficiality that it is in dire need of an intervention. The direction is masterfully directed and the visual effects are stunning, especially when the characters are given such wonderful life-size portrayals. The music is a wonderful blend of styles from rock to pop and even the orchestral score, which provides a great deal of tension.  The cinematography is brilliant, but the images can be overwhelming. The beautiful shots of the bustling city, the stunning scenery, the fantastic soundtrack, and the breathtaking scenery all serve to convey the theme that this is a very ordinary place.  It is hard to imagine that such stunning cinematography could come from such a talented and creative director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In this film, which features some fine acting, it is nice to see the other side of the coin. A lot of the time I feel lost in this film and it doesn't get me anywhere. It is a well-made, well-acted and good-looking film. I think the best of all this film is that it is very fun. The action is crisp and realistic and the movie is entertaining. I also like the character of the killer and he is very creepy and it reminds me of a very bad movie from the nineties. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that has great story and great music. This movie is about a guy who makes his dream come true and finds happiness in his new home and in a new world.  This movie has some beautiful special effects and it has great acting by the cast.  The movie is very short and can be pretty boring. I really enjoyed it and I hope that everyone else does as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie very much, but it was still very funny. I have a problem with it. It is very original, which I don't think most people get. I can't wait to see it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The idea of the movie was genius, I had never seen it on the big screen. It was great to see so many different characters from different walks of life in the city and how the story lines for the main characters differed in the different neighborhoods. The movie is a great story of life and how we are affected by gentrification, a topic I've been thinking about for years now. I have mixed feelings about this movie and hope I can do something with it someday. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of my favorite movies. It isn't very cheesy. I think this movie works very well. It is funny and very natural and very original.  The cast is good. The music is great. The story is beautiful. The film is very well directed. The beautiful cinematography works very good.  A good story and a great script. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the film for all the "B" movies. It is not a movie for everyone, and I hope everyone gets to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A great story, with lots of special FX. Very well done, and very impressive for 1931. The acting is great, the direction masterfully crafted, the FX stunning and the music wonderful. And the best part is the use of the music. Very original, and most of all, it's unique. It was a very emotional experience. Very powerful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie made for anyone. Anyone with an imagination. Anybody who has ever watched a movie, even if you have lived with one.   This movie is about a young girl who gets an offer from a bank to let her join the ranks of a movie called "Stalker."   A young lady named Alison decides to join the "Stalkers" and in the process becomes stalked by one man (Bryce).  Soon, Alison realizes the error of her ways and decides to get revenge.  With her new found "Stalking" skills, Alison goes after her tormentor.  The movie is pretty good, the action is good and the story is interesting and has a lot of twists and turns.  All in all, a great movie. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in a cinema course in 1974, and I still have nightmares of the acting and the cinematography. The acting was excellent, the beautiful and haunting scenery, beautiful and beautiful. The music, beautiful, beautiful! The beautiful and sad story of a father, a mother, and her two young children, a father who died young and his mother who died old. A mother's love for her husband, and the mother's longing for someone to love.   A story about two people who love each other and the two people's struggle for acceptance of the other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First, I like the idea of the "hero" fighting against the "monsta", the evil and the "darkness" that lies in the hearts of the people. In this case, the hero is a boy named "Alex" who wants revenge for the death of his father (who died mysteriously). In order to get this, Alex must go to the town of Monsta and fight the "evil" that exists there.  The best scene is "Alex's nightmare" in which he and his friend play in the woods and are scared by the darkness. When a "monst" comes in the town, the heroes try to get back into their cabin and they meet a strange boy named Timon who seems to be a "follower" of Alex's nightmares. After a brief struggle, Timon jumps out of the cabin and jumps into the woods where the hero's friend is waiting for them.  This is a beautiful and interesting movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film tells the story of the life of a boy, who is bullied by a boy's father who wants to impose his will on him and then take away his family's fortune. The film does not fall into the trap of the typical B movie which is a typical 'what the heck are you doing' film with the typical clichés of bad versus evil, but it is very well made.  The first scene shows the boy sitting in the kitchen. The family is eating a very wonderful dinner. The boy's mother, a very wealthy woman, is very wealthy. His father is very poor and sick. He needs help, and soon he finds help from a very unexpected and generous person.   The story of this movie is very emotional, and it does not contain many cliché lines, and this is one of the most beautiful movies in history. The director, Jean Rollin, is brilliant and shows us that the art of film is not simply a visual art and not a storytelling one.  It is very believable and interesting and a great film for all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie very much, but I did not like it as much as the other two. This was a good, but somewhat shallow story. It is very emotional, and I think I could see how a guy like Alex might be able to absorb this and not feel anything. I think it is a good story.  I have to say that this was a very good, if a little bland.  This was the best movie I have seen, and it was well directed, well acted, well photographed, and beautifully done. I am surprised that this movie was not more popular than the other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As I was watching this film for the first time I thought wow wonderful film. I can't say I loved it and the acting was superb. I also enjoyed the idea of seeing the young Carlito in this classic. He was very cool and his acting was great. The special effects were amazing and worked beautifully. The plot was unique and brilliant. This was the first film that i have seen that was amazing. The movie is a masterpiece of great art. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes great art films. It has a very cool plot and great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not as much of a love story as I have seen in other movies, and although it is a romantic movie, I do think that the ending is not one of those. It is a great, poignant and emotional ending to a movie that is about something so much more then a couple, and it is not something that you can easily get. The ending of the movie shows how one has to be able to move on, even if you love someone. The whole movie is about people that you love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an interesting thriller that takes place in the town of Sarno, but also in the neighboring village of Ostero.The villagers there are all witches.The movie follows the villagers through their trials and how they try to live their lives as witches.It is very creepy and makes the villagers scared to be around.I liked the film very much.The direction is good as well as the script and the performances.The cast is good,the actors are very good.The ending is really chilling,the film is quite disturbing.I would recommend this to anyone who likes scary movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this movie for about 10 years and have only just recently realised how much I miss the plot of the film. I don't see the point of the plot, which is the point in the film, as the story is much more complex than the plot. There are so many different points that are touched upon in this movie that I am surprised that I can tell one story from another. This is a brilliant piece of acting and acting, especially from the actors who all turn in brilliant performances, it was really good that they were able to pull it off. I recommend this film to anyone interested in seeing a movie which isn't to much of a chore to watch. If you want to see a good film then watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, let me say that my mother died from a terminal illness on April 2, 1959, and never got better. I've been watching the movie on my tape ever since it was in the theatre. I still do so today. In fact, I still have the tape on and it is the only movie that I have ever seen. It has all of the great characteristics of a great film. I was amazed when the movie came out in 1969 that my parents taped the movie from the Canadian Film Institute in Toronto and not the National Film Theatre in Ottawa.  My favorite scene is the one where the mother and her two children are playing on the roof of a building. They are in the middle of a snowstorm. The camera pans across the four children's faces as they play. In the background, a magnificent scene of the Canadian Rockies in all its beauty.   If you haven't seen the movie yet, I would strongly encourage you to do so. I will keep you updated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the early 70's, a local TV station was experimenting with live footage. They found that it was very interesting to see if it could capture a story, so they sent their cameramen out to document the story, and they succeeded in doing just that.  This documentary is now in its 7th year, and it is still interesting, even though some scenes are too grainy, or hard to follow. The narration is crisp and works well, and the interviews are interesting and interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very creative and imaginative, the characters and the story were great and i loved it. The movie is a masterpiece of art and imagination, the best story of all time. I loved it and hope for more movies like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of this movie was wonderful, very unique and great, the whole movie was great. I loved the scenes with the horses and I was very impressed with the scenes in the garden. The beautiful cinematography and brilliant direction made this movie great and i have seen it many times. I love the movie and am very interested in the story, the actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I was 18 when this came out in 1955, I would have been ecstatic. I would not have thought of going to see this masterpiece. It is truly beautiful. I had to go back and rewind the tape a few times so I could watch it again. It was moving, beautiful, creative, and well done. The main characters, the main story, and the songs were wonderful. I have to recommend this movie to anyone looking to escape from a bad movie. This is not a mainstream movie, but I am sure it was a very good movie for a lot of teen viewers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had the pleasure to view this movie on the day it came out. I'd have to say that it is in a class of its own. I would love to see this again and again. I hope that this movie is given the highest rating by IMDb.com. I don't know if this movie has an ending I don´t know, it is a mystery. But I am really interested to see it again and it´s still not a mystery but it´S MYSTERY! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was brilliant and interesting, but I had to pinch myself to keep up. It is so beautiful and poignant. I am not a person to cry and I am never one to show my feelings, so I will always keep a happy smile on my face. I did however, shed a tear when I saw it. It will leave you in tears and be with me in tears in the end. It was a sad movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A young, restless, and idealistic girl comes to a small town in Florida for a vacation with her father and her mother and their two sons. They are taken to a local cemetery for a weekend, and then all four of them return to their family home. While there, the daughter, who is already in the process of growing up, begins to develop feelings for the deceased. Her feelings of inadequacy and lack of self-sacrifice for her father will push her further towards the ultimate sacrifice.   The final shot is very powerful, and it leaves the viewer completely unsettied. It is a must-see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason why I'm giving this film a 7.2 out of 10 is because I liked the ending (although I don't remember the exact ending, it could have been a 9 or a 10).   The cinematography masterfully crafted a fantastic experience. The score by legendary Italian film composer Giacomo Mattei was beautiful. The costumes and sets were stunning. And the acting was stunning.   All of this works beautifully together to make this a great film. This is one of those films that you would swear you've never seen. Enjoy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not going to criticize any of the other reviewers for their lack of imagination or skill, I do believe that it is their beauty and natural beauty that makes them so great. This is not about the acting but about wonderful photography and masterfully beautiful settings that make the film wonderfully beautiful.  The film's cinematography is great, I found myself drawn in to certain sequences, I was amazed at certain character reactions, and at the story itself, I felt I was being let down by a great story.  I love the beauty and the naturalism of the film, it makes the whole film more beautiful and natural, and I recommend it to anyone who likes beautiful, natural, naturalistic films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I watched this movie I thought I would never tire of loving it. I have only seen the first ten minutes and I am in love with it. In the beginning of the movie, when the main character is at his home and is looking out the window, the viewer can see the beauty of the house. It was amazing. The house was beautiful and the house was very old. The camera was perfect. I would love to have seen more of the other characters.  As for the movie itself, it was great. The acting was great, and the beautiful scenery and beautiful music captured the emotion and made the movie great. Also, the story was great and it was very unique. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great documentary film on the relationship between a single parent and two parents in a family who have never married, who have no children and have only met on a bus and are traveling to the island of their fathers where they are going to meet their daughter's mother and grandmother.  It starts with the two mothers, who are divorced from their husbands, discussing the life that they have led together.   The two mothers are very honest and are willing to share their life in order to make a living for themselves and their children.  This documentary film will show a family that is truly affected by the family situation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good plot, and I love the idea of an indie film, especially a film with a good concept and good cast.  A lot of the time I try to make sense of the story and the characters by asking myself what they are trying to say. The movie doesn't let me down. I enjoyed every moment of it, and was impressed with what I saw. I hope the story develops further.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Brief History of the American Revolution" is a must see! This is the first time I have seen it all.  I have always been a big fan of the history of the United States, but this is a great time to see all this and see the connection between the war and the American revolution.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie when it first came out about a year ago. It still looks like a masterpiece and it shows just how special this movie was to me when it came out. The acting is great, the cinematography brilliant and the beautiful score perfect. The music is beautiful and beautiful, especially in the middle when the music and the score play their parts. It's hard to find a movie like that in any movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first film of William H Macy Jr. that I have seen with my eyes. He brings a fresh look to a stale genre of films, and it's all because he has the unique ability to move us emotionally. In his most winning performance as a hero, I found him to be a mix of "The Man In The Mirror", "The Bicycle Thief" and "The Tenant On The Roof".  The two main story arcs in this movie are about two elderly neighbors that come to an end of life in a house that has become an old friend's place. They spend a lot of time there. But when the old neighbor dies, he returns to his own life, where he lives happily ever after. I like the scene where he is in the house and the house collapses, and his life goes on forever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very beautiful romantic anime! I loved the first two, but the sequel is simply great! The animation is very beautiful and the story is more emotional.  My favorite scene is at the end, when a group of people gather around a balcony, with the characters looking at their reflections. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very emotional and poignant documentary about the lives of the children of war-torn families, one of the poorest and most helpless in the world. It is hard to know whether to laugh, cry, or even be angry with this inspiring and uplifting piece of work. It should be shown to anyone who does not have a heart.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had the great pleasure to see this film in the theatre and I am so glad I did. It is a great piece of work, and I don't know why, because I never really understood what I was watching. I found it intriguing, but when I got back home I went straight to the tape and started to listen to my tape. I still don't understand why I didn't go and see it all. I think maybe I was in awe of what I'd have to live through, but I am not that type of person. My heart is warm to see a film about the life of one of my childhood heroes. The acting is great, and the cast is great. The beautiful cinematography and beautiful colours make this a unique experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is not only entertaining, it's beautiful. It has great acting and beautiful cinematography. The story is simple and real and you don't have to be a big film buff to enjoy it.  If you like the movie then check out "Sakura Kill" it's an excellent action movie. It's got a lot of melodrama and romance and it's quite dark, it has a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie. I've seen it twice now and it is still a thrill to watch. The story may be a bit corripe than some of the newer Bollywood movies and I think that the main reason that this movie is so good is because it doesn't follow the typical Hollywood formula of movies that are produced for Indian audiences. I have seen it only once and I plan to see it again sometime soon. It is quite a good film with good dialog and visuals. The music is okay, the movie has a decent plot and it seems that most of the people who disliked this movie were probably Indian. I think it will have a much more impact on the Indian audience.  The movie has so many great performances by Priyadarshans and I'm glad that Amitabh Bachchan has a good role in it. It shows that Amitraj Chhaya is a good director and the main character in the movie was quite well done. There are lots of twists and turns in the plot, but the ending is a surprise. A good movie for anyone who loves to watch great Hindi movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    First off, I loved the first "Whale Music" from the BBC Music Office, and the second one, "Girlish Music", was my first introduction to the pleasures of hearing new music. It is a pleasure to watch a beautiful movie, which is not only in the nature of the Whale Music, but also a pleasure in hearing something new and creative.  This is a perfect story, told in a simple way, with great humour and fantastic photography.   I was very impressed by the fact that this is not considered an indie film, despite being made in the same year as "K-911" and "The Good Earth". I was impressed by how well the story flowed, and enjoyed the special effects. I could not believe how simple and realistic this movie was, as I would be extremely surprised if I ever considered watching a story this beautifully and fully realized. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie was very original and unique.The main character was played by a very talented and great actor who has since gone on to bigger and better roles.The story and the movie was excellent and unique and it was funny.I don't remember ever hearing of the movie. I have seen it many times and it still cracks me up.The ending was great, especially the ending which i thought was very fitting, but this movie is awesome! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title might have seemed a bit corny to me. I saw it on the big screen a few years ago and I was intrigued to see how it would compare to a film made in the 1940's.  It's not too far removed from those movies. I still have nightmares about the old "Hollywood blockbuster" of the day. But it is much more realistic than those films and I have nightmares when I see movies today that are nothing like that!   This movie reminds me of a lot of films from the 1930's. This movie also reminded me of the old films that Hollywood made during that time and still have the same effect on me today.  I have never seen any movie from the director of this great movie. So I can't really compare it to anything but "Hoos Gone Wild" and "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes" for sure.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am very pleased to say I have never been more impressed by a good film. It is well made, beautifully photographed and I am really impressed by how well it is put together. It makes you think and it makes me want to ask myself what can I do to a person that is a little too sensitive and to a certain degree is more than a person with an open mind. I also like the use of some of the actors who were in some of my favorite movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is so masterfully crafted that you can watch it over and over again. It will be like you are watching it again and again until you are satisfied.  I found the story to be great, especially from the beginning. The music is beautiful and the camera shots great. I especially like the way the music was used and the way they used the camera to move the characters around and create the different scenes.  The ending is so moving and beautiful, that you will go out and find it and laugh. This is a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie as a kid, and I have remembered it as a fun movie for the family to watch. My memory of it is fog wonderful and full of wonderful memories, and this is no exception. I have always enjoyed watching a movie that was set in the woods, and even enjoyed watching movies that were set in a completely different setting. I still have the movie in my collection and would love to see it again, it is so similar to other movies I have seen, and the movie is fun to watch and I am surprised that it is no longer available.  I have only seen the movie once, I am not sure why, and am surprised at the low rating of this movie, but the movie has really good acting and a good story to tell. I hope to one day get a chance to watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First, I'd like to mention that I enjoyed it. I am a fan of Stephen King and I have seen a lot of his work. I found it to be very intriguing and in some ways, it reminded me of the King book "One Shining summer".  This movie is also very similar to some of King's novels. It is a little too long and could've gone a lot longer if it was longer.   This is also a very powerful movie. It had great acting and great direction. I really hope this movie gets the greenlight soon and gets a release.  This was a fun movie to watch and it was awesome. I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen "The Good Earth" on television, and the movie was the funniest piece of the movie. It's about the relationship between a woman who is engaged to a guy, and her family who she visits in the village. Her mother is engaged, and is having trouble reconciling her own family life with her brother. Her sister is a librarian, and she is also engaged, but has fallen in love with the guy. Her brother is a doctor, and it is his wife who is the librarian's family who is suffering. Her life is like a fairy tale with the family and the whole village being in the picture.   The movie was funny. The main character is a very simple man. His main objective is to win the lady. He meets the lady with his brother in the kitchen and is very happy to have found someone who has fallen for him. The guy doesn't understand anything about the lady's life, but he loves her. The movie is good. The director has succeeded in creating a realistic movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very atmospheric and beautiful movie with stunning music and a surprisingly strong plot, although not as gory and violent as other of the similar movies that were made at the time. The film is a slow paced and well directed with great cinematography, the landscapes very breathtaking, the characters more human, the settings natural, the colours and settings natural. I think that this movie is a good masterpiece for all ages, for it deals with themes of youth, sexuality, religion, and life, but it's a pity more people see it because they're so afraid of the music and the violence that they're not afraid of them. I would like to see more of it, but my favourite movie of all time 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I just caught this film by accident on the Mplex channel, and enjoyed the way the characters in the film were able to interact, not only in the story, but also through their humor. The humor is great, and I hope this movie gets more exposure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen this in the mid 80's and I have remembered seeing it again, so I was very excited about seeing it. The opening scene was the most memorable moment of the movie. It was a good idea, but what really made me come back was the excellent performance of the four main characters. It is rare that a movie that has so many great performances and great great great movie performances from all the actors in a movie. A great movie with great performances from the four characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favourite characters is the one played by George Macready, and his scenes are among the most powerful and poignant. The plot is also interesting, but what it doesn't lack in depth is humour. I was surprised by the 'plot' in this film, and felt the performances of the various actors were also strong.  I was pleased with the portrayal of women in particular, but was most intrigued by the portrayal by George. I am sure there was a tremendous amount of talent in the cast, but I also enjoyed the character of the 'town drunk' as well as the fact that this was an unusual film.    This is a film that you could watch over and over again and still be completely entertained by the film. I also found myself quite confused by the fact this is not a film about the Vietnam war, which seems to be a typical Hollywood war movie, and instead focuses on the treatment of women. It could be a very disturbing film for anyone to watch over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very refreshing and beautiful movie. In the past few years, most movies about war and terrorism were either dull and heavy, or simply bad and boring, but with this movie, it is all about the beautiful setting and stunning photography. The movie is interesting, and at the same time, the movie is also very well done in every aspect of it. The ending of the movie makes it hard to believe that the story has not yet been told, and this is the first time that I have seen a movie about war, terror, and the aftermath of war.  I give this movie a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the acting and I like the story of the movie, which is quite different from the movie.  In the movie I see the young girl playing with her doll and we learn that she will be needing a lot of help.  My favorite scene is when she is playing with the doll again and we see the doll playing with a different doll. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First of all I must say that this is a very nice, charming, romantic comedy! The actors are also very good, especially the two main characters of the movie: the main heroine, Lena (Safra Garbo) and the main actor, Dafoe. I especially like the way the characters interact and the funny little situations that are very unusual for them, such as: Lena is in love with Dafoes, the main character of the entire movie, who seems to be the object of her obsession. Lena has to find out that Dafo is really a person, and not a movie, and will stop the movie before it ends.   The movie is full of romance, great comedy and a few good-natured moments. Very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen was "The General" which is about a former World War 2 Japanese military man, now living in modern Japan. The story is based on actual events.  It's been said that this movie was based on real events. I personally didn't see it that way. I only remember a few people saying so and their remarks seemed to contradict my own.   My main problem with "The Gunga Din" was the ending. When it came to that, I had mixed feelings because I thought it was too rushed. They might have added more details or changed the ending a bit. I was just glad I didn't feel like they went too deep. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, let me say that this movie is one of my favorite. I have always been a huge Ramones fan, but this was a wonderful film. If you are a fan of the band or the movie, then watch this movie, even if you don't care for the band, the movie is awesome. The songs are great, and the acting was great. And that's awesome. It's a great film. I give this a 10/10. 8/5. 7/5 from **** 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a remake of the original film, with the same actors, same settings, and all the same music. The main difference is the music. There is a lot of ambient music, and it fits perfectly in the movie. This movie is a perfect remake of that original movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of this movie has a lot of depth and it is very well done. The direction is great, the cinematography great and the beautiful colours great, and the score great. The beautiful cinematography works very well, and I love the beautiful landscapes and the landscapes in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was always kind of a big Tom Robbins fan, and I never knew the Tom Robbins books were written by him, so I was thrilled when I heard that he was finally going to release a movie!  I am surprised that he made a great movie, but this is an awesome movie, with awesome special FX, fantastic special effects, great special effects (which makes me want to see all the amazing stuff in the movie), great special FX (with awesome special effects and amazing special FX), great music (which I would never have heard of), great performances by all the actors (great performances, awesome special performances), great FX (great special FX and awesome special effect FX), brilliant special FX(great special effects), great Music (great music), great directing and great beautiful FX. I loved it!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well done and great movie. It is very disturbing and disturbing. It has good and evil in it. The ending is disturbing and I hope that this will make you angry. If you can't take your eyes away from this brilliant film, then you have to take your kids and have them watch it.  I'm not sure how or why this film isn't more well known. It's hard to find. I can't think of any reasons why this hasn't been widely distributed. It just isn't a mystery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well made movie with good acting and good direction.The movie was beautifully directed and acted.I recommend this movie to everyone.I hope you don't forget this one and enjoy it again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a great film. I found myself comparing it to "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" when I was a kid. It was more interesting to watch the story of the two animals. The story of two animals finding out that they need each other was great. This was a wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've read the other reviews before, and have only seen this movie once, so I was very excited to finally see it! I have been waiting all year for this movie to come out, and I must say that I was surprised. It is a very impressive and moving movie! I can't wait to see this movie! It is one of the masterpieces in all of Hollywood, and it has been said that they should all be removed from the movie. The music is very good, and the acting is masterfully beautiful.  I really don't understand why they didn't all just make the music and the cinematography stand out. If you watch this you will not miss anything. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen this movie on the Berlin Film Festival, and I have to say I found it very fascinating, and it is also quite sad. It is about a middle aged woman (Floriane) who discovers her daughter's dream, which is to meet her deceased sister's (Maria Schrader) and become a witch. The movie tells the story of how a dream can turn into reality, and Floriane is the main character in the movie. The main character is Maria Schrader, the daughter of the famous director, Ernst Lubitsch. She is married to her husband's (Antwerp) son. Her dreams have come true, and she is now in the hospital with her dreams coming true, with her husband.  The movie has a very dark and sad ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised by the way it was filmed and edited. The scenes were masterfully crafted to create suspense and interest. The pacing was masterfully smooth. The cinematography beautiful. The beautiful music. I would recommend this movie to anyone interested in movies. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has been banned in Germany. This movie is not like a Hollywood movie. The acting and beautiful scenics make this movie great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an era of high brow, low brow, grunge and grunge music, we should all know and learn from this movie that there is a place for everything.   The acting is superb from all the actors and the settings masterfully crafted and beautifully photographed. I love the way the film is shot, the way it blends the visual elements together in a seamless flow, and the way they blend the music. The beauty of the film lies in the brilliant visual effects. The colours, the shapes, the lighting, the mood, and everything else that the eye touches in the film works beautifully together.  The songs are unique, and not a song is made. I have seen a number of the songs sung by the main characters in other films, and I have also noticed a number that is very much like one of the main character's own song. I feel that this is what this film is all about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's one of those masterpieces that never fails to entertain. This film is not as good as "Night of the Living Dead", which is often considered the benchmark for a good film. "Dead Alive" is a well-made film with good acting and great special effects. The film is the second installment in the zombie series, and is just as gruesome as the first one, and I think the film is actually better than the first, which was a very good film in my opinion. The characters are all very believable, and although the movie is very bloody, it is not so gory that you will never want to see it again. The special effects are very impressive, but they work very well in the overall design. I was very impressed with the "zombies" in this film, and it was a really creepy and frightening experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was a great movie and it showed a very good and interesting story. It was interesting, a story of some sort, and very well done, with a good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been removed from its DVD release. Why? I would love to be able to see this movie again, if only to understand it a bit more. My rating has grown since I saw it a few years ago, and it's pretty much the perfect blend of realism and humour. It has the full range of emotion and is not in any way formulaic and predictable, but also is not so heavy-handed. I think this movie really shows that there is a genuine need for positive, uplifting messages in the world, and that people have very strong feelings.  If anyone has seen the movie, please let me know. I would like to be surprised. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a movie that you can watch over and over again with your friends. It is a very emotional movie. It makes you cry and gives you hope. I am a student, I really wanted to see this movie again and I was surprised when I got a call from my dad telling me to go to the movie. My first reaction was, Wow, great film! But I was so great master of my emotions and wonderful performances. I was amazed and surprised. Thank you so much for the wonderful film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   If you've never seen this movie, you haven't seen anything special at all. This is a great, well-made and entertaining movie. The plot is a classic, but the performances are superb. I really liked the acting from the very beginning to the very end. It is a mix of romantic comedy, thriller and action.  The characters are interesting, and not to mention very believable. The film is good, and I like it very much. It has a great ending, so I would strongly recommend this movie to any movie-goer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I must say I am not a big fan of the original movie, I liked the remake. I am a big sci-fi fanatic and I liked The Sixth Sense. I liked a lot of things, but I don't think this is one of masterpieces. The best movie of all time!  The main thing that made this movie great was the beautiful landscapes, specially the beautiful Fall shots. The story was fantastic, but the special effects and beautiful landscapes are amazing, and so are the characters. The cast is amazing. I hope they keep it up!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very original and touching movie, I like it because it is a love story between 2 parents. They are divorced with 1 child each, their youngest daughter (Penny) is in an institution, and they are both are living together in the institution. Theirs life and relationship problems have not been the best in their lives, so they both need the child and they need someone to be there for them. The child is a beautiful, sweet child, and Penny is a very beautiful, kind mother who has a child with no money or relatives. I like that aspect of it. I really don't understand the whole story because I don't care. I just enjoy the cute, pretty, and loving characters. The movie was well filmed, and well directed. I give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a woman who comes back to her childhood village to take care of her family, which is now run by her mother and her brother, is very intense. The pace is fast and the script is great masterfully crafted. This is the perfect movie for anyone who likes an emotional and honest depiction of the real life experiences of a mother and son in a small Chinese village. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't remember when I first saw the film. It was a lovely, dark comedy about the relationship of a father and son, who get in a fight, and then the son is hit by a car and dies.  The movie starts of well, with some characters in a hospital, and a hospital is mentioned, but then it masterfully evolves to become a touching story about loss, and all that.  This is a great movie, and it will appeal to all.  I'm hoping the sequel, "The Return of The Living Dead", will be better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first 30 minutes or so of this is fantastic, but after that great acting and great music, great music and great beautiful landscapes, brilliant images and stunning beauty, wonderful images, magnificent settings, breathtaking images, breathtaking cinematography, stunning music, beautiful and stunning photography, stunning imagery, great performances and great settings and settings. This is one of the masterpieces of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a simple and funny movie. It's very simple and cute. I'm glad it won't disappoint people who have a soft spot for children, or people who like animals. It was cute, and the characters were all very unique and very human. The animals were adorable, and their dialogs and personalities were so funny. I hope this movie makes more people like me happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie isn't for everyone.  It's a good mix of action, suspense, romance, humour and a good story.  The plot has some great twists and turns. It is a very intense, hard-to-follow thriller with lots of twists and one big surprise at the end.  This film is a pretty good film for people who like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My biggest problem with the movie was how great it was. The masterfully crafted, beautifully filmed, and wonderfully acted movie made it seem real. A real, gritty, and hard life.  The other great aspect was the beautiful, breathtaking music score by Paul Bothers. The music was beautiful and the story, although dark and hard-boiled, was powerful and realistic.  It also gave me chills when I heard the voices of the little girls singing. I had to pinch myself when I saw the beautiful cinematography, the beautiful location, and the beautiful soundtrack. The best thing was the movie reminded me of "A Man Called Sledgehammer" by William H. Macy, and that's when I felt like my life was truly going to change.   Overall, I'd give this beautiful movie a perfect 10/10. 7.5 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the first episode.  The first episode was an incredible brilliant idea, and it made me think about how the writer would use the story to bring about a revolution. I thought this episode, as well as the next, was brilliant. The actors were great and the story brilliantly thought out. I have never seen such beautiful characters, in such great detail, and I am shocked that this series, which I hope to make available, will never be released on DVD. I am not surprised, I have just seen the show, and all I can say is, I am absolutely delighted to be a part of this wonderful show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at a preview screening in Melbourne, Australia, where I was lucky enough to see it in all it's glory! It is a great film, and I would recommend it to anyone who likes a movie.  The story is a very interesting one, and there are some scenes where the movie is a bit cheesy (for example, the scene in the car park was very dramatic and I think there was too much of a plot to be able to realise).  There are some very good quotes to be made about this movie, which are, as I said, quite cheesy! The actors do an amazing job, especially the lead actress, who really has to be credited with great performances, but in all I think she is fantastic and stunning.  A great film with a good plot, great acting and great music.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason I rated this film so high is because I enjoy seeing a great story. However, to me, the most moving and heart-breaking story of a man who has overcome real problems and real consequences, this movie touched me in my heart and I don't know if I will ever be able to see such a great movie again.  This movie has great acting, great cinematography and great writing. It also has a great theme song by Hans Zimmer.  I give this movie a 9/10. 10/10 great movie. 10 Stars. 10.5 Out Of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen the original film many times. I was curious to see the whole story and I found this film to be excellent. I like the fact that this movie was made in a very small town in a small country town and yet all the people seem to have been raised there. Also I like that in the first film the main character was a bit eccentric and didn't seem to follow the whole plot. I didn't really like the whole film. I liked the acting of all the cast members and I think the direction is great also. I have to say that I think that this film is good, it has an interesting plot, it also has great acting, and I liked it all. I recommend this to anyone who likes a good film with a good story. I give this film a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you were to pick up a copy of this wonderful movie, it would be the perfect companion piece to "Porno Paradis" and "A Night At The Roxbury".  "O Nolo Mio" is one of the masterpieces of the Italian cinema in the 1970's. "O nolo MIO" is also one of those masterpieces that is so much more than the sum of its parts. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this movie, I don't understand why everyone hates it. The story is great, but the acting brilliant, and the beautiful cinematography perfect. It's so beautiful, and I am not able to understand how it is, beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It's the first feature that's really worth watching. It's simple and funny and I think it's the perfect companion piece to the equally brilliant and enjoyable 'Fantastic Planet' (although the latter is better than the former).  'Funny' films are something that should be seen for all the wrong reasons, which are pretty much the same reasons that people watch sports films. They are a fun time for laughs and it's a sad time for people to forget their troubles and to be happy and warm again.  The title 'Furious' isn't anything particularly exciting, and it will probably bore you to tears. The main actors are all excellent and so are the various minor characters.  I've just finished watching it and I can't wait to see it again. A real classic! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen many films that are good but this is one brilliant masterpiece. A well done and very original piece of work. I've never seen anything that detailed this case before. This film is about the real person, the real girl, the girl who never got to grow up and become a strong independent woman. The movie is about life, about how she took the road to become a mature woman and become independent. This is an interesting film, which I recommend to anyone interested in a true story. It's not all about sex and it's not a boring movie. I am surprised that this movie isn't on VHS and not DVD. I do hope that it eventually will be released on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are interested in the film, there are some spoilers here:    First, the film has a great acting from the main actors, but it is very realistic, and you have to be convinced. The scenes where the two main characters are talking to each other, and it is not just acting, the movie is brilliant and works perfectly. Also, I have to say that the movie reminded me of the end of 2001: A Space Odyssey, and I really wanted to thank the talented cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a story that has been told before many times, and that in itself is an indication of its impact. But, as is true of many of the films made during that time, this one is an exceptional masterpiece. It does not take away from the great story or the excellent acting of the two main characters. It simply celebrates the extraordinary friendship that exists between the two primary actors, and there is an interesting and heart-warming story of their mutual struggle to survive.    The film is, like all his films, a story of life, in which the characters have their struggles, and is ultimately at its most desperate. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when it first came out in 1968 and I haven't regretted it. The way that it shows a family's interaction with the young is powerfully portrayed.  The scenes are all filmed very well and the sound is great. I have never heard of this movie before, and I have been looking for it on IMDb since. I am surprised. I really want to see it again.    This movie is a very good, funny, and touching story. It has a very slow pace and a very natural look to it.  It tells about a couple of old friends and their struggles with aging. They are struggling to survive in the city and they do not have any money to be able to enjoy the city. The movie shows how they are able to survive by relying on friends, family, and animals.  I recommend it to anyone who is interested in a depressing story or anyone who has nothing else to do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie that i watched on July 4th, 2003, when i saw it first on the Mplex channel, and I really loved it. I had heard the plot before and knew that it was going to be about the search for the lost kids of the family, so i was very happy with the fact that it stayed true to the movie. I think this movie is brilliant, and it is so funny. I watched this film with my best friend and we were so excited, we actually stopped laughing and just took it in, and enjoyed the experience.  My advice to anyone interested in the lost children is to watch this movie, and if you do not like it then you probably do not have much sense of humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie with some friends and the movie blew me away. I saw this movie when it first came out and I was amazed at how well it held up. The acting was wonderful great and the cinematography great masterfully captured the emotion of the day. It was great use of natural settings and great use also of the natural light and shadows. The use of the colors and the use of different colors for different parts made the movie great. The story of the life of the two main characters and the lives of the others was wonderfully realistic and so understandable. The movie was very emotional, touching and full of beautiful natural landscapes and natural scenes. I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to understand this story and to anyone interested in the movie industry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so great! It's very emotional and beautiful, and I have to be honest, a few scenes are just plain funny and the others are very dramatic. I think this movie is a great film! The best scene is the ending, which is so powerful and has the right feeling. I give this movie a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A fascinating look at the relationship between a mother and a father. What a fascinating look, that is!   I love the relationship of the mother and father, the mother being a mother, and the father being a father, and I also think the story line is interesting, and a great deal of my life has been spent in trying to understand the mother's and father's lives. I don't think it is a boring movie, but a wonderful one.   9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way, this was an excellent film.  I thought the story was intriguing, although I thought it was an interesting film. I enjoyed the way the characters were developed and acted out.  The cinematography was great, especially the use of real locations and beautiful settings, and I enjoyed how the characters interacted in these beautiful places.  There are also some beautiful shots in the movie, and there is not much music, which was a big plus. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an interesting watch, but I don't think the ending will leave you satisfied.  The film is light and funny and the cast is good, too, so I'm going to give the summary here.  If you want to watch a great comedy, you're going to love this film. It's just light hearted fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As I am reading this, I have to agree with the previous comment. This is the masterful, beautifully crafted, beautifully acted and masterfully crafted movie. I am so glad I saw it. It was beautifully filmed and beautifully sung.  I don't think I will ever forget it. I have a soft spot for the 'ragged' and I was so impressed by the way the movie was put together, the direction, the casting and the acting. It is my very favorite movie. The acting is superb and I love the way each and every actor in this wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic and uplifting movie, and it's very funny and it doesn't bash your brains down your head, but it makes you feel what she did and then it makes it all better. The script is very interesting and I would highly recommend it. The cinematography is amazing. The actors are great, and the movie is funny. I would love to see it again. I'd buy it! I'm a mom, so I have to watch it, and I think my husband and his friends will enjoy it as much as me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film to be inspiring. This is an intense, suspenseful, and suspense filled film. It focuses on a father, a father-son, and a brother, all of whom find themselves in a desperate situation. They are being chased by a family of bears, and as such, it's up to their courage to survive. This movie shows how they are able to overcome this.  The ending is disturbing, but I found it to be one of the most powerful and chilling endings I have seen in the history of movie making. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the Tribeca Film Festival in November 2005 with friends and they all enjoyed it as much as I did.  The acting was great, the cinematography brilliant, and the beautiful Fall shots fantastic. The acting is great, especially by Ed Harris as the film's director.  My favorite scene is when the two guys are talking about the nature of fall shots, and they are both in perfect form. The scene is in perfect shot, with the shots moving smoothly together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this film, it has a great plot, and i loved it, and so do you. I hope you do enjoy this film as much as me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, it's really the masterpieces, not the typical Hollywood fare. This movie, however, is a good one. It's more of a realistic movie with good production design. It doesn't fall into the typical formula Hollywood fare of shoot, edit and forget and just shoot and forget, and the acting is great, especially the two leads. One thing I will say about the movie is that it has one of those endings where the two lead characters meet each other, as if they have known each other since childhood and they just happen to be in the right place at the right time. It makes the entire movie great, not just the great acting.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the perfect mix of drama and romance. The story of two siblings, their struggle and how they overcome the obstacles in their lives is one of the many stories in the world that doesn't involve two people.   There are some examples of the worst. The relationship between a mother and her daughter is one that should be done, done properly. But as it turns out, they don't have enough together to work it out.  It has some moments. It is hard to say what they are. The ending is very emotional, but in a very believable and loving way.  I recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason to see this is if you are a big movie fan, or a big fan of John Hughes, or even a John Hughes fan. If you are like me and enjoy big movies, then this is the movie for you.  If you enjoy watching the movie, you will find yourself laughing and nodding a lot, because you will remember how great this movie was. The movie is a great masterpiece of humor and a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Gloria" is the first film from director Walter Salles auteuil, who also helmed the acclaimed "Mons Vivant" - his first feature film - a masterpiece of black magic rituals, witchcraft, human sacrifice, and demonic possession.  The cast is strong with "Fanny" as a fine actress, with "Skelton" (Rochester) and "Powell" (Mancuso) providing good performances. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was very impressed by this film. It's simple and very good at first. There are great performances from both the two leads. It was nice to see them both with the same face. I also like the plot. It keeps the movie interesting and a lot of people seem to be bored.   Also I liked the beautiful scenery of the beach. I recommend this film to any one who likes a good story and a good view of the ocean. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that is very entertaining. It has good acting and great directing. All of this works together beautifully. A good film for anyone to watch over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A delightful and surprising little movie.  I don't know why people get so wound up about this movie. I just enjoy it for the simple fact that it tells a story about a person with a long history, that you can't help but become engrossed in the story of a man who had a heart attack, that his wife died, and that he, his family, and the people he's surrounded by die in the process.   I have to say, the beautiful scenery and the fantastic acting all make this film a must see. I can't think of anything else that will do this movie justice. I wish they made a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, the movie is great. I love all the acting, especially the wonderful performances by Gackt, Hyde, Jang, and more. I'm not a fan of drama, but I was surprised with this movie. The scenes were well thought out and beautifully filmed, and I really loved how the actors played their roles. The story is great, and the story flowed smoothly and beautifully. The ending is awesome, and there is great music throughout the movie. I give this movie a 7/10, and that's just my opinion. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, the title of this movie is not the movie that it was not intended to be. A good film for anyone to see and enjoy.  The movie is a good, if a depressing story of one family in their early 70s. The actors are good, and the movie is good, but there is no reason to not enjoy it. I do hope that there will be a sequel to this movie, although this is not a sequel of this masterpiece.   I give this movie a 7.5 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've just finished watching this movie. It's one of my favorite films of all time. I love it and hope the other 10 people do as well. I would love to have seen it again, but this is a very good film.  I would have liked to see this film again, I have been looking for it. It was beautiful and I didn't want to spoil anything. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had a great time watching this movie with my girlfriend. She was so captivating and I found myself being moved by her every move and expression. I also found myself getting lost in the story of this young girl who is going to be a mum. This is a great film that everyone should see. I am unsure what people will say.  I would love to see this again, but I am a parent of a young child, and I would not want to let this chance to experience this wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As for the plot, the film is intriguing and entertaining. The pace and the pacing are perfect. The action is quick and exciting and the camera moves smoothly. The cast is also quite good, and so is the direction and the direction. The cinematography and the brilliant score make this film a must see. I was surprised by the beauty of the cinematography of the beautiful Italian countryside, the beautiful and stunning scenery, and the fantastic setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of my favorite scenes is at the beginning when Samantha is on her way to a phone sex client. The scene is a nice one. The music is great and there are a lot of great erotic songs and sexy dancing sequences. I like the idea of having sex with a prostitute and I like having sex without a client. It is a real sensual and sensual experience. I have seen a lot better sex movies.  I don't want to give anything away, but this is one good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is really amazing! I don't know if it was the wonderful cinematography and beautiful story that made me enjoy this film. The beautiful cinematography in the film and great directing by James V.O'Brien really made this film great. It is an excellent and great film that has a lot of great performances. I have seen it many times and I still find it shocking and disturbing. The main theme is the mother who is still living in the house and is haunted by an unknown entity. The actors did a great job and I was very surprised with the ending and was really surprised by the ending. This movie really shocks you. It doesn't go in a straight line and doesn't have any boring parts. You have to think about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie when I was about 15 years old and I still love it. It is the only movie I saw as a kid that scared me as much as the original. It scared me even as a child. The only thing that scared us as kids were the creepy noises in the woods. And I still hate those woods today. I still wish that I had nightmares of those woods when I grew up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces in the history of the Indian cinema. It is a tribute to the magnificent visual arts of India.  The plot of the film revolves around a plot of ancient indian temples, and the lives of the priests and the sacrifices made there. The film is a good film for showing the different aspects of the ancient india temples and the different customs practiced there.  A good movie, with a lot of special effects and great music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this movie for more than a year now and I found this very beautiful story of a couple in a long-term relationship with a mutual friend to be very touching and at times painful. This movie is a love story, a life-affair, a real-life situation and it was difficult to know how much of this was real. I found the real-to-life aspect touching and sad at times.  The best scene is the one where the two are in the middle of the road, a long way home, as the friend is telling them their life story, and the two seem to be in a real hurry to get there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the movie, it was the first time I saw a movie with Kevin Spacey in it, I am a huge Sci-fi fan and love Sci-Fi. I liked the idea of a super hero who can go back in time and kill those who threaten his loved ones.  It was a good idea, I hope I get to see the sequel, I'm surprised this is the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am going to start with the other comments first. I have to say, wow fantastic great movie. Great acting, great direction, brilliant masterful great directing, great music, great cinematography masterfully crafted beautiful and great beautiful cinematography perfect perfection. Great great great acting, brilliant great directing and great great beautiful visuals. Brilliant cinematography, beautiful great great great cinematographic masterpieces. Fantastic visual story, brilliant music, superb great great film. Brilliant great cinemas, great great masterpieces, fantastic fantastic great music and great masterful photography. Great masterpieces that make you go "wow", wow. Wow wow...wow! Wow! Wow awesome. Wow awesome! Wow beautiful. Wow amazing. Wow great great. Wow brilliant, stunning. Wow beautiful, fantastic. Wow magnificent, great master piece. I don't know how to describe this movie in words. I can only think of one word that describes it best: Perfection. Perfect perfection. Perfection is what a masterpiece should look like. Perfect. Brilliant. Perfect and beautiful. Perfect, perfect. Brilliant beautiful beautiful beautiful, brilliant, perfect great and beautiful movie. Amazing masterpieces in a perfect world, brilliant art. Beautiful cinematography. Beautiful beautiful great acting. Brilliant stunning masterpieces of photography. Brilliant and great cinemation. Beautiful great beautiful film. Perfect for all audiences. Excellent movie, perfect for everyone. Wow stunning! Wow stunning and amazing! Wow wonderful! Wow perfect and amazing. Brilliant awesome. Brilliant amazing. Beautiful, amazing. Perfect masterpiece. Perfect masterpieces made in a beautiful world. Amazing and beautiful, amazing amazing. I wonder how many people are going to like this movie. I hope that this will become one of my favorite movies, maybe one of the best. I'm surprised that it didn't. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I've seen the story of a woman, played by Amanda Burton, who is trying to make her life into a "normal" life after a career as a model, in which she tries to move on with her life and not just take a "ladies" vacation every week. It is a great story for anyone who likes to see a story that makes you laugh and make you angry, as well as those who want to see movies that are good for all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie that every horror movie fan should see. It has a great ending and good scare effects. The music is perfect for this movie and it's scary. The scares are great especially from the beginning and the ending. The cast is great especially the actors who played the main roles in this great movie. I give this movie a 9/10 brilliant. 10/5! 10/ masterfully crafted movie! 10 stars!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of this film is very creative. The acting masterfully shows the power of a simple story to transcend time.  The actors portray very human characters. The movie is a powerful experience. The story is very powerful and you feel what happens to the characters, as well as the audience, in a very real way.  It is very scary, very disturbing, very depressing and very sad.  This movie was directed well. The best part of it is the beautiful music and the beautiful cinematography.  I would recommend this movie to anyone. I would love to know why this movie was never released. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very well made and well acted movie, a classic with a very good plot. The basic plot was quite simple, with the same characters, very good acting and great comedy. The only really funny scenes were the first 20 minutes, the rest was great fun. A very enjoyable experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real romantic horror movie. I would recommend it to any guy or girl who likes to be scared. The cast is great, I especially liked the lovely M.C. Gainey and the beautiful Gwyneth Paltrow. The movie was fun and scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great example of the story of a man who realizes his wife is having an affair and then finds a way to get in on it. This movie isn't for the squeamish movie goer. It's a fun, sexy and sad movie. I'd suggest you don't watch this movie alone. You'll regret it after you've seen it. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. I have seen it at least a hundred times and I haven't seen anything else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful and interesting film. The plot is simple and interesting, with the main character being a photographer/vigilante who is going around killing people who are in his way of trying to do something serious with his life. The main character is a talented photographer, who has been working on the side for over 25 years, and has done amazing things, like taking pictures of some of the most important people in the world, and getting them to do amazing things with them.   The story is very interesting and can be seen from many different points of view. The ending is very good, but this movie can be viewed in many different ways. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It has been some years since I saw this movie. I have since watched it again and again. I still find it hard to believe how realistic it was. The script and acting and cinematography beautifully captures the emotions of a person that has lost their loved ones. It was a powerful movie, the cinematography beautiful. I would have loved to have seen this movie again. It is a must see. 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story of this movie was an adventure in which two women, who are traveling by car, encounter an unexpected crisis when the two women meet with their family's close friend. The situation seems to be serious and the two go on a journey of selflessness, learning to love each other and find a place of meaning in the world.  The movie has many moments of humor, especially from the actors, and the director has a very good sense of humor.  I really liked the movie and found it to be a good film, with many memorable moments. I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who likes to laugh at the same time as watching The Secret Diary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I have been doing for quite some time now, I am happy to see that so many of you have not seen this brilliant and poignant movie. It is a pity because it is not really "B" movies but more "stories". It was quite unusual for me to see a movie that was good. It wasn't like some of the other movies. The whole movie was unique and beautiful. I don't think there is such a thing as an all time classic. I just think that this movie is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you were to ask me what my all time favorite film is, it would be THE CURE (1980), but since I don't know how to describe it, I'll just say that it is a wonderful, fascinating, but creepy and very, very strange (it is very strange) horror movie.  I think that this movie is one of masterpieces, but for a change. The first thing that struck me is how strange and yet terrifying this movie was. I've seen a lot of horror movies, and it is the most frightening one I've ever seen.  This movie was also very intriguing, but I was afraid of this movie, because it is very scary, and I didn't want to give anything away, so I kept my expectations high, and didn't think anything was going to happen. So I was very happy with the movie. Very unique and creepy, and a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film for the director and the co-writer was 'The House That Dripped Blood'.  This was a gripping but realistic horror film. It is no blood-drenched film about a bloodthirsty cannibal, but a chilling story about an insomniac and a vampire who have come together for a terrifying night.  The story is a chilling, terrifying and powerful one. The acting is great and the haunting is very believable. The plot is very suspenseful and very disturbing.  This film is a very scary and chilling night that will keep you awake. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like The Cat and the Canary then I am sure you will enjoy this movie. If you don't like the movie then I'm glad to have you see it. I would love to know if you are a girl, but if you like a boy, I'm sure you have seen this movie already.  I would like to recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is based on the true story of a couple who came to an island and got lost and lost their way back to their family.  A man finds his way to a cabin and he brings with him a strange man and a strange woman.  The man and woman come to an interesting conclusion that could change the course of their lives forever.  In a nutshell this is a wonderful movie that could be easily missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm always up for a good one, and this was one of those gems. This is a beautiful film, shot in a beautiful setting, filled with excellent acting and great special effects. It was very enjoyable and i recommend it to anyone. It is the second film in the series after "The Secret of NIMH", the first being "The House of Games" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a former soldier who is now a psychologist, who has a very good life and has fallen in love with a very beautiful woman. He spends his time with her, and they get into a fight and he gets killed.   This was the first film in which I was able to see the relationship between a psychologist and a soldier.  It was also the first time I was very angry at a movie, and I found it very disturbing.  This movie is very disturbing and I think I would like to recommend it to my own friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not very knowledgeable of this film and it surprised me when I read that it was not directed by a top-notch director. It is a very intriguing film with great performances and great cinematography. I can say that I enjoyed the last scenes more than the rest of the film, so that could explain my disappointment. The great scene is the one when a girl is walking through a forest and sees a fox cub. She is scared and runs to a tree and hides under the branches. I like that scene, but I was shocked by the other scenes in the film. Overall, great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie for what it was intended to be. I liked it for the beautiful cinematography and the lovely romantic scene. It made me feel like a real person, but I still could not stop laughing because every second, i was glued to the screen. I just love it! If you like indie movie, you will like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm very pleased with this movie, which is the first of the "Love in the Ruins" series I've seen. It is a very sweet movie, with a very nice story and well thought out and directed performances from all the actors, and it is quite frightening and I found it disturbing and disturbing. I really liked the ending and the acting of all the characters in this movie. The main character is a girl who finds out that she can never go back to normal.   The acting is great, I've never seen a horror film with such beautiful special effects, and the direction is stunning. I like it very much, and I'm glad that this movie is not too bad, it will make me like this series more.  7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title, I believe, is a tribute to the brilliant Mr. Antonioni. In fact, the director used Antonion's famous Moonlight Serenade to great effect in the film.  The story follows the lives of two middle-aged Italian men, an intelligent and romantic one (Cary), and a lazy, amorous one (Rizzo), both of whom are struggling to get a career, both of them struggling for happiness. But there is a problem with the plot. The first two characters are drawn from Antonionio's other works (La Sanguinusa, The Bicycle Thief), but their story, although simple and straightforward, isn't quite as complicated as the plot to be told.  Rizzo is a man of ambitious ambitions and dreams of making his own life as he has been portrayed in several previous Antonionist films, yet it's a dream that has come true in his life. He has a job in a factory where he is to assist in the preparation of an omelette that will be sold to the highest bidder. When the omelet comes to be put on the table, the man realizes that the only person he can help to prepare it will be the Italian factory owner (Carrutti) who has been to see the odelette. So he does something crazy and starts to have hallucinations, which causes a nightmare that will take place.  This is a very disturbing story that keeps you guessing the answers to the main question: how can you become a doctor when you've been a psychologist? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with a nice and simple scene. An old man is washing his car in his garage. He is then seen with his wife on the stairs of their home. A few minutes later a beautiful shot of a woman washing a car is shown.  I love the opening scene and am really surprised with it. The plot is very good and the action is very exciting. I really liked the characters and their reactions to the situations. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love horror movies, and this is one of the masterpieces. This is the story of a family that comes home from work one day and finds the house they used to live in has been torn down. The family, which includes the mother, father, and two young children are all living together in the same house, and as the mother and the two children get freaked out about it, they try to escape from their room to find the safety of a big tree, so they can take revenge on the mysterious family who have taken their rightful home.  This is a scary movie with good scares, and I love the music. It is the perfect combination of the freaky music and the scary movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie enchanting and hilarious and I loved it. I do not expect much from this film, and I found it surprising that I was not entertained by it as it was made for me. I think this film could have easily become one of my 10 favorite movies of all time. It has a good plot and is quite shocking. The actors are excellent. The film is quite touching and contains many surprises.  I do think that this movie was made in the early to mid 1980's, but I would love to see a version with different actors. It would have been great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love watching this show. It's one of my guilty pleasures. I enjoy watching the first season of House, House, and now I'm waiting for the second season. I also enjoy the movies and am very curious to see what the future holds for the series.  I do not know what will happen next.  This show is funny and very cute.  The writing and characters are unique and I hope there will be more episodes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a time of constant video release, this is the perfect companion piece to 'The Great Race', 'The Out Of Town Hero', 'In The Line Of Fire', 'A Streetcar Named Desire', 'To Die For', 'Last House On The Left' and 'The Man With The Gun'.  This is the story of a very dedicated, dedicated and brave young Australian soldier who, after the death of his father in Afghanistan, returns to Australia to try to bring some meaning and purpose to life, but when a young woman comes into his life, he's all out to kill her for his father's sake.  There is one scene that sticks out for me, and it's at the beginning when a small boy's friend is talking about the events of the past that may have led to the murder of the Australian soldier, and he asks the soldier "what made you realise the things you have thought about in the past?". The soldier replies " I have learnt to be true to my father's ways". This makes me think, that perhaps if there wasn't someone to tell him what he should think about, he would realise that it was not his father who was murdered.  I also found the other scenes that occurred, such as the one where the soldier tells his mother what he has learnt about war and how he has become a soldier. When he says he'll go back to work, she says "If you want to go back, I think you'll be a better soldier".  It also has a great bit of symbolism.    'A Shot At The Gallows' is also the second entry in the Bad Movie Trilogy, the first being 'A Double Life'. I enjoyed this, but I do have a question for the director - why didn't the 'Double Life' one go to the hospital? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The premise is simple enough, as is the way the story is developed. The story is about a mother and son, as they are preparing to meet for their vacation. They have a lovely little cabin in the woods and decide to take a swim, which brings them to the lake. After they have finished swimming, the mother and her son discover that the pond has formed around them and they need to leave.  This film is a wonderful film to watch. The camera is well-shot, although there are plenty of scenes in the film that are a bit jarring, but overall, it is a great film. It is worth renting to anyone who wants to experience something different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a viewer, you will see that this movie is well done and so is the story. In the beginning, there are some great scenes of the movie and the story is great. It's a very good story and you will get bored quickly.  The actors are very good. They're very good in their roles and the movie is great and it's a great movie.  I like the story and the directing of this movie. I also like the special effects, the beautiful cinematography and the great acting of all the actors.  All in all, this movie has great acting, beautiful cinematographic and great special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating movie. One of the many underrated American classics from the 30's to the 50's, the story has been lost and the legend has grown. The acting is excellent, and the camera is great use of brilliant locations. This was one of the last releases before the Motion Picture Production Code was strictly enforced.  I have been looking for this movie for years, and finally found a copy on Ebay. I am a bit shocked that this movie was not in black and white, it's a bit reminiscent of a 'Jaws' movie.   My favourite scene is the opening sequence. The movie is excellent and the first part is a bit boring. The film was well made and well-directed, I think it's not too much of a loss to an already established public. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of my favorite movie of all time. It was so creative and so creative. It made me feel like I was in the director's place.  It's very touching, but not shallow, which means you have to go into the movie with a certain mind. The director knows that his audience wants something more, so he gives the audience something to be excited about. He also made the audience feel that he knew them personally.  In conclusion, I enjoyed this movie and recommend everyone to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked the movie and the acting. The story is really good.The characters are all very different. I don't think you could predict the story after watching this movie.I think the best part of the movie is the ending. I think this is the best movie I have ever seen. It is a great story.I really hope everyone sees this movie and is able to enjoy it.The movie is about a group of teens who were in love with each other and get to experience real life.The last part of this movie shows what their life has been like. It was really sad.The actors did a great job also. I hope everyone gets to experience this movie as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I like all of the Star Wars films and this was no exception. It was beautifully crafted, with superb special effects, a great soundtrack and a good storyline. It wasn't over the top, but I think you could compare it to the other 'Jedi' films and find it to be very similar.  All in all a great movie! 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterfully conveys the plight of the two main characters: a widower and a widow. The characters are drawn from the lives of a small group of people living in the village. A couple is drawn to each other, and the plot develops in the middle of the film.  The plot is not as simple as it may sound. It is very complex. The first person has a very different view from the second person. The film is also directed in a very beautiful color. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an animated movie. The characters are well developed, and the story is interesting and creative. The story is about the friendship of a cat and mouse, and how they overcome their differences. I think the animation is amazing, and I love the way the characters interact. It makes the whole movie great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was great, but the acting brilliant. I had to recommend this movie to anyone interested in a good story. I loved the movie and I think the movie is good for all ages. It's not like the typical Hollywood fare of action, explosions and explosions. The story is really interesting and you really don't take your eyes off the screen during the movie. It does not take long before you are engaged in the action. It is pretty intense. A great movie, but not as good as a lot of movies I have seen. I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for any fan of sci-fi and the "new wave" of film-making. It's a fascinating look at the relationship between a father and son in the old Republic, the relationship of a father's love of his son, the mother's love for her daughter, and the life expectancy of the population.  It's hard to tell what motivates these guys. They don't seem to be fighting against something; they are living in a beautiful environment and enjoying life, even though they live in the dark. The story is very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie had great reviews, but if you like the original, this is a good film. It is the only movie that I have seen that was as close to the original as this movie was. I am very pleased with the DVD release as it was not too long after I bought the original movie. I think it is a very good movie with good special effects and great special FX. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked "The Incredible Mr. Limpet", you will love "The Deadly Weapon" - another fun movie that will not let you down.  The only negative aspect of the movie is that it is not a straight sequel, and that is because there are no "new" characters and it will not go the same route as "The Amazing Mr.Limpet" and "The Dead Code".  "The deadly weapon" is a fun watch with some great music, but it is a "re-play" of the original.   This is a very underrated movie that should not be missed, it is fun to watch, but there are some "new-found" characters in it, like:    - Mr.Limp  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting was masterfully nuanced and superb. It's a wonderful, almost surreal story that explores what can happen when a family is caught in the middle of a family's crisis and tragedy. The acting is powerful, and the acting performances by each actor perfectly reflected their own feelings and fears. The story is emotionally charged and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short film but not a great movie. It's a short and sweet story that is very touching. It also stars some of my favorite characters including a very young Jack Nicholson (Lemon's choice) as the evil magician who plays tricks on people to get them into believing in the dark side of life.   Jack Nicholson is one of the greatest writers of all time and he has made some of his best work here. It seems that he has found a good way to make this short and fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a big movie buff. It's a movie that i've watched many times.  It's very entertaining and i like the fact that it does not try to portray the US as all bad and all good.  The main characters are all very interesting and interesting and you can even guess who the main characters may be based on the actors who played them.  All in all i enjoyed this great film. It will be one of my 10 favorite films in the next years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the wonderful movie. I found myself enjoying every minute of it. This is the movie that made me believe in the magic that made the first animated movie, Toy Story, so great.  The animation is amazing, so colorful, so realistic, that it's almost like a great masterpiece. And that's really something.  So if you like to see good animation, or great animation, then this is a great movie. But if you don't, then you're missing something. A great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title of this movie should give you a sense of how I feel about it. I was born in the 60's, and it is my personal belief that this is the best time to view any movie, period. I have always been a big Adam, ever since I can remember. It's just that it's not as hard as some movies, but more realistic and powerful. This movie doesn't take itself too seriously, and that is a big plus. This is one of those gems. If you haven't seen it, do so, and if you are too serious about it, you will probably appreciate it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked "My Favorite Year" (another film that would put you to sleep) and "The Rookie" (a movie that was both funny and a dream) you will like "The Rainmaker". If you enjoy any of the original films of Rainmaker, "The Rock" or "A Rock Star's Dream", this is not the right movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very emotional and beautiful film. A true story, and I love it!! It is the first of its kind. It is a must see for everyone, I would suggest you to watch it with your family and see how they are affected. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked "The Big Redneck" then this is the movie for you. This is a well made, action packed and a great story. The action is fast and exciting and the story has plenty of twists and turns. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of the movie is brilliant. The characters are well developed. It is a wonderful movie. It may be a bit slow at the beginning and the music a bit boring. But it is a good, good, romantic, and I am glad I did not know about this movie beforehand. The movie is a bit dark, and there is not much music in the background. I really like the story. It was nice, it is simple and sweet, and the movie was beautiful and full of great romance. I would recommend it to all the people who like romantic romantic movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a wonderful film, and I can't say enough about it. The story is good, and the acting is great, especially from the three main actors, with great performances, and great performances from the others. I loved every minute of this movie, and would recommend it to anyone interested in any aspect of acting, as it is very entertaining.  The plot is very intriguing and could not be further from the truth. The only thing I would like to say is that if you do not have a sense of humor, you will probably be confused by it. I laughed myself sick the first time I saw it, and felt like a new person.  If you are interested in a great film, it is not too late to see it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found the story touching and sad. The film shows the true story of the struggles of the two main characters in this story: Mr. Valli and Ms. Tepo. The actors, especially Ms. Veli, really do an outstanding job. The characters are both very sad and very depressed. There is no way this film will be missed. I am not sure if I will ever look at it again. I have seen it so many times, I just want to stop saying "how can I get a copy?" So sorry I have. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite. It shows the story of the life of a mother of two small children. The mother and daughter live in a small country town. The daughter is a good teacher, but when the mother dies of a heart attack, she takes the body and tries to save the other daughter from becoming the one who dies. She meets her friend's sister, who is also a teacher, and asks her to take care of her and teach her. She agrees, so the mother goes in search of her sister's body and is attacked and killed. The great tragedy is not revealed, so we don't learn anything about it.  The film is not a tragic film, but a very emotional and interesting film. It is a very short movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie at least once, but I think that it is one of masterpieces. I like the way it was filmed and the way the sound was used, and the plot is beautiful, especially for a comedy.  All of this is great entertainment. If you like watching movies about animals, you will like this one, because it is about animals. If they make you laugh, this is one funny movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the perfect movie for my family, and I was amazed how great it was! It is a simple story that should have been told to my parents when they were teenagers, but I just caught it on late night TV and was amazed by the beauty of it all. The scenes where people were laughing, or crying, were so real to me, and the story itself is touching. It was a wonderful movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm always intrigued with this kind of movie. I just stumbled onto this movie and really liked it, but I really had to go back and check out what I had seen. It is so creative and wonderfully done. The story is a real one. The actors are great. The direction is masterful and brilliant. The cinematography masterfully shows the story from different angles. The cast is great, and the beautiful colours really pop out.  I am really amazed by the cast and the direction. It's amazing how great a cast is. They are so amazing, I really did not expect them to do any great acting, but brilliant performances. So, I was surprised by their brilliant performances, I wonder why they became such amazing great actors. I have never seen such beautiful colours, but that's for sure. This is a great movie for those who enjoy such art, and for those people who don't, I'll be sure to tell them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a remake of a popular stage musical with a new interpretation and a new set. It is a modern update of "Waking Ned Devine" that focuses on the story of the famous American author and songwriter, Ned Devines, and the various complications that he had to overcome with his life and the obstacles he encountered. Ned Devinery had lived a very strange life as a writer, and was a good guy all around. He tried to write a novel about a boy who falls in love with the mysterious beauty who would become his wife.  Ned Devinite had some famous songs in his repertoire but he also wrote a great number of songs to help him along with his many projects. I have to say, that he was more prolific than the man who sang "The Old Man of Rochefort".  The movie is not too dark or depressing but not at all a boring and dreary one. I love the music and the scenery. Ned was a talented musician and he definitely deserved an Oscar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a romantic comedy that is very funny. The actors do a great job, especially the director, Joseph Sarno. He has great imagination and he also manages to create some amazing special effects and some wonderful computer generated imagery. I think that it is very close to "Shakespeare's Hamlet", in the sense that you can never get bored watching this movie.   I am a huge Adam Sandler fan, but this movie is great, not great at all. The jokes are very funny and I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes to laugh with friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short story. It's the story of two brothers, Ben and Jack, who have to come to terms with their feelings about one another and about their own mortality. The film is a very emotional and moving piece. There are many parallels with this other story, but it could not be further.   This film is about two families who have lost their lives in recent years. Their lives are intertwined and their struggles have a common theme: the struggle for their dreams and their own survival. The actors are all believable. The story is honest. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love to read and can recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good story, I recommend this to any one who likes the genre. The movie was a great feel good to me and a great movie to rent. I also like the music, I think that it is a great soundtrack, it is not like some kind of music that has been put out.   All in all I enjoyed the movie and would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In this short, sweet and romantic tale of a mother (Geneva) is preparing for her wedding. The daughter of a very wealthy family (Marisa Tomei) is also in mourning for her mother's death. In the meantime, Geneva has to endure the loss of her mother, who died in her sleep in a small village in Romania in 1801, but at the cost of her marriage and her daughter's safety. The film depicts how the widow and her family are in mourning. She is alone, and all the villagers turn out for her funeral. The widow is accompanied by a man (Romanian actor Antoniu Gheorgiu) and he is also a witness of her death.   The mother spends the night at the cemetery and then a man comes to the house. He informs the widow of his wife's death, and Geneva goes to see him. They are in a very emotional state.  A few days later, he comes back and asks Geneva to stay in the village and he has to make another visit. The man also has to find someone to support his widow. Geneva agrees.  Then Geneva meets another man (Antonio Carpatho) and they both become friends. They decide to help the widow with her grief.  After all, the grief has been taken too far and the grieving widow wants to get out of the house, and she does.  This short, light and sweet story is very disturbing and it's filled with sadness and regrets. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the year of my birth, the year 2022, I will be 26 years old. I'll be married to my best friend's brother and we'll be going to see a play together. We will get married in the next year. I want to go to see the play and see my brother. It was the second time he has been on stage with me, the first time he was funny.  I don't want to tell you anything, it's all up to you. If you want to see something good, I recommend the movie. I wish I could recommend it to you now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It was an inspiring movie that I saw at the Berlin Film Festival. The actors did an outstanding job, and I am surprised to see that this film won an Oscar.   The plot has been told before. But this one has a strong plot. A very emotional, and sometimes comical story, which makes the viewer feel that it has been a dream. The story is not as serious as the first one, and the end makes the movie even more beautiful. The acting is very strong, especially the acting of the 3 main characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the funniest movie I have ever seen. It is a very well made, poignant and silly film about a family who wants to experience the joy of Christmas and who have chosen the family that is closest to them.  I really enjoyed it and hope other people do as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard a lot about this movie, but had never seen it on any big Hollywood movie screen. So I decided to give it a try. After the screening, the first 30 minutes were great, but I really got immersed in the beautiful world of the movie. The characters were interesting and very believable, and I became convinced that this movie was brilliant brilliant. It was beautifully done in a very natural way.  I am glad that the movie won an award for the outstanding work of James Newton Howard, and that I am not going to be insulted by the fact that he was also nominated for an Oscar. I hope that the other actors nominated for the award are nominated for more awards, and more people can see this wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very good movie with a good ending. A great movie with good ending in the end and a great acting from the cast. I would have liked to have seen a bit more of the movie with some action and a good plot. All in all this was a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a simple, romantic story of two lovers, and the journey they take is a tale of hope. The story is a long and full of surprises, and it is also told in a realistic, naturalistic manner.  It's a pity the director doesn't use the actors in more inventive and beautiful ways. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like the movie. It is a very emotional and beautiful story about the power of art and the art.  It is very hard to find a picture that can portray the power and the cruelty of the Nazi regime and the holocaust in such a realistic and poetic way.  I personally don't see the point of this movie to be sensationalist, but I don't think that there is a point to be made. I believe that it is the sad fact that this movie was not made in the 70s that makes this movie great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short, sweet, and sweet film set in a small, bustling and bustling Chinatown neighborhood. The story is simple and straight to the point, with characters that are all well-rounded and believable.   It's not for everyone, but I found the film delightful, but not a complete success. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't think you can really take a good look at a film and come up with a conclusion that is not so easy as it looks. I found great beauty in every frame. It is a film that is beautiful in the fact that it is simple. It also manages to be honest, but at the same time it doesn't fall into any of the traps that have been set for it. It shows the beauty of life and how hard it can be.  The best film I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first 30 minutes of the movie are great. I had the movie playing for over 30 minutes and it was great. The scene where the two lovers are flirting and dancing and the two dancing in the streets was great and the music was great as well.  The scene in the hospital where the lovers and the hospital staff are flirty and the scene in front of the hospital is great. It was beautiful. The acting is great and you can't take your eyes away. I recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like the movies that are made with great special effects and beautiful landscapes and you like watching the very best of the science fiction genre this is the movie for you.  It features a very interesting plot with good actors and excellent special effects. I like the special effects, specially for the flying scenes, where the viewer can see the images of the different planets and the different life forms on different planets.  The acting is great especially for the main characters, all of them. The actors also have great chemistry with the different actors and the plot works beautifully.   The special effects are very impressive and some of the effects are great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second movie of the director Douglas Sirk that I have seen (the first being 'Walking Tall') and this is in a similar vein to his other two films. It's a quiet but hard-to-find gem. The cinematography is masterfully crafted, there is great use of tinting, and the acting is fine (the best performance by Sirk is his performance in the film 'The Old Man & The Sea') This film was a welcome addition to Sirk's CV, and he will be no stranger to the screen.  'The old man & the sea' is an outstanding example of this kind of film, although not as visually spectacular as its predecessor. Its a quiet film that contains some excellent performances by Sirks's regular cast and the soundtrack is good, there are plenty of shots of boats and the sea in this one, which are very effective. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of this movie is very original, but the acting wonderfully captures the fear of a black hat. It's got the gritty realism of The Great Santini, The Black Cat and The Adventures of Pluto Nash.  This movie also features the awesome special effects of Industrial Light and Magic. The movie is also visually beautiful, as it features some amazing special effects.  The music in the movie is a perfect blend of hip-hop and electronic music. It really doesn't go overboard with the genre, and mixes the two together to create something unique. The songs in the background of the movie are also fantastic. I personally think the songs in this movie are The Platters' "The Real World" and "The Amazing Race."    The storyline in this film is actually very similar to the story in "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" from "Mr. LimPET." Although the plot is a little different, it still manages to keep a similar theme, which is about the "black hat" or "skullduggery" that exists in both of these stories.  Overall, this is a great film, and it also provides you with some great entertainment from the many great actors in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this movie, but i don't know what people are complaining about. i loved it and would love to see it again. i can watch it when it comes out, whenever i want to. i am going to watch it again when i get back to the US.  I have to give credit where credit is due, for the wonderful acting and beautiful settings. i love it!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are a true story, like I was when I was in my late 20's and early 30's, and you have not lived a life that has seen the world, you will appreciate this film, and hopefully will appreciate the world more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is difficult to find out why this movie is so famous, it probably got very good reviews. The movie is brilliant and I have to say that if you don't like the film, you should definitely not watch it. I'm glad I didn't pay attention to the great acting, great special effects and beautiful scenery in the beginning. The story is very intriguing and the movie itself is very well done and you have to see it to believe it. It is a mystery and suspenseful thriller about a mysterious book written by a very old Japanese witch and her friend. It has been translated by the great Sogo Ichii. I don't want to spoil anything for those who want to watch it because I don;t want to give any details.   The movie doesn't really contain any spoilers, so I don"t want anyone to spoil the movie for themselves. I just hope that those who are interested in the movie and others will enjoy it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great scenes in the film is where the characters are trapped in a cell, and the escape is aided by the beautiful setting of a prison. The acting is great, and I really enjoyed the scene where they are stuck in the cell. The scenes where the prisoners escape and are on the run, and then the chase begins, were good.  One last thing I wanted to add, I did not enjoy the final chase, where the prisoner boards a train with no destination in mind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The two stars who play the lead roles to the two young lovers are very good but the film is actually a romantic-comedy that was very well-acted. It was probably the best romantic-comedies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great movie is called The Big Chill and is a good film if your a die hard fan of good-natured people and their sense of humour. If you like the good-looking and lovable people who love to laugh, like me, you will love this film. If the movie is for anyone who likes the good, clean and simple people who are all over the place, like I am, you should love this movie. If this is for the ladies only, like it is, I would not even consider it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great cast. The acting was brilliant and wonderful and so was the brilliant and beautiful scenery. The music is wonderful. The cinematography beautiful. The beautiful cinematography superb. The brilliant and touching story of the two main characters, especially the one who played the title role, a very powerful and tragic tale. This is the story of two people, a father and son, who are forced to endure hardship, abuse, and neglect. They go through all the troubles that life can throw at them.  This movie is not a movie about the two people and their struggles, it is about the human family that is subject to so many disadvantages.  I am glad that there is a chance for me to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this series because it was inspired by a story I saw years ago, but this is still the best. If you are a real person, this is not just a movie for kids, it is not mindless entertainment, but a story that makes you think and to think positively about the world.  This is the first movie in the series that I have seen that I could not stop watching. The best part of the movie was when the first scenes in the movie were set in the US in the early 90's. In the early 1990's, we had a heroin epidemic. We had an abundance of cheap, beautiful, and natural places in the country to get high. In Mexico, people were living near mountains, rivers, and mountains and not in cities. I don't understand how they were going to be able to survive that kind of environment.   The last scenes in this movie were very inspiring. This movie showed us a story about a homeless person who has lived her whole life on the street. This person was not a person who had a purpose. The person who we watched could have walked out of the woods, walked down a mountain, and never seen another human being. In this world, she never did. This is a story we should all have in common with. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this in the '80s when I was 17, I remember seeing the movie a few times, and I still have nightmares about it, but the best time was when I first saw it, I saw a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a very great acting and wonderful beauty. The acting masterpieces are excellent, but you'll enjoy the movie for the excellent acting and beautiful cinematography. I recommend this movie for everyone, especially those who don't want to watch some great movie, like "The Eye" or "Brazil". I'll tell you what, this is the beautiful movie of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only other movie I have seen that is close to as good as this one is The Way the Wind, I have to say that the first one I saw of the two films was The River.   The story is the same as the first. But the different parts are different. The scene with the big red ant is a little different from the first, and the music is different.  Also the actors are different, as the characters are different and more realistic.  The last time I watched this was on the BBC, and it was so enchanting and beautiful, and I have never seen it on TV or any other movie, so I don't know how I can compare it to the first movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Wave" is a great, if derivative, take on of "The Big Chill" by Brian Yuzna, and "The Naked Lunch" by James Hickey. I have always been fascinated by Yuzn's work, and this film gives an almost pornographic performance in which he is good.  This film is a definite must-see for those who are into Yuznas' work, especially if you like his films "Slim Slam Slum" and "Hinting that a Big Chill could be Born". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great cast for this show, although I won't go into any more of the story, is a superb cast with superb performances. The show was really only airing a few episodes, so I don't want to give any more away.  The first episode was interesting, I was intrigued by the ending, and the ending was a little confusing, but the ending of the show was perfect. The plot lines and jokes were brilliant, and there was a great cast of characters with a good story and interesting characters to watch. The ending really gave the show a great ending, which was very good, and I hope the show continues for as long as possible.  I am glad that the show is over. The next show could be amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was an excellent film and I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked the first two movies, but I think this is the master masterpiece. I have seen it at the Toronto International Film Festival and am amazed at the number of people who walked out of it with great smiles and tears. I can't take credit for the great performances by the actors. Ellen Burstyn (Lara Sinclair) is one of my favorite actors in the world, but she is still very impressive and she really is the perfect choice for a tough, hard-bitten role. The young Catherine Zeta Jones (Paz Vega) is equally stunning and she is a pleasure to watch. She is a true professional. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It is a simple, straightforward and beautiful story. The acting is masterful, the action superb. The story is simple, poignant, and it is not at all predictable. The camera works beautifully, with great beauty and great style. I have seen this movie many times, and I always keep thinking "This is what I have to do to be able to believe in the world again!" I recommend it to anyone who has a life and wants to see something new. I recommend to everyone.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Moonwalker" is a funny movie. It has good acting and a good story. The actors do a good job, especially David Hasselhoff and Scott Baio. The song "Moon Walker" by David Haslehoff and the actor Scott BaIO is hilarious. The movie is about the life of a young girl named Sarah who is caught up in a love triangle between a former high school wrestler and a woman he meets in the hospital. It is not a love story, and has some nice moments. It also has a bad ending, and can be seen by anyone. The music in the movie is "Candy Hearts and Paper Flowers". I like "Cher" and "A Girl Called Sassy" better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first of a new type of action adventure. Unlike the big budget films that are made today, this has real substance. The plot of this movie is simple: a doctor wants to help his friend find his missing wife, but finds the clues to his wife's past are so intriguing, he and his brother find a way to bring this mystery to the light. The cast is great, the directing master great, and the special effects fantastic. The music, well chosen, is great as well, and there is great acting from all the players.  I really enjoyed this film, I think it will get better as the next film, but it did not disappoint me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In the words of one reviewer, "A great film!" It was certainly not "The Best Thing In The History Of The World." I must say, I had never seen it. It is the greatest and most touching documentary ever made. I think I would have to say that no one else in the world has made a film about such a remarkable and important event. I wish I had come and seen it when I was a little girl. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised at the quality of this movie and the quality that it brings out in other viewers.  The story of a family that comes together for a weekend is what really got me. The setting is rural New England in the middle of the fall season. It's dark and dreary, and I like the lighting, the trees, the leaves, and the rain falling.  It's also the setting for the first big battle of the year. The family is so fearful, they stay indoors and try to stay warm.  This movie is a perfect blend of those two great themes. It is a realistic portrayal of how a family is made and how it reacts to that situation. It also makes me feel sick because of the time I have put into it and the fact that this is a real, not a fantasy movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First things first, I'd like to add that the film was very well acted, and it had great production values, that made the movie unique and interesting, as was the case with the other two.  The movie is set in the small German town of Wismal, on the banks of the Rhine river, and so we get a little bit more insight into the life of the locals and the general situation. The actors were good, and the script great, the story intriguing, and of course the cast were also fine, as the film went along, but I enjoyed it and would recommend it to anyone interested in film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm a huge Star Wars fan since the age of 8-9. It was the first time I saw such a great Star Wars movie, and I've been waiting to see it again ever since.  The acting is great, the special effects superb, the great cinematography masterwork masterfully captured the atmosphere of the Star Wars universe and created new places for Star Wars to take place. The special effects are great, but the music is great. The music is fantastic. The visuals are masterfully crafted and brilliantly realized. And the special FX, especially for the Death Star and Endor, are amazing.  This is the perfect Star Wars story. A true classic.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story has a very intriguing beginning and then a very disturbing climax. In the final act, the story comes full circle. The acting is masterful and stunning. The visuals are stunning. And the ending is unforgettable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very atmospheric, haunting, and emotional film, and it's quite hard to see why this is underrated by critics. It's about the relationship between two families in the Middle East, with an ending which is somewhat ambiguous, but the end of the film is very emotional. I think that it could be the best movie ever made in history.    I like the fact that the narrator of the movie speaks a very different language than the original text. It seems that he is a bit lost in the middle of his translation.  The acting is superb, and the whole film is filled with realistic images and images of life, with a minimum of words.  This film is about two families living together, in a poor neighbourhood, and about their struggles to find meaning, to realise that they can not live like everyone around them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first two scenes of the movie are so great, they are a great compliment to the great movie.  I loved "L'Ennui" so much, but "Lungs of May" was a brilliant piece of acting and brilliant visual storytelling. It's a very powerful movie, so I'm not going to give any spoilers, but I will give you the plot outline of the film.  May (Pulp) is a beautiful woman that is living in a house in the village. She meets another woman, "La Pim" (Daphne), who has just arrived home and she immediately falls in love. May is pregnant and has to take off work and leave the village to get treatment. But May's not alone in this situation.   May tells La Pim that she will be working as a house maid in the evening and she will return home the next day. Then May is caught by a group of people on a journey to the village's market and she is forced to choose between her new responsibilities and a life of sacrifice.  The people who decide to join May's life of sacrifices, but are led by a strange man named May Wong (Jin Han) and the woman who is leading the sacrifices. May finds out that her new job will put her life at risk, so she hides and follows the stranger to find out how. May and the others in the group must choose between May's new life or the life of sacrificing.  This is a very dark movie. A great story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this in a class on Cinematography and I loved it. It is very close to the classic of American Gothic Horror films, but it isn't 100% Gothic Horror. This film has Gothic elements, the Gothic atmosphere, the atmosphere of the place where the film takes place and the Gothic symbolism. It seems that the director is masterfully creating atmosphere and atmosphere. The movie is full of atmosphere and there are many eerie places in the movie that you can see or walk through.  This film is very creepy and full of suspense and suspense. The suspense is intense and the scary scenes are very scary, it also has Gothic atmosphere.  The story is full-length and very suspenseful. It's not a horror film, it's a suspense movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was brilliant! It shows how to handle a complex situation with so many possibilities, yet how to choose the best of them and realize their full impact. I saw this film with my 11 year old daughter and she was very impressed. The movie is based on actual events that occurred in a small town in South Africa in the early 90's, which were shocking and shocking to the entire nation.  It is surprising how such events could be so closely watched by the entire country.  My favorite scene was the scene where a man was walking home on his daily morning routine when he saw the news on the news. He did not know what to expect from the news, but he decided to walk home and saw the picture of the girl in the window. He was shocked, and the two of them took off running to the store to get some milk. They ran into the store and asked the clerk for help, and he opened the door and said "Sure, it's a bad movie." He told them "I don't know, it could be good," so they left the store.  The scenes are disturbing to watch and the movie is disturbing. The music is haunting. The scene where the two girls ran into a store and the man opened the refrigerator door to help them out of the store, he still has a scar on his head. It shows the extreme nature of child molestation and the horrible reality of child abuse in the world today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great cast for such a young actress. The young Mary Stuart Masterson in the movie is the only real talent on the movie and she shines as Mary's older sister Mary. The movie is full of adventure, romance, action, humor, action. It also contains a very touching moment for the real Mary Stuart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very nice and interesting documentary about one of the most important issues in the history of war 2.The US military is portrayed as a bunch of great guys who played fair,but the truth is that the US was one of many nations around the world that wanted to get rid of the Axis,no they were the Axis powers,the Japanese,the Germans,Romanians,the Serbs,etc...In fact,the US military was the Axis power.The footage of the planes and tanks is stunning,but when it was used in war 2,it was used to kill thousands of Japanese and Americans.The documentary follows the life of Col. John Hines (USAF Retired),and the relationships he had with his fellow troops, the civilians he worked with, and even his own mother.There are many other interviews of various military personnel, and the interviews are interesting as well.Colonel Hines does an excellent job,he shows the "real person"behind the scenes,and the "truth"behind them.The narration is very touching and can be found in many other documentaries.The editing is very well done,with great use of color,it makes the documentary more accurate.I am sure that the narration will be better in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very charming, romantic and uplifting movie.  It is not like Titanic and I love movies that aren't like Titanic.  This movie shows that you don't have to be a big movie buff to enjoy it. It is the story of a couple of talented and beautiful young people that are falling in love and have to work together to make it through the inevitable hardships.  The movie is so beautiful and realistic that I was heartbroken. I felt so sad that it was not directed by someone who is as big as I am and able to bring such beauty to life.  I am glad that the director took time to look at this film and see how he could use the talents of so many wonderful and talented actors to show that they are all capable of amazing performances. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't understand why some reviewers think this is the best.  It was not until this magnificent film that I had a sense of the true nature of being a film. The acting, settings, cinematography, setting, cinematographic masterpieces, fantastic use of colors, beautiful cinematography masterpieces and fantastic directing from all angles, great acting from all the actors, great directing. And great music from all of the actors in the film. It was wonderful to see such wonderful performances from all around the world.  The direction was magnificent, and I was moved to tears and amazed that this beautiful film had not been seen in theaters around the globe.  I was surprised that this movie had not yet been shown on cable or cable-TV, so I am surprised that people haven't seen this film yet.  This is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been on this movie for quite some time, and while it is not for everyone, I think it is very close to the original.   The main story, set in modern times, involves a couple, their daughter, and her father, who are struggling with the loss of their family home in the woods. They are assisted by a couple of friends who provide the family with food, and the girl ends up in hospital, but it is there that her life begins to unravel.  The movie is set in the time of the American Revolution, and is very faithful to the true story.  However, it is far from being a film that would be considered a masterpiece.  It is a well done movie, with a very interesting premise, and very well-written dialog. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Cher" is a love story between a father and son. The story has many different possibilities and it is the best romantic film I've seen.  Cher's character is an ordinary boy who has become infatuated with his mother. Cher's mother is the beautiful woman. She has the talent to become a great singer.    Cher is surprised that her father has moved in next door and that his new neighbor, a very good looking woman, is his mother's close friend. The neighbors have different tastes and habits and are so unusual that they become so strange that they don't even recognize the neighbor's wife.  A few years later, the mother dies and Cher is happy to learn that she has a new neighbor. It is a little too long before they meet and when they do, it is in the old house. It looks as if it will be a happy ending for "Ched." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am always a big believer in the magic of Christmas movies. They are great fun, they can be a little boring and sentimental and I think that a lot of people don't get enough Christmas spirit. I think this movie will make people believe in Christmas again and I believe that the kids will enjoy it as much as the adults, as I did when I was little. I thought that was funny and I wish more kids would see this movie.  This is a must see for all. If you like Jack Frost, or Santa Claus, or any other Christmas movie that makes you believe that there is a real Santa Claus that is real then watch this movie and I am sure you will enjoy the jokes and the songs, I wish they make them more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "La dulce vita e la famcia del mondo del dio" is a charming little horror film that has a good horror feel to it. It's a mix of "Suspense", "The Sixth Sense" and "The Blair Witch Project" that seems to fit perfectly together. The story focuses on a house in an old neighbourhood that was recently built. The residents include a widow who is preparing for the funeral of her dead husband who has died in the past, a young couple and the owner of the house. The house is haunted by a mysterious ghost and it's up to the viewer to decide whether or not they want to stay or not. It isn't really scary but the characters are interesting and the scares are good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very pleased with this film and I thought it was superbly acted. The plot was fantastic and very interesting, the direction beautiful and creative, and the beautiful cinematography beautiful, and I enjoyed the subtle emotional touches. The best scenes are the flashback to Paris where everything happens in such a haunting way, and this is what the movie is all about.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Kung Fu" is not just the action-flick action movie but the romance, suspense, and romance all come together in this movie.The movie is actually more about how one can be caught up in a bad situation.The story, the dialog, the pace, the emotions are all believable and realistic.  This is the kind of movie that can take your breath away.Especially if you have a passion for old Japanese films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film follows the lives of two people in their teens as they struggle through their first year of college. They meet in the basement of their dorm and get to know each other in a different way. It was one of the great examples of the "creative" nature of the film, as the characters interact with one another, each of them with the same goal in mind. The actors have some great moments as they try to fulfill their respective roles. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first part of the movie was very good but i loved it and i wanted to watch the next one. The first one was very funny and it was very entertaining and i think this movie is perfect. The next parts of the story were great. The movie is very funny. It shows the love between the main characters. The ending is brilliant. It is very good and i hope that more movies like this one will come up in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the story of two brothers, each one of whom comes to New York City from different sides, as their lives become intertwined, and who come to blows. They drive, fight, get into car accidents, and eventually get killed in a senseless car crash. The only survivor is their brother, the director of the photography.  But it's not just a good film. It's a beautiful, moving, and suspenseful movie. A great deal of work and great performances are needed to create a suspenseful film. And the great work of the two main stars is given great performances, but that is the case with The Hitcher.  It has been a long time since it was last shown, and now it's finally here. It should have made more of an impact on the world, and perhaps even be shown in theaters around the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first installment of this "new" B5 was "A Dark Place" in 1993 and was released in 1988.  I was very pleased with this film and thought it was quite good, but was amazed by the great acting. Robert Downey Jr. plays a role as a detective investigating the disappearance of an adult, and the young John Forsythe is also excellent.  This film was filmed in a very real setting in Wales, so much so that it's like the real place and very realistic, the locations are the same, the lighting is the same and the lighting in the film is also very dark and very dark. The acting is great, especially from all the main actors, it's so natural and so natural. I'd recommend this film to anyone interested in British Gothic film, B5, Dark Place or any other genre that really deserves to be watched. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was fortunate enough to see the last performance of this movie and it was a wonderful one. It's the perfect romantic-comedy that doesn't over the top romanticize the actors, it doesn't pretend that the relationship between them and their fans is real and you don't have to take their relationship with a cold heart. The romance is real, the romance has real meaning and I recommend this movie to anyone looking for something to pass an hour and half. If you are looking for a romantic-movie that has a good ending, you won't be disappointed, this movie has one of those endings. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this movie on the Berlin Film Festival last night, and I am very surprised by the quality of the performance of the main characters, and the superb dialogs. The film is set in the beautiful and charming village of Kaffa in the old city district of Berlin. The village has some old buildings and is surrounded by some very old people living there, but it is not a gothic village. It is a village of old people with very old houses, and nice old people, but no new blood. The main character in the film is a Jewish girl, and her father has a nice life with his family. Her mother, on the other hand, is a young woman, and is not old! It's not a typical German movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an unusual and creative movie that mixes documentary style footage with fiction. The actors are fascinating and the film is shot in black and white in many parts. The use of dark scenes and dark scenes in the movie gives the audience a sense of the time and place.  The story is of a very high standard. It has many strong points, such as the way it shows the effects of the drugs on the body and the way that the story shows the dangers of the drug.  Overall, this is a very interesting and compelling movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie starts out with a beautiful scene with the two leads in a love-story.  The two leads are perfect in their roles and together create a beautiful romance.  This movie has all the right ingredients. It has great acting and great romance. The movie is light, but you wont lose any of the story by its beauty.   If you want to see a great romantic-comedy this movie is definitely not the right choice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only flaw of the movie is that it is really badly great and it can't contain the wonderful and amazing acting talents of Robert DeNiro and Josie Walker. Brilliant! Wonderful! Wonderful!!! Wonderful! Brilliant! Brilliant and stunning! Wonderful and amazing! Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful! Wonderful... Perfect! Wonderful. Wonderful! I love all the scenes. I love the first two and the third one is the best, the last one is probably the best. It is amazing how masterful this movie is! Brilliant!!! Brilliant! And the special effects are great, especially for the computer graphics. I am stunned by the brilliant and beautiful story line. Wonderful movie!!! Brilliant and beautiful! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, the first sequel, is a masterpiece of a beautiful story of love, devotion and friendship. The script, the direction, the casting, the cinematography and the music are beautiful. The story is a bit like the story of the Odyssey, but more touching and sad. The movie is about the life of two beautiful people, a girl and a man, who have a special place in their hearts, where they don't want to be part of the usual human world anymore. They don't have much of anything to do in the ordinary world. This movie is more like a story of how they come together in their ordinary world and how they find their place in the universe, but also how they can't stay there.  I am surprised that this movie was not better. It could be one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating piece of film that has a kind of timeless quality, made me feel a little ill at the time. I have never seen anything like this before, but this is still something I want to see, if only I could.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of those great, romantic, romantic and uplifting movies. The film opens on a happy-go-lucky day, and as the movie progresses, it all becomes more beautiful and amazing.  The script is unique, the story is beautiful, and the acting is superb. I have never seen a film with such stunning and beautiful cinematography. The sound track is amazing. This is the best film I've ever heard, and I'm glad I'm from England. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like a good, dark, twisted mystery or suspense thriller, this is not a movie you will want to miss. The acting is great, the plot masterfully complex, and the suspense fantastic. The only drawback I found in this is that it takes the time to fully explore the mystery surrounding the murder of a mysterious young woman. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie over fifty times. I think it is my all time favorite movie and it will only get better. It has the same plot and characters and it is original.   I don't know if you are familiar with the movie then I'm glad you know how to watch it. I guess I don'nt know. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie that i have seen in a long time. I have to admit that it was an emotional and very beautiful movie. I am a big fan of the first two movies.  So, to be honest i am not going to spend my time to tell you how it was and the story line is so unique, and i will do what i can to help you understand this.  The movie was beautiful. The way that the acting was great. It reminded me of the movie Blow Out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a real gem! This is a film that I would love to see released as a sequel. I really loved this film and hope that it gets released on video/DVD soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie isn't a masterpiece of cinematography but a great cinematic experience. It contains great scenes, good direction, good camera-work, great music, great performances. The best scenes are the opening scenes, the beautiful scenery and the beautiful night scenes. This movie was one of the best European films ever made and was voted as one of "the best European movies ever". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic. It has a good plot, good directing, good cinematography and great performances. Excellent movie. The movie is full of great performances, great cinematography, great performances and great direction. Brilliant song.  A very good movie. I recommend this movie to all movie lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Black Cat" is a beautiful little black and white animated fantasy, which is actually very similar to "Gorilla" or "Gorga" but with a different approach. Both of these animated fantasy films have very little "message" or message, so they must combine elements from the other. "Black Cat" however is much more stylised and realistic. The graphics are colourful and very nice to look at. The animations are well done and the music is beautiful. All in all, a great fun and very enjoyable little black fantasy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of the silent era, an effort of some thirty years to portray the struggle of an Indian woman in the woods, or a man in a city, in order to win the love of a woman. It's a pity they didn't have to paint all of the scenes, as the film was shot on a very tight budget.   The film is a fascinating, and sadly, depressing tale of how a woman in her village, or in a new city, is led to her doom. Her journey of self discovery is interrupted by the presence of some old familiar faces.  It's sad that the story has been written so well, and touched so many people. I personally find it sad that so few people seem to be able to feel what this woman is feeling. It is sad that she, in her own village, would take part in this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an entertaining and hilarious film set in a beautiful setting. The story is set in an English country village, and the film is directed by John Berryman. The acting is good and the direction is inventive and creative.  The film is filled with wonderful characters. There are a few typical heavy-handed heavy-billed, wooden acting and a few wooden dialogs. But the film really works on several levels. The characters are unique and detailed, but the direction and the music are very engaging. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great performances are, in my opinion, by those two young actresses who play their roles very well, and who play in a very believable way. A very impressive and charming movie, it is a pity that the story of these two ladies, which I hope will appear in the next movie, does not take too long before the story comes to an end. The characters, the situations, the way they meet, and their way of thinking and acting are all very entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The beginning is a great beginning to a great movie with the story line and a great ending. The ending is a masterpiece. It has a great message in the end, which is that you should do everything in your power to have a happy ending. I don't know if I would have that much fun watching it. The story is great. The cast is great, and there are a lot of great quotes and great lines from the director. It seems to be a very well crafted film with great acting and great directing. I can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First, let me say I enjoyed the original version more than the remake (I remember the original was about a guy who gets fired from his job and gets a new job - he becomes a psychic, a witch, a healer, etc).  Now the sequel has the same plot as the original - a woman (who becomes a witch) decides to use her powers to heal her stricken husband, and in the process she creates a beautiful new entity. She creates a child, which looks exactly like the original character, and when the child awakens from the dark cocoon she uses magic and makes him a real being, which she also can use to heal others, like the husband who is in need of help. The only drawback to the movie is the fact that it was directed by Brian Flemming, who directed the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love how it keeps things interesting. If you don't, I say you will be disappointed.  I give this movie an solid 10/10 and a perfect 10. Wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise of this is an interesting and intriguing movie. The characters are not stereotypes or stereotypes and are not typical of a certain type of person. In fact, they are interesting and very different from what is typical of the movie.  I would have to say that although the movie is not as a typical thriller, it is very well done. It is not typical thriller and has a great sense of realism and some great atmosphere.  The movie has very good performances by the actors and I would like to see more from the movie but the good performances are there. The movie is very interesting and not predictable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was fantastic, I don't know why it's not more well known. A great plot with great performances, beautiful music, great acting, great direction and great beautiful cinematography, great performances. Wonderful movie with great beautiful scenery and great cinematography. A must see! 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a film I've seen many times, but it was still a very good film, and I've never regretted it. I was very surprised how good it was, but then I was surprised how hard it was to watch. The actors were wonderful great, and it was great beautiful.   The film is very intense, the characters great and the story great, the story moving and beautiful. I love all the scenes, the acting, beautiful story and great music. I wish the sequel was better, but I was kind of disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great love story, in my opinion. It's a love story between the mother and daughter, which has to be the main character. The mother, who plays the main role, has a nice life and wants to keep it that way. The daughter has a life of her own, a life she wants to live and wants, but has to take care of her mother's needs and wishes for a life that she is not her mother. So the mother is in the middle of her life and decides to visit her daughter's relatives in Israel.  This is a very emotional story. It is about the mother who visits her daughter, who is living in a small village, which she doesn't like. The main character, a girl, who has a big life and loves to do everything in the world with her. She comes from an immigrant family and is not a normal Israeli girl. She is a normal girl who wants to be a normal woman. She can't stand the life in Israel, and the mother has to decide what to do.  I've watched this movie many times and I always find the movie touching, so it's not like I just found a great movie, but just found some great movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not going to go on with any of the plot details, but if you watch the movie, you will understand why I did. I liked the ending because it put the audience in the director's place.  This movie shows that no matter how bad a movie it is, there is still hope.   My rating is four stars. I would give it a perfect ten. I give great performances to all the characters in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very unique movie with good acting and a unique script that should have been made for many more movies.  The story is not as typical as the typical, but it still has a good ending.   A few words have been edited for clarity, this is not a typical movie.  This movie has a lot of good things about it, such as the use of multiple colors to portray a family, the use and the use in the scene of a child's head getting cut off from the force of an adult.  Another aspect is the use by the main characters of the words "family", "child" and "suffer" instead of "suffice".  The best part of the movie is when the mother and father are at the table and the mother asks the father, "How much time do you have left before you're going to be taken care of by a stranger?"   I give this movie an excellent rating, 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just watched this movie and I enjoyed it very much. I thought that it was very well done and very beautiful. I also thought that the whole movie reminded me of something that I've never seen in my life.    It's not the best movie I've ever seen, and it doesn't cost very much to see. I've seen movies that cost hundreds of dollars to make and they're just as good. The best movie ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm very pleased with this film, but I've seen some of the worst masterpieces of the genre, and this is certainly one of them. I've never seen anything as beautiful and magnificent as this one, and I've certainly seen a lot of them, and they are some of my favourites.  I was not expecting much in the way of the plot, but what I got great was the fantastic cast. The performances from the 4 main characters were great, and the script brilliantly developed to suit them perfectly. I really enjoyed the story, and would have given it a 7/10 if it wasn't for the wonderful performance from David Boreanaz. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first ever "Night Mother" is considered the quintessential film, it was released at the end of the Second World War. In a time of war, many people are evacuated out of their homes and are placed in a strange camp.  Many people have been evacuated out.  Night Mother tells a story of a mother and daughter, evacuated from a strange hospital by British planes. There she meets a girl with curly hair who calls herself "Nina". She is guarded by two very old women and they have a strange history together, they both seem to be the same girl and her daughter.  The story is very interesting and could have been a very powerful film, but the film works wonderfully.  This film is a real eye-candy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As much as i like watching all kinds of movie i was really surprised by this one. great acting, great direction, great cinematography masterfully crafted beautiful beautiful images, great beautiful images...wow brilliant beautiful, beautiful beautiful beautiful stunning beautiful! great film, stunning images, stunning beautiful cinematography...it's stunning and unique, it's a masterpiece. stunning images of the great, beautiful, stunning landscapes and beautiful, amazing, beautiful and surprising story. great photography and great cinematographic techniques. i can't say the same about the film. i would love to see this in black and white. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple: A great story, made by a masterful eye.  The camera is beautifully situated and beautifully captured.  A great cast of characters, including some great actors, great script and great beauty. The story and the actors are beautifully crafted to reflect the story of the life of a couple. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a romantic, but brutal, but sad film. I remember watching it as a kid and being stunned by its graphic violence. I was so moved by it that I sought out the director for guidance. He had his heart in his mouth.   His masterpiece, which I've seen only once, is a devastating look at the lives of two Italian families and their struggles to survive amid the chaos of war. The images of the bombing are so powerful that it's almost hard to look at them.  I don't know what to say. I love it, but it's sad to see how it has inspired people all over the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great film. The direction is great and the cinematography master works wonderfully. A great film for any fan of dark fantasy or horror. This film is not too heavy-handed. It has a very dark feel to it. The cinematography works beautifully and the performances are superb. It's the perfect blend of fantasy and horror. The dream sequences are unique and creepy. The sound design and atmosphere are truly creepy. It is a must see for any horror fan. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie surprised me! I liked the movie as much as the other movies of this genre... I would like to see more of the story! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little skept about this movie after it was shown to me by my son. My little boy was so captivated by the animation, characters and beautiful settings and settings, that he kept asking me questions throughout the entire movie. When I asked him about the story, he said "you don't know anything about the world." His favorite character was "WOW! The incredible beautiful animation and beautiful landscapes!" He said it was "beautiful". His favorite song was "Beautiful melodies." His favourite movie was "My favourite movie is "The Journey of Nana" - Journey to an island." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked the first episode of this show. It was great, but it got better and better with every episode. This show is like watching great shows. It is fun, beautiful and very creative. I am amazed how good this show is and that there are people out there who are not able to appreciate the genius of this series. The characters are well developed and they come from a variety of different backgrounds and in many different types of situations. The acting is amazing and the series is filled with great performances. I love the series, but this is the best series I have ever seen. I think this series has potential and I hope that it will be picked up and broadcast on TV. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title "Cannonball" is a reference to the movie of the same name which was made in 1948, and is about the sport of mountain climbing. However, it also had the same theme, but was much more serious.  The director of this great movie was Errol Flynn. His magnificent cinematography of the action sequences was amazing. The great sport of surfing was also very entertaining.  This is the story of three young men, a father, a son and a son's friend.  In order to complete the "C" of the sport, they had to complete two major tasks: 1. Find a suitable place to surf. 2. Make a proper start. 3. Have a great life.   This movie has some great action sequences. One of them is in the beginning where Flynn is about to start surfing, and has him in the water and surfing for his first time.  Another one is at the beginning of the movie, and Flynn has to jump out of the water in order to climb a steep mountain.  A great story, but not the best movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen a film like this, but I always love a good, dark, and twisted movie. I never was able to see the whole movie, which is a mystery that has a lot of mystery and surprises, and this one was no different. The movie is suspense masterfully done and I was able enjoy every second of it, and every second was memorable. The music was very fitting and complemented the story perfectly. I can't think of anything that was better to listen to than this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the ultimate romantic-comedy, with good, strong performances from all four actors, and a fine script. The movie is funny in a typical way, but the most heartrending and unbelievable parts are the parts in the beginning and the middle. The ending is a classic, and the ending in the movie is very sweet and down-to-earth. It also makes you laugh so hard your health will improve. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short, very sweet, and sweet, romantic film. It is a tribute to all the actors and the director, who did a great job and succeeded in their great dreams. A short film is a great success in any case, but this film is not without its faults, it is quite different. It has many meanings and beautiful moments, and it is a pleasure to watch. It also is a pity that the story line and the music are not too long, it would have been nice to see them in better form, which could have also added to the impact of the film.   The movie is short, but I would like to recommend this film to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really really not a masterpiece of the kind that Hollywood has to produce anymore. But it is a great film with great acting and great cinematography. It is a brilliant and beautiful film. And that's the reason that it was so popular in the first place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In the beginning, the movie is great and so is the script. The characters are great and you have great fun and you don't care. The beautiful scenery, fantastic music and great acting makes this movie awesome! I am giving it a 7 out of 10. Brilliant and amazing! I really loved it. It is so great that i want to buy the soundtrack! My favourite song ever, "Moonwalker" from "The Mother" by George C. Scott. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been searching for this movie for quite a while now but I never found it. And I still don't. I never thought I'd seen it all, but I was amazed by the wonderful performances and great direction by the director of The Wooden Horse, Richard Crenna. The Wooden horse was a great idea and a great cast. I'd like to be able to buy the DVD, as it is so funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first part of the movie is excellent and touching, it is a little like The Olde Worlde War (Dress To Kill), but it's not really. It's not a movie about the war or the troops, it's about the women in the war. A great performance by all.  The next part is not so great, great cinematography masterpieces, great music, great acting, great beautiful cinematography and great performances by all the actors in the movie. Perfect, beautiful, beautiful.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this as a child. It's so simple and brilliant that it's amazing. You have got all the characters and brilliantly detailed and brilliantly acted and brilliantly directed scenes, so that you can really see what the movie is about. It is not hard to see the similarities between the two. I mean, what do you do with your mind when you are put in that situation, when you see your mum and dad together and you have to be honest about everything and just say something, and say something that hurt them? And then you have the great scene where your mum is telling your dad that you're gay. And then your mum says: "You're a f****** gay man. And your f****ing gay." And you're just stunned. And you just don't know what to say. It may be a hard movie, but it is a movie. It has a good storyline, but you don't have to see it to understand.   I just like the simplicity of the movie, the honesty and simplicity of being a film. It makes it so great. I love movies that are about real people and real emotions. This is one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Black Cat" is an outstanding film that stars a fantastic cast and includes some truly incredible special effects. The story concerns a cat that lives in a large house and eats human food to survive. There are a lot of different stories to tell and this one is not just about cats, it is about the struggles of the cat and it's human friend, it also has some really great music in the background which the cat uses for some amazing music.  The cat is the main protagonist and the human friend is the love interest. There is a bit of romance but nothing over the top, the ending is a nice surprise. The cat can also be seen as being quite different from a typical cat movie, but the story is not as strong as most other cat movies, especially those that are supposed to be pure entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was good and the performances from all the actors were great especially the lead actress. She is wonderful and very natural beauty. A great movie and the film was beautifully done and well directed. The camera moves smoothly and beautifully. The music was beautiful and moving and it made me feel for the characters. I did not like the story or the characters as much as I did like the music. It was so natural and beautiful. I wish I could rate it more. I think it was a beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite, but I still wouldn't say it's the perfect movie, but this is a good-looking, unique and very entertaining action movie.  If you haven't seen this movie, you don't have much imagination. I've seen it 3 times and I don't remember ever liking it.  But this is the perfect action movie to watch with your friends, or to buy if you like action movies.  My rating: 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of my favourite lines in the movie is when the main character gets up and says to the others, "I think we should all go back to the beach". This is not a compliment to the good movie, but a tribute to the courage of the brave men and women of the 50's and 60's who sacrificed so much for a cause of change in their own lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a short, sweet and moving movie that doesn't let the audience down. The story of an eccentric German scientist (Martin Wehling) that is visited by his brother, a lawyer (Lahr) that wants to help the scientist with his work. Wehlin, a real estate developer, becomes a real friend and asks the attorney to help him find a suitable woman to take care of his elderly and disabled wife.  The story builds nicely toward a shocking conclusion that leaves you guessing and wondering what is going to happen next. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an excellent film from a Canadian perspective. It is like no other movie from Canada. The acting is beautiful, and the direction masterfully conveys the nuances of loneliness, alienation, and alienation. The soundtrack is composed of some excellent Canadian music, and there are few films that have the emotional resonance of this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the masterpieces of the 20th century.  It is about the relationship between a single father and a single mother. The father is the traditionalist who has a conventional, traditional upbringing. The mother is the rebel and a free-spirited woman. They are both willing to change their way of thinking about life.  In "The Man in the Moon", the father (Paul Anderson) is a man whose wife (Amy Barrett) is not married, nor is he the typical traditionalist. Anderson is a successful businessman and Barrett is a rebel. They both want to be married.  The two are married and are about to be forced to separate. The husband (Paul Giamatti) is trying to make the best of a bad situation. But when Barrett discovers he has to choose between his family and his freedom, he makes a bold decision.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie had it's original run in the mid to late 90's. I can't believe that this movie still holds up after all this time. I loved the movie and would recommend it to anyone. It's still a cute movie with a good story and good music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story has a very powerful ending, as well as a powerful ending that is not bad at all. But I can't remember the last time I saw this movie, I was 7. I was amazed, amazed that such brilliant art could come from such a simple story. I remember the scene where the hero, the knight, is at the very end of the movie, and he tells the audience, and they all responded, "How did he do that amazing scene?" He did it beautifully.  I also have to mention, as others have, the very beautiful and very haunting ending, where the knight and the princess have a dream together, and one of them wakes up and tells her dreams. The end is so beautiful, I almost wet my pants. But the beauty of the ending is that it does not go for what I expected from this movie. It surprises me, and it surprises me even more so.  If I ever see this movie again, I will keep my eyes and my mouth open and my heart is filled with joy. I am, unfortunately, not the one that will ever see such beauty. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Somewhere In Time" was the best episode of The Twilight Zone. It was very suspenseful and had some great humor.  The only episodes that I know of that are better than "Somnambulist" are "To Die For" and "One of Us Too Many". Those episodes were not as good as "Somethings" is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating, romantic, and quite frightening, but very disturbing story.  It has been said before, I am unsure if I agree with that. The acting and story are unique and it is one of the most underrated indie films ever. It is filled with haunting imagery, dark, dark places, and startling images that come from all directions.  I like the music, which is by some unheard of indie acts. The cinematography is stunning, and the cinematography brilliantly captures the feeling of loneliness, alienation, and alienation that many people feel.  There are many images to be seen, but this is not one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic film about one man's struggle to find meaning, honor, and happiness in the middle east. An interesting and tragic film with a surprisingly small budget. Excellent performance from all involved. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a man that comes home from a holiday with his wife and finds that he has been attacked by a mysterious force.  The man rushes to the hospital and finds out that the mysterious force is the result of a meteor impact, and is being led by an ancient, bearded, black knight that he must defeat.  This is one of the great indian indian movies from director Peter Sollett, who also directed the film "A Brief History of Nearly Everything". The film is an intense, almost dreamlike experience that is filmed in glorious Technicolor and the entire experience is incredibly surreal.  What makes this film so great is the soundtrack, which was composed by the great Brian Jonestown-inspired composer Jeff Anton. The music is by the excellent Stephen Rea, who even has a cameo as the mysterious black knight. I have never seen a movie with Rea's music, but I am always surprised by it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was intriguing, it could be considered a sequel to 'Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon'. In this sequel, the main character, played by actor Anthony Yeung, battles with the dragon, who is also trying to kill the human who is trying to destroy the beast. They battle at the base of the Thousand Towers, where the hero saves the day again. The story is much the same, the hero is saved again and again by the dragon. He gets stronger and stronger as the dragon continues to try and destroy the hero. At the end, he has become stronger, so much that he is about to lose his life.  The action sequences are quite good, and the fight sequences are also very good, especially when they are combined with the special effects and costumes. The characters are all different, but the special effect work is also very imaginative. This is not a cheap movie, but a great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really great, action packed and well-acted film with a good story. The movie has good fight scenes, a good plot, good story, good special effects and a good ending. It will definitely not disappoint anyone, whether you are a fan of Bruce Lee or not. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing I have to say about this is that the movie is very good. It is one of those great romantic films that could be good, or bad. I have seen a lot of them, but this is masterfully beautiful. The story is about two people who have never met in real life, and there's great acting from the two leads. I was surprised that the two people were such great actors, and yet we got a great movie from the director, although it was not the best movie in the movie, I loved it. I am a little annoyed by the music, but I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very beautiful, almost surreal, and very honest and touching film, with good actors and good direction, that was directed by the great John Woo.  The movie's plot is somewhat complicated and the ending may not be completely understood, as I've read a lot, so I hope you don't need to see the movie to fully appreciate the movie.  I've seen the movie many times, but I hope I've also remembered the feeling of the entire movie in my heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I love the premise of the film, it is a very interesting concept. The plot is quite different from the original and the performances are great and so are the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie, the plot is very interesting and can be seen as a "B" movie, I just like it, and it is very well done. It is very emotional, but can be very brutal. It has been told many times before, so maybe this will be the first time i say something like this, so i just wanted to say to my fans that i liked this movie very much.   It was really surprising how realistic it was, and i am surprised how he is able to do such great acting. The film was very emotional and i have never seen a movie where the characters are so human and are so real. In my opinion the best film in the world is "The Godfather", but for some reason the other two films are not great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, I saw this film at the 2001 Palm Springs International Film Festival and enjoyed it. I still do. It was directed by Paul Verhoeven and the story was inspired by the play of Herman Melzner.  I think the movie is very well done, but I would not be surprised if Verhoevers got an award for the great film. The movie is a dark fantasy and if you watch the movie closely, you will still be able to see the fantastical aspects of the story.   I thought the best performance in the entire film is Michael Biehn as the villain and best friend. He really made his character a dark, conflicted and conflicted person. He is truly evil. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I've seen the movie many times but I've never been a big fan of Tom Hanks but this was great. Hanks plays a lawyer (Bond) who gets a case of his life and then he has to defend it. Bond tries his best to get Hanks off the case and win his freedom by using his connections to Hanks to put him on the stand. Hawning beauty and charm, the story is good, though not as good as it could have been.  The story has plenty of twists and turns and you will get more confused the more you watch it. The pacing is fast and keeps the story flowing. A great cast is in fine form, including Julia Stiles, Alison Eastwood, Julia Stules, Christina Applegate, and the lovely Miranda Richardson. The story is solid, and while it's not a true story, it is not the best movie ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie that was nominated for the 2005 Writers Guild of America awards for "Best Adapted Screenplay, Screenplay by Michael Haneke and the Producers Guild of Los Angeles." Hanecker's "Futuristic" screenplay and his direction brought together a magnificent cast of supporting characters and a superb story. "Fugitive" is an intense and intense movie with a tragic ending. It is a movie that deals with the aftermath of war, its effects on the psyche of its characters, and the future of the human race. It features some of the most heart-wrenching, tear-jerking, and powerful moments of the 2005 season.  "Futo" is also a powerful and depressing movie with the same premise.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised by this film. The story was very interesting and I thought it was interesting.  It was very emotional and very beautiful. The beautiful cinematography and beautiful music gave me a sense of what life is all about and I felt that this was the main theme of the movie.  I think that this is one of the great movie of all time. I have never seen it and I would like to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not a big movie person, I just enjoy the wonderful feeling of seeing the movie and this movie satisfies that craving. I'm going to watch it every day.  I give this movie an excellent 10/10. I like it. My favorite movie is "A Brief History of Time" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was beautifully directed by Gert de Graaff and the music is by Hugo Alfven.The movie contains a number of scenes that are used in other Ghibi movies.However, it is a little different to those other Goro movies. In particular, the music was beautiful,as was the plot. The movie is a bit longer,with a few more characters and more action. In comparison to Goro,this movie is still not too boring.  I loved this movie and hope that I can find a copy of it soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. It was directed by Richard Linklater, who also directed "Fast and Furious," which is probably the best film he ever made. I like that film as well, and "Fast And Furious" is another excellent film with great acting and great car stunts. I've seen a lot of the same movies, and I've been into them, and they don't even come close to "the best." "Fast" is a great example. The only thing that's not great is the car stunts and the car sequences, which are a bit much.  I've only seen "Fast & Furious" once, and that was for the movie's DVD release. I think "Fast Five" is still a better film than "Fast."  My rating: 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not easy to take a story like this and then adapt it to an action movie. In a movie like The Sentinel you have a very good story, you have great action scenes, and you even have a good ending. The Sentinel has all of these qualities. The story is great, action is great and so is the ending great. The end is perfect. It is realistic, and so are the characters. All of this happens because of the great work of the director and the brilliant cast. A very impressive film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing that bothered me is, after seeing this movie, I knew that this was going to be great. It was beautiful, brilliant, beautiful, beautiful. I love the movie. I will never look at my cat's web again. I have to see it again to know what it was like, how wonderful it was, how beautiful. This movie is perfect. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very powerful film. I think that it is very entertaining and it is a good film. However, it is not all about the acting. The main characters are very powerful. The ending is very good.  This movie was very good, although I like all the others. It is a great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I liked the first one. I don't see why I liked it. It's not a movie, its great acting, great directing and brilliant brilliant beautiful settings and brilliant cinematography. And that great acting and great cinematography is one of the great joys of the movie. The special effects are stunning, and the music works beautifully. It has a very good script and great direction. Excellent. 10/10. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a student at the University of Iowa, and this is my first ever film. I thought that it was an inspiring film for my classes. I had seen many of the films by other students, and I was interested in this film.  This film is very short. It is an intense film. It's about a family that has moved to the country, and their struggles and the interactions they have with others. It also deals with the idea of the people that are living in the middle. I've been living in Iowa for many years, and it was hard to see the struggles that people have had to go through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very emotional and uplifting movie with good acting and great cinematography. It is not a movie to be missed by anyone. It has a lot of surprises and surprises. The story is very good and interesting. The directing is beautiful and the cinematography is great. The sound is great especially the sound effects. All in all, a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am pleased to have seen this movie and I hope it will be released on Video, so that there is an English dubbed version and the same with subtitles. I would love to see the version without the stunning cinematography, the beautiful scenery and the beautiful music, but this movie works well and I think it should be released for all the world.   I love this movie, I want to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing I like about the movie is the cast of supporting actors. It was great to see the interaction of such diverse and talented individuals. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't understand why people dislike this movie so much.  There are few movies that are as good as this one. I especially like how it showed the relationship between the two main characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this at the 2002 Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Film Festival and was very impressed. I'd heard about it before and was excited to see it again.   It was great and I loved every minute of it. It was very heartfelt and well directed and I felt sad for all the other people involved in the film and felt bad about them. It made me feel like they had a really good life and that this was one of them.  I felt relieved when it ended. The last scene had me in tears. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the great story of the story of a young, dedicated father and his journey of self-discovery and growth.  The film is a bold move into the unknown and should be viewed with caution. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a classic, if not overdone. The story starts in the first scene in the story and then gets great great and great. Then the story is great. The actors beautifully play the lead roles, and the great performances are of the three main characters. The great performances come from the three children, and of course the great, great performances were by the two parents. I enjoyed the movie. This is a movie you don't want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was one of my favorite films ever made. It was beautifully filmed, but it also had great acting and beautiful music. It had a good plot and the story was very interesting and at times very confusing. I guess if you like watching people fight, this is the movie for you. I give it a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic romantic-comedy of 1940s Japan. It is one of the few films of its genre that actually resembles the romance genre. The plot is very similar to that of many other Japanese romantic comedies. The film has one of its many beautiful opening scenes (the beginning of the film) that is reminiscent of one of Nichiren's other works. This was the beginning of a great war, but the war itself lasted for almost 30 years and killed off most of the Japanese people. The only flaw of this film is that it was made in the early morning, so the audience would be very surprised by the fact that the war was over and that the story of the relationship between two people who have never met in person was lost. I don't think this is what most romantic comedie movies have. The director, Sugiyama, was a very talented and very good director of many romantic films in Japan.  The cast is very good, the story is very interesting, and the plot has good endings. The actors, from all the actors, are great, the special effects are amazing, and it's quite heart-breaking. I would recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, the movie is very entertaining. The main characters are very interesting and interesting and have interesting life stories. The director also masterfully shows the relationship of the main characters to each other in the most natural way possible.  The movie is not very violent and I believe most of the violence is staged in a very beautiful setting and the violence was very effective.  This is a movie with a great plot and great acting. I give this movie a 10/10. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been a huge Sam Peckinpah fan, and the way he manages to move the film in and out of Sam Peck's famous Hollywood career is a masterful performance.  Sam has never got so popular, nor is he a better actor than Sam Peck in other roles. Sam is at his best here, with a great performance, and he's a pleasure to watch. The film is shot with great style, and is very true to the legend of Sam's greatest film, which is also the story of his own journey in life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a HUGE horror film buff, i like the gore scenes, and love the good acting. The first and the best part of the movie is the beginning and the fight scenes, which are really bloody and very well done. The next best part is the ending, which is awesome. i have seen it a lot, and i still love it. The best part in the movie are the good ending and the very good ending, together with the special effects, which really made me jump.  The last great part is of course the great ending, and that is the best. i love it very much, and my rating is a very high one. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good romance, even if it's just between my kids. They get to be freaked out by the big monsters, who can appear in many different forms and who can be a totally different species. But the big, hairy, evil guys are just creepy enough to make me want to lock the door. I loved the first one, and the second one as much as the third one, but this is easily the best. Excellent workmanship and great special effects. Excellent special FX and great movie. A great romance. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the original movie which I had the pleasure to see at the London Premiere of this film in 2003. It had an opening which I think was one of the masterpieces of the entire series. This is still the best and most exciting of the films and it still had the originality and feel of a television show. The story of the life of a couple who meet on a night out at the local cinema. A very interesting relationship and relationship. I have to say I was amazed at the end of this movie and was wondering if it would be the same at home with my own children. It was a very emotional story with very good ending. I would recommend this to anyone who likes a good emotional story and has children under 7. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film twice, and after a few films I was excited to see it again. I was thrilled when I saw it again, because it showed a different side of the character, which I did not see at first. The film was beautiful, with nice looking cinematography and great performance. I would recommend this movie to everyone, and I hope that they do not get bored of the story, but just enjoy the beautiful scenery, and feel like they are all the time in a beautiful place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am not an great director. I've seen lots of great movies, and I think this one was great. I loved the first one, and that is why I am giving this one a 9. The special effects, brilliant direction and great cinematography brilliantly captured the essence of the movie, and captured it in a short time. It's a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie twice, and I'm really amazed at how masterful and brilliant it is. The first time I saw it was on a Danish channel, and was really a bit hard to take. The Danish movie was a good story, so I decided to watch it again and I loved it even more. Then I watched it again, and it still is great!  I love the first two movies of the series. They were the best of the lot, and the second one is the best!  This is a story of two girls and a boy. They are really the same character, so the performances of the two girls were really great.  If you have the chance to see the movie, don't hesitate! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting movie that I had to see. It's a very good-looking, and I think it could have been better if the special effects and camera settings were more realistic.  This movie doesn't take long before the action starts. The first half of the movie is a lot more action-oriented, and there's a lot less of it. I actually like this movie, but after that, it masterfully captures all of the horror and suspense elements.  One of the great things about this movie is the soundtrack. It really is eerie, and it fits perfectly into the plot.  It's one of the masterpieces of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the perfect film for everyone. I found it funny, and that is why I gave it such a high rating. I loved the characters, the humor, the story line, and the story. The acting was great, and everyone else did great performances. It is a great movie that everyone should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was so great, and i loved it. it was so wonderfully well done, and it was beautiful to look at. i love romances, and this movie shows exactly what is the romance between a woman and a man. but it is not forced. it is a very believable movie. you just feel that the two people that are in love are just a person that you would expect to be in love with, and to have the courage to admit that they have not seen each other in a long time. it also makes you feel that there is something wrong with them. there is some sadness in their hearts. but they are so brave to have this type of courage, that you cant bear to be scared of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like this series, you will probably not be disappointed. In fact, you may be very surprised.  The story may be weak or the other actors may be good, but it is a very interesting, fun and good show. It is not like The Apprentice or The Apprentice, where you have a great cast of characters and can really feel what they are all feeling and their problems. This show, on the other hand, is very serious, fun, interesting, and has some great entertainment value.   This is a good show and I am sure that it will not be very long before it gets to the next level. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very emotional and uplifting movie. The movie is a great tribute to the courage of the late, great singer/actor, Barbra Streisand. The story is of a great love story that is lost in the very act of singing. I found the movie to be very poignant in many parts and in many instances Barbra was just a supporting actor in the story. I would like to see more of her and the actors involved. This is such a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that you either don't care about, or love. It is a great thriller, but the plot is very good, and it is filled with surprises. I like the fact that the main character is played by a very good actor, but it makes the movie much better.  I would have liked to see the movie a lot longer, especially when it was done as a TV movie. The ending was great, and I loved the idea of the "new" girl. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film as a student, and after seeing it for the first time i can honestly say that i have seen all of the movies in this category.  In fact, the first one that i saw of all of them was this one, but this one stands great. Its simplicity and elegance works perfectly well, the movie works wonderfully for all audiences, especially those who are interested in watching films that are not too complex.  The music is brilliant, the actors great, the cinematography masterfully crafted.  This is the best movie i have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces of the first-ever American art film.  It's the story of two people trying to make a statement.  First is Pauline, a teacher at an art school in New York. She and her husband, Jack, are trying to show their "creative" talents, while also avoiding making any big mistakes.  Pauline is trying to do everything in her power to complete her art project, including painting, poetry, acting, and, most importantly, "the human body."  The movie is beautifully directed and the performances are masterfully nuanced.  The plot has many surprises, so it is very suspenseful.  One exciting scene is Paulina's attempts to make art by creating an intricate, layered portrait of her art teacher. The actors are believable and so are the other actors, the director, and the director of photography.  Also, it has great music and great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, this is not a typical romantic anime. The movie is a great idea. The characters are unique, and you will not get bored watching this anime.  The story is really very good, and the animation is beautiful.  There are a few problems that may happen, and I hope that they will fix those. If you like Miyazaki's Spirited Away, this will be great. If not, there are many other anime you can watch, and if you are not a person who likes anime that I recommend this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I'd like to say, that I loved the first one, but was surprised by the second one.  The story was different from the first film. The beginning is really interesting, the story is very interesting and it's a lot better to watch it on the right interest, and this is very entertaining and interesting at the end.  All the actors are fine, very well done and very good, and the story develops in a very interesting way. The best performance comes from the actress who played the main character, and she is really good.  It's really great, very beautiful and very erotic.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, I found myself very impressed. I was really impressed by the acting and brilliant direction, which I think is the best part of the movie. The movie is very beautiful and well-made, with a beautiful cinematography and great action.  If you like kung fu, or are a martial art film fan, you will probably enjoy this movie. I would recommend this movie to any one, whether they are kung Fu or not, but don't miss this one. It's pretty awesome, with great special effects, great special FX, great kungfu scenes, and some great special stunts.  8.5/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A little bird" was a wonderful film, and it was an enjoyable one, because it was not the typical 'chick flick' that is so popular. The main theme of the film is the bird and the song, and the actors were very good, and had good chemistry with the bird. I can't say it's better than any other chick flick. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting movie. It is a fairly dark, gory and very intense movie. The ending alone, makes the whole movie great. It's not cheesy but very well done. It has many scary scenes and also many great gory scenes, which makes the movie even scarier. If you want to see a great movie, and a gory movie, then this is it. It may be hard to find this movie on DVD, as it is one of the few movies that was not released on video before the end of 1999.  I am not much of a horror fan, but I enjoyed the movie and I recommend it. I don't recommend this movie to people who are expecting anything out of the ordinary, or horror lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was the wonderful first film from director Fred Gwynne and the excellent cast. It was one of those "studio fix" movies with great story and great directing and great timing and brilliant cinematography. Gwynnes' masterpiece is about a high school girl that has an insolent father (Jack Palance) that constantly berates her and gives her every chance to prove herself. One day, the girl is lured into the seedy, bustling city of New York. Palance plays her role perfectly and the story is powerful. The entire film works wonderfully. There is not one dull moment and the camera moves efficiently throughout the film and the editing is masterful. Glynne shows the beautiful Brooklyn Heights neighborhood as he works and the cast, led by Claire Danes, brilliantly captures the life of these young women who are just as lost in the city as they are in the suburbs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting and atmosphere. The cast is great especially from the main character to the main villain.   The music is of varied styles and it suits the characters to the setting and it is enjoyable to listen.  The main characters are good in this movie. It is very well acted and the characters are great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the movie and the actors. It was a good film. I saw it in the beginning when it was first released, and I was surprised. The plot was very interesting, and the story very good.  I hope that there are more movies from the director of this one in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this film. The story has a very good ending, the camera well shot, great use of beautiful colors, and the music very beautiful. I don't think that I will ever forget this film, but it seems to be one of the masterpieces of a film that makes you feel a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a film that offers you a chance to see some of the finest of modern cinema. It features a beautiful score, and some of its best dialog, but I can't remember it fondly, and I was amazed to find it was not a film in the traditional sense of the word, and in some parts the story is a bit boring. The film is certainly full of surprises and I wouldn't be surprised if it stayed that great.  I don't know what kind of movie this is, and if it's a comedy, I'm surprised. I thought it was funny at the beginning, and it certainly isn't boring, but if it has some meaning or something it is worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I have seen many films about women who are portrayed as victims, victims of sexual abuse and abuse. I am not. There are some who argue that it's all a matter of opinion. Others think it's a matter a person's faith and morals.  I think it is a matter that people are free to choose for themselves, and that it is wrong to make them think they are victims, or to give them a sense of self-victimization.  In my opinion, the portrayal of the woman who was abused by her father and then later by her stepfather and then by the priest is more damaging to her than the treatment she endured at the hands of the clergyman and churchman. I can only hope that people begin to realize the true victims are not men who have been abused by clergymen and churchgoers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am a huge sci-fi buff, and after watching this outstanding gem of a movie, I can't wait for another one to come along. It may not be the best, but it is one of the masterpieces of all time.  If you are a huge fan of science fiction, and you like the genre, this is for you. I recommend this movie to anyone interested in the genre.  I don't know what the ratings for this movie, but I hope they get it up to a 10. It's brilliant. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film about 15 years after my first view. In the same way that it wasn't bad, I haven't seen it bad since. The movie isn't about the usual sex and violence that we are used to see. It is about the relationship between a woman and a man. A woman finds out that he is infertile and that he needs to take care of his wife.  The movie is very good but it is not so good that you are not entertained. The story is not a typical one and is not about the typical story of infertiles and the infertific wife. The actors do good performances and the cinematography master brilliant work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is of an English girl's friendship with an Irishman (Logan). The two meet in a train on the way to New York, where Logan offers his help.   I won't say anything about the movie, as it's a mystery-drama, but the movie is definitely worth watching, especially considering the cast of the lead roles.  The direction is excellent, with great cinematography and great action scenes, which also make the movie more suspenseful.  Also, the ending is a mystery and makes me believe again in the strange world that exists beyond our eyes.  7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the greatest film of all time. A masterful film, and not a masterpiece, but a great masterpiece. A must see for movie buffs.  The story line is simple and straight to the point. An unhappy man, played by Brad Pitt, has his daughter, played to perfection by Tia Carre, and he has to take a road trip with his new found friend, played in the film by Scott Bakula, only to find that he has lost his way. While the story may seem strange, there is a message in the movie that seems to be universal:  if you want to experience change, change your mind.    The direction is beautiful, the cinematography beautiful, and the performances are great, especially from Brad Pitt and Tia CARRERE. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the way this movie is structured, it's realistic and makes you feel like you can actually understand the characters and not just be watching a bunch of movie-watchers, but I think the film works on a much grander level.    A very powerful cast that is made up of some well recognized actors that are able to act in a believable manner. A very strong screenplay that really works and works well. Excellent cinematography, fantastic cinematography and great directing. Perfect workmanship from everyone involved. Great acting. Perfect settings and great settings. beautiful settings. great cinematography. beautiful cinematography masterfully done. beautiful setting. beautiful and brilliant cinematography brilliantly done. great direction and great performances from all involved. Perfect casting for all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only other film about this famous stage play ever to be on the silver screen, is a film adaptation of the play which is filmed in its entirety and contains the same actors in their roles in the play. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is not only a comedy, but also has a decent plot. It has some great dialog and a good plot. The characters are all believable. The best performance is the one of the youngest actors who portrays a typical bick who is not very interested in any role. The movie is great fun and great fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie at the first ever screening in New York in 1996 and I was pleasantly impressed by the talent and direction of the actors. The plot is something that could only be told in a documentary, but it is masterfully done and the narration masterfully captures the feeling of a disoriented person in need of help. The scenes in the museum and in the elevator are as realistic as anything I have ever seen.  If you can see this movie, you will understand my feelings about this film, and you will see that I was wrong. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a wonderful film for a guy who loves seeing beautiful, fast-paced, suspenseful and action filled movies. This was definitely not one of those films. But I found myself watching it again and again. It kept great suspense, beautiful cinematography and great suspense. The ending surprised me the most. I felt relieved after seeing the last 10 minutes. The end was great, I loved it!!!!  The movie was a little slow paced, although I loved the action scenes. The action was fast and was very intense. The music was great. I could see why this movie is so well-known. The cinematography was great and great action.  This movie is not like the usual Hollywood fare. It's definitely not a typical "Cinema Paradis", with lots of special effects, lots of fast moving, lots and lots of suspense, but a very good suspense thriller with a lot of surprises.  I like this movie. I recommend this movie to everyone, but I hope it will find a distributor soon.   10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a simple story about a young, intelligent, and devoted girl with an insolent father and a big, stubborn mother. Her father, a coal-miner, is her big stepmother. She's a coal magnate who thinks she can bring a coal mine to life by using up her wealth to bring life to the mines. Her mother is the biggest fan of her daughter.  The two women are true coal-bangers. They both have big dreams, but they have to go through life with big dreams. The scene in the mine is truly beautiful. I can't take my eyes away from the scene in which the mother and daughter are on their way to the coal mines. The mother is going to get herself killed. The daughter is going through a really tough life.   I love the movie. It's so simple, beautiful, and touching. I'll be recommending this movie to my friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Wave" is a documentary film that explores the story of a man who has dedicated his life to helping people affected by the aftermath of WWII and the impact that his efforts have had on his family and his future. Director Douglas Sirkis makes a strong statement about the treatment of war-related events and how people were affected by war, famine, and other disasters. "The last wave" is also about the efforts of a woman called Helen who has seen the effects of war on people and decided to help. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this film, but it was too slow and was not as polished as I am used to. It shows a bit more how the police can be put on the case, how to frame a case.  Also I like the fact that the acting was great, and I think that this movie is pretty good as well.  It shows how it can happen, and how there are no real criminals, there is not a gang, no one to call your own, and you can even make your own conclusions about it yourself.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie reminded me of one of my favorite movies from the '80s: The Great Race.  This movie reminded us how a movie can be made and be a true story.  The cast was great and the action sequences brilliantly choreographed, especially the chase scene, which has you racing in between the characters in the park and you really don't want to slow down the action, even though it is not a chase movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen this movie twice and still think it is a great movie. However, it is nothing like the superb and original movie. The movie takes some interesting pictures and a plot and keeps moving along well. The director is very creative and you can tell he is able to tell a story without being limited to the set. It is a very unique and beautiful movie.  I really hope that more people will see this movie, so that they can learn more about this wonderful movie. And even if they have not seen it, they should still see this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been reading comments on IMDb for a long time. They are mostly from people who didn't know much about it. They didn't even know what it was about, so perhaps I should give them the summary here. This was a great film and it was made in 1999, so I guess that speaks volumes about the wonderful film it was. I was surprised by the acting, the beautiful scenery, and the beautiful acting from each of the major characters. They all delivered brilliantly.  The best scene I've ever seen in a movie was the one where the two main characters played an over-the-top version of the famous line from the film of Truman Capote. It was a very powerful moment, as they all played out the part of one real person who lost his life in the tragedy that took place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies. It is a great plot. It makes you angry and disgusted. You don't want to waste the beautiful moments. This is a movie that is about the treatment of animals and how the world treats animals and their lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who's read a book about this very topic I've seen many movies that have been made about this subject so I was happy to see a movie that had all the ingredients: A great story, brilliant cinematography master, beautiful cinematography, fantastic cinematography and great acting. And wow brilliant cinematographic master master stunning master beautifully captured the story and brilliantly delivered the story. I'd say I enjoyed it as much as any movie I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, the young American girl is going back to her childhood, and in the middle of the road she meets a mysterious old man. He tells her the story of her childhood. She tells the story to him and they become friends.  This is an intense and emotional story about the girl's life, from the time of her birth until the time she meets the mysterious old person. She meets the old man at a bus stop and she says, "I have to get away now. I want to see what is going to happen to me." He agrees.  The next day she goes home and finds that he has taken a new girl in and given her the same old bus ride.  I love this film because it shows a side of the young girl that doesn't show the negative side of her life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, but I'd like to be able to watch it in English.   It's the kind of movie that you don't have to take seriously.  I don't really take movies that seriously. So, this is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all I must say that this movie was the brilliant masterpiece of the director, and that it is a masterpiece. In the movie is not an ordinary action movie, with beautiful special effects, beautiful costumes, great cinematography, great acting, great music, great great settings, great directing, great masterpieces, great special effects and great beautiful settings, brilliant special effects with fantastic settings and great special FX, fantastic settings, fantastic special FX with brilliant settings, brilliantly beautiful special FX. The beautiful cinematography and FX is magnificent and works perfectly in the action. A great masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was so beautiful, and moving that it made me cry. The acting was great, the beautiful cinematography brilliant, and great performances by the two main characters. The beautiful cinematographic sequences, magnificent music, stunning scenery, and beautiful settings were breathtaking, and the beautiful scenery alone made this film seem more beautiful than life itself. I hope this film is released on DVD someday soon, and that more people get to see this beautiful film. I am very grateful for the amazing performance by David Hasselhoff, and he deserves an Oscar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action-packed and suspenseful movie that features the talents of David Hasselhoff, Brian Cox, Brian Redmon and George Hilton, with some great actors from the likes of Joe Mantegna and Timothy Spall. The plot is interesting and can be interpreted as either very exciting or very cheesy. I personally think the latter. I enjoyed the first and think this is a very good movie. It's hard to find any flaws in a movie and the action is very exciting and it's easy to understand why the characters are so hard to get along with.  I really hope this movie can be better known and released. The DVD looks and sounds amazing. I have only seen it once and I don't remember anything about it. It has to be out soon to be discovered. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was not an action-thrill film, nor was it a comedy with jokes, but it was great fun to watch. I am a bit surprised that I went to see it. The plot was unique and it was fun to see the main characters in their natural environment.  I am not the biggest fan of Sci-fi and this film was certainly not a great example. It has some really good shots and it has some rather bad acting from all the cast.   I enjoyed the first 5 minutes of the movie, and that was the best part. Then the movie really great and funny. I think you can see why. The first 5/6 of the film is pretty funny, but then it really great.  The movie is not a masterpiece, it is fun and you can enjoy it by yourself, it also has a lot of clichés, but I liked it and hope that others do as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this documentary to be inspirational. It was one of the masterpieces. The cinematography beautifully captures the power of the events and the emotion of the story, but it was the documentary that captured the story and gave it depth.   I would highly recommend this film to anyone seeking to learn about the history of this film and the story behind it. I hope this inspires others to see and learn. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie first when it was first released in 1993 and I had to find out what was going on. I had heard the voices of Michael Stivic and the actors who played the roles of Dr. Janos Rukh and Dr. John Le Mesurier. I was surprised to find that there was a person who played a role that I had never heard before, the role of Drabh. I have since searched for Drabhs in all the IMDb pictures of the last 30 years and this is the one and only role that has remained in my memory. I am sure it was one of the master actors of the film.  This is a movie I hope to be able to find. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of the film is good, the last scene was brilliant and the beautiful ending makes it even more believable and great.  I love this movie, and will watch it at least once a year. I've seen it for 10 years now and it still am one of my most favorite films ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the best version of this story is THE GODFATHER (1976) 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great animated shorts ever. I've seen some of the better animated films, and the animation is great. This is a little short.   The songs are nice. I haven't seen any of the animated shorts. I love them all, even though I did like the story and the special effects.  I love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of the 20th century, and I can't imagine that the people who saw it as a horror movie would be the same as those who did the same when they were kids.  I am not surprised that this movie has been made at the time, it was made as a way to make a film that was not too serious. However, the movie is great fun, it has plenty of great moments, and it has a good story that anyone could enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has all of the great qualities of a great film, but it's very entertaining.  The characters are great, the story wonderful and very touching, and the movie is beautiful, with stunning cinematography and great use of brilliant colors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way that the movie is constructed is so masterfully beautiful and so wonderfully acted. This is a movie about life, the choices that we have, the mistakes we make, and the choices we can make. This movie isn't just a movie. It's about the choices and the decisions that we make.  This is the movie that I've been waiting for, for years. The movie that is the true life.  I am a person that has been dealing with anxiety and depression since I've seen "Breaking the Rules," and this movie is the real "Breaking." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is beautifully shot, with a haunting, yet not at all cheap, score. The camera is great, and the film itself is great. This is the first film with an acting that was truly professional in every way, in terms of script, direction, production and editing. The direction is beautifully paced, and there are some beautiful shots, especially the last sequence in the film. This was made with some great imagination and excellent photography, and although the movie is very short, it is still worth watching in a few scenes. The soundtracks are also beautiful, and it's the first time I have seen a film with a truly good soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple, yet complex.  It's about a girl, her father and the two main characters in the story.  The movie is about a woman who, after her mother dies, returns home to her childhood village and takes her new job in the village.   The film is based on actual events that happened in a small village in India, and is quite disturbing and depressing.  One day, a woman named Devi decides to visit her parents in the old house and take tea. Her mother tells her that the man who killed her mother will no longer be living in the house and needs to be killed.  But the man, J, shows up. He is drunk, and in the middle of the day he leaves the woman's room, and goes to a nearby place where he meets the woman who has just arrived and wants to make tea with him. J refuses and the woman tells him that she is pregnant. J tells her not to disturb him, she will have to tell him when she gets back to the village that she has taken a wrong step.  J starts drinking, and tells her to wait, he's already drinking.  Soon the two become friends and the movie begins.  This movie is not for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you enjoy the classic Neil Simon stories, you will enjoy this movie.  I'm sure that most people who have not seen the movie, don't realize that it is very much a sequel to the classic.  There are some big differences between the two.   Firstly, the film is set in the 60's and not the present day.  Secondly, the acting is much more contemporary and the characters are more modern, with more realistic portrayals and better performances.  Thirdly, the plot is more like a modern day story with much less of the 'Bond-like plots' from the 40's.  Fourthly, it's not set in a fictional setting (it's actually in the actual location of a real hotel).  Fifthly, The plot is much stronger and more logical.  Sixthly, there is much less violence in the movie. (I guess this is the reason why some people find it so hard to understand this movie.)   Lastly, the music is more upbeat and full of emotions. The sound effects are also great.  Overall, I'd love to see this movie again, and I'd like to see more of the Bond movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film over a hundred times by now and it still remains one of the masterpieces from director Fred Schepisi. In this film he has filmed the most important moments in human history.  One of the great things about this film is that it is very short. It is so short and so beautifully filmed that it could be one of those great film. It also features a very interesting and very disturbing story about the treatment of prisoners in Nazi concentration camps.   It is not only about the Germans, but also the British. I have also seen the film many times in the last decade by people who were Jewish and who live in London. It really is about all the non-Jewish victims of Nazi extermination who were rounded up and murdered. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the wonderful story of a young, but conflicted and lonely high school girl, whose family she grew up in, and her struggles for her own identity and happiness. It is one of those movies where you have a wonderful sense of the characters and how their lives have affected them. It also deals with the theme of people who are lonely and hurt, and those who just do nothing to help them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was going to see this as a student in the spring semester and had the pleasure to see the movie and I was very impressed with the beauty and elegance of the story. I went back to my hotel room and I saw that my face had become red and I thought I was at first touched my eyes. It was a beautiful, romantic story. The ending alone made me cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hannibal" is a romantic and emotional film with lots of surprises. It was directed by Gioia Rocca and was made for the Italian TV, the biggest Italian television station. The movie is a very emotional story about love, sexual relations, madness, insanity, death, drugs, and drug addiction. It tells how the life of two lovers of Gio is very different.  The movie starts very good and is full of shocking scenes. The first scenes are good, but the movie is so great, beautiful, and so shocking you don't care anymore. Rocca has great sense of cinematography, great acting skills, great direction, great casting. Excellent performances from Stefania Rocca, Fabio Rocca as Gio, Fabiolo Rocca (the director of "Asteroids"), and Stefania Rizzo (the main character of the film). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the first film that director Frank S. Lloyd did that didn't go for the usual big budget Hollywood production and instead focused on the more intimate story of his life with his two young children. The performances are remarkable given the very short runtime. The film is still over two hours long, although that could be edited down to about half an hour without losing the overall impact of the story.   It's a little confusing, especially as to why this movie is in the same class as the other two films (Bondage of the Vampire is more violent and is just a good deal longer). Also, the ending is a bit of a surprise, but it could have easily been omitted.  So it isn't an ordinary vampire story. It's definitely a little strange and a very powerful one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an enjoyable film with a good plot and very good photography. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was made during the summer of 1936. It was the first movie to be shot in a big way. The camera moves and the angles and the lighting great. The actors masterfully captured the mood of the time, and captured the fear of the modern world, that is, the fear and the lack of upward mobility and upward income. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second animated feature I have seen that focuses on a young, rather than a mature story. It has a similar plot, as it was the case with the first, but is better. It is, in essence, the story of how the lives of the two main characters, Alon and Laine, are affected by the same situation.  The movie is a great example of how to do it right, which is something that animators should learn. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie at least 6 times. I am surprised it gets better than it ever has. It is very masterfully crafted in every way. A great storyline with great twists and turns. It has a very strong cast with some great performances. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very funny movie with a very good plot and an easy-going tone. It's one of those quirky, low budget movies that you're going to see when you're drunk and you're just on the edge of your seat. You'll see the drunk in the bar and the rest of them will be off in the woods, having great adventures. But this movie is one of my favorites. It has a very simple, but funny plot. It also has good acting. I don't really remember any of the actors from the movie, but if I do, I'll remember one name: Bill Nunnelly. I'll always remember him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie because it was funny and because it dealt with the situation of the young people in the middle east who are so isolated. I hope the movie is as successful as the original cartoon, as far as the animation goes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It's an absolutely great movie if you know what i mean about the "romp" genre, which is a genre that was created and developed by the Japanese to take their own creative energies and ideas and do them with style. But it's one of the masterpieces that i've seen in the last years. In the beginning, there are some good examples of "rompl" in the film, but after the end, the film is masterfully crafted. It's full of brilliant imagination, full of great acting, great directing, great cinematography and great imagination. The actors are perfect, especially the actress that played the female lead in the movie "Kanin" (Hideko Hara). The director Masayuki Suo is also very impressive, the cinematography is magnificent, the brilliant music, the magnificent atmosphere and stunning images... all together masterfully.  Definitely one of my favorite movies in the world.  10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who loved the series, this movie is for you. I hope you'll join me in a love/memories of the series to see this movie for yourself.  I hope the rest of you do too.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this show but did not expect much from it but I did enjoy seeing the cast do their usual great acting and great writing. It is a show that I wish had come true and not been cancelled. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that's very emotional, very touching and very brave. It is about a very brave woman who rescues a small boy from a very dangerous situation and brings him to her mother. When the mother discovers that she is responsible for the child's actions, she becomes mad. When she is confronted with the reality of her responsibility, she turns out to be a very human being. The film is very disturbing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic, romantic and not so much a drama as a comedy, it was written for a very real time audience. A very touching story with great acting from all the characters. A great idea. I would like to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very short and sweet, suspenseful and powerful film that tells the story of a young woman's attempts to become a witch. It is quite similar to the Gothic horror genre. It was shot on the same weekend, and it is not really a remake or a remake, but a tribute to the original movie. It features very atmospheric music, good cinematography and great acting from a good cast. I also liked the use of real castles, as it is very dark, atmospheric and creepy, and this was also very impressive.  I found the ending a little weak, but it wasn't as powerful as the rest of the movie. The story and the direction are very good, but the music was good as well. The acting was also great, and the cinematography was very atmospheric. It also makes me angry and sad, which was also the feeling of most of the other characters. It has been 5 years since I've seen it, and I still have nightmares about this movie.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first of all I am an ardent viewer of this film. I find it disturbing and disturbing and am horrified at what I perceive is a story of real human sacrifice. It is certainly not a film that depicts a documentary style of documentary work, nor is it a drama that focuses on the actual events. This is a documentary that focuses more on the lives of actual people who are affected by gun violence, mental illness, homelessness and drug addiction.  This is not a documentary. The film is powerfully focused on the tragic lives of the people who live these lives, and the stories they share.  The actors are strong, but the director has skillfully brought life to these people, showing them to be human beings with hearts and souls.  It is not disturbing that we are able to empathize with these people and understand their pain. The documentary style is disturbing and powerful.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very charming film with a very simple, beautiful score. It's the first time that the composer of the Gothic series has been associated with the Gothic theme. It has been used many times before and I'm surprised that this one is the best. It certainly is the one that I have seen most often and I can't imagine how it will ever be used again.  It features a very strange script and I don't know how often it has been translated to English. The main protagonist is a simple and cheerful man. He's the only person in the entire film who seems to be able to overcome life's troubles.  I found the ending very disturbing, although I wouldn't give it a high score. The story is very simple and full of suspense, but also very sad. I'm glad that it will never be used in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original Planet of the Apes had more space for the animals and their family members. This movie has none of that. Its wonderful adventure of finding the hidden world of Apes was still fresh in my mind when I saw it. The best part is the first scenes that make you feel like you are still a child again.  The special effects and cinematography and music are amazing and very inspiring. The songs and special effects are fantastic, so I was surprised to see them again, so that I was pleased.  I am a big fan of Pixar and was surprised with this movie. I really enjoyed it and I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed with this film. I really liked it. The cast were great, the direction brilliant and brilliantly diverse, the cinematography beautiful. I think this is the perfect film for a noir thriller. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie surprised me because it was the first time I saw Richard Linklater in his prime (although he was a great writer and director in the 1930s). This movie is based on a true story of one man's struggle to get the girl. The story is not about a famous person or famous event, it is about a man who struggles with his own life and is ultimately given a chance to win the girl he has been chasing. I saw this movie last year at the National Film Theatre in LA and it was an incredible experience. I don't know if I've seen this movie on TV, I just know that it is on DVD. It has probably lost its special meaning due to its time, so I'll just add that to the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning of this film, the story is about a couple of friends that have lost their lives in a plane crash and want to return to their hometown in Florida for some reunions with their families, one of the survivors of the crash gets killed by an oncoming train, and then another survivor, a man who has not been to a funeral in a long time, gets killed in a different way.  This film is about all these stories and about the lives of the trainees. The acting is great, and the story works great, the film is well directed, and you will be entertained and not confused, and it has a good ending.   I give this movie a 9/10, and i would recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is not so much a film in the traditional sense, although it does seem to be more a movie that captures the essence of the book.  The direction is crisp, the colours vivid and the story captivating.  I am glad to see a different take on the story of this movie, which would have been a great addition to the series.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film opens with a beautiful view of the ancient city of Teotihuacan. It is one of many ancient cities that dot the area. They are all in the same state, one with lots of temples, and they all look the same.  This is a film that has a fascinating history and one of the most famous cinemas I have ever seen. It also deals with the area's indigenous people and the illegal drug trade.  The acting is strong and the film is well-made.  It is not all that I would recommend to any one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have a good laugh and like a good film, then watch this! My first time seeing this was on a movie channel. I am not sure why it never got on TV. I think it is because of my children, they loved it. They said, "Dad, the best movie I ever saw". My wife was laughing and my children were loving. They were both in the movie at the same time.  I watched this movie at three in the morning with my kids. It was funny to them and to me. I thought it was very funny and I thought that people should see it. The humor is good, the acting is great and it will make you mad and tired. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember when I was little, and I was a kid, I would watch this and get scared. I was scared of anything scary, but was scared by this film. I still am scared by it, even to this day.   It was the first movie I saw in which I felt I had nightmares, and it scared me to death. It is still the only movie I have ever seen in which my fears of a black hat had become reality.  It is so scary and I can't even remember the movie. It still haunts me when I see it, and makes me shudder and wonder if I will ever forget that nightmare.  I wish the whole movie had been made in 1990! I would buy it, because this movie is still scary! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It has been several months since the last one, and the new one isn't that good. The first one had a good plot with good characters, but it didn't get the full beauty of the series. The acting was great, especially from the leading man and the other actors. The direction masterfully captured all the essence of the show without being sensationalist or sentimentalist. This is a great cast, but a great story overall.  10/10, great series and great acting. 7/10. 7 STARS. 10/ beauty, great acting, great directing, brilliant and beautiful sets and stunning music. 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the film since I was 12 years old and it still haunts me even now. My favorite line in the whole film is the one at the beginning, which was spoken by the late, great comedian Stan Kelly (John Ritter) to the writer and director (Robert Stack). The other two lines were the most powerful, the scene where Stack said, "I wonder if I'll ever get the urge to do something with my life." (I wonder the same thing now?)  As I am sure many of you are too young to be bothered by the premise of the film, but you are very mature when you have a real life, and will appreciate the film as much as I did. This is not a film for kids only, as it has something for the mature viewer too. I recommend this film to any movie fan, or just plain curious people. It is not for the average movie-goer, as many people probably are already familiar with the plot of the movie, and don't understand why the movie is made in the first place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very romantic comedy that tries to portray the typical relationship between a young woman and a mature man. The film is not very erotic, it's not sensationalist and the acting is masterfully nuanced and realistic. The plot is very entertaining and the movie keeps you interested and makes you smile through the entire movie. A perfect romantic comedy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I like this movie. I think it's more accurate than a lot of the bad TV movies. The best part is when the mother is in the house and a stranger comes in. She looks up and sees the stranger and goes to greet her. This happens very naturally. It is so natural that you don't know whether the mother saw the stranger or not. She can tell you, but you'll never know if you ask her.  It is very touching, and it made me cry in a few scenes, so I was glad to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie has a great plot. I think everyone could see the movie and feel the emotions. It is very well done in every aspect. The music is good and I enjoyed the movie very much. It was not like a horror movie, it was a very emotional movie. It makes you feel that every character is human and you have to think about them and care about them. I just wanted to thank the director for great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing that I would like to say is that it's dated. If you are looking for something more than just a great romance then I would suggest checking out this movie. The acting masterfully conveys the emotions of a young woman, the vicissitudes of a father, and the vicitudes of two mothers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a story of a small family that tries to find a way out of its own shadow and to become a true independent living. The story is very real and has a great message. If you don't like to live in a house with a big yard, you'll like this movie. I liked the first two but then the third one, and the wonderful acting by all involved. This is an indie film with some great performances and a great cast.  This movie is a real must-see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are interested in exploring the relationship of a young woman and a mature man, this movie will give you some clues.  The movie is set in a modern, industrialized Japanese city. The movie features a lot of fast cars, and a very high rate of safety. The plot has a lot to do with the city, but it isn't a boring one.  I've watched the movie several times, and I still keep getting the same feeling whenever I watch it.  It was great movie, but the actors did a good job. I think this movie was very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best horror movies ever! The director, Richard Shepard (who directed The Ring and was also involved in the remake of The Shining), makes a great movie! The story is based on the true story of a very strange and sinister legend, the story of an Irish witch (Brendan Gleeson) and his pursuit by the very powerful (Ida Galli) witch of old Ireland, and their fight over the evil that lurks around them. In order to gain his trust, the witch needs to be burned at the stake and Brendan's ashes scattered in a river!  The film takes place in 18th century Ireland, near a large church. Brendan Gleeson, (Brendnan Gleeson again), has become the pastor of the church and has the misfortune to find out that a group of people is using a nearby ancient book (the Book of Kells) to cast spells. In this movie, Brendan uses his magic book to discover that the witches of Ireland (Ira Doyle, (Kris Lansbury), are using an ancient ritual book (Kells) in order to cast a shadow over the villagers and scare them. The villagers are scared of Brendan and he starts to fear for his safety. The witch in the nearby river also casts a shadow on Brendan, and the villagers become fearful of their surroundings. The witches use their book in a great way to kill Brendan and in the end he is saved from the witches by Ida Gallini (Ioan Gruffudd) a very mysterious witch and a very brave boy.  The ending is a mystery, but is one of the most suspenseful endings ever seen!  8.5/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Fiddler On The Roof" is a true story of a struggling artist, his struggle to find meaning, his relationship with a friend and his desire for the unknown. It also shows how a true friendship can be born.    It's not as bad as the "Fisher King" or "Kung Fu" movies, but it is certainly not bad. It has a good plot, and it's not boring, it's full of great performances. And the film is a great feel good about everything that happens to Fiddler, as he has a unique voice and an amazing sense of humor.  I wish this film was longer! 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the movie is filmed and the use of live actors in such masterfully crafted works is always wonderful. The use of actual locations is masterfully chosen to enhance the impact of the story. The cast gives wonderful performances, but the story itself is powerful. The direction masterfully shows the relationship between the older woman (Rochester) and the younger man (Walter), but the central theme of their struggle is the human experience.  The story of a young couple is well handled, and there is a wonderful performance by Rochester's sister (Susan).  The direction in this film is strong and moving, and the music is excellent, too. The ending is devastating, too, and it is probably the strongest piece of work I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very emotional and touching movie. I found myself crying in some parts. It made me feel like i was there with the other movie goers. I hope to one day make this into a movie. The movie shows the real life experiences of the real people. This movie shows people who have lived with serious illnesses, how they are treated with discrimination and how they have a positive attitude towards life. It shows that when someone with a terminal illness has a life long struggle with illness, their family, friends and community support are there for them. It also shows how the community is there for those who are sick with terminal illnesses. The family, the church, and all of the other people in the hospital are there to help them as they battle this illness. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A few years ago, the acting in "Criminally Insane" was at its peak. It's hard to believe that there are still people who enjoy this wonderful little movie. If you love seeing classic horror flicks, you'll love "Climbing Mount Olympus" as well.   I would love to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie for the first time, in a simple, but effective way. A very clever story with good characters and good directing, great use of the cinematography and good use of all the visual effects. Highly recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a surprise for me. The acting, brilliant performances, fantastic settings, beautiful settings, great direction and wonderful great cinematography, brilliant photography, brilliant musical score, great acting performances, wonderful settings, brilliant cinematography masterworks, great beautiful settings and great special effects, brilliant beautiful settings in beautiful locations and wonderful special effects. It is a masterpiece that should be seen and enjoyed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very short film with a good ending. The film is short, sweet, and so beautiful that I could almost see every image on the screen and even feel the emotions of the actors and the director. The acting is great, and the plot is great. The beauty and great beauty of the film makes this film perfect. The camera is great and the settings wonderful. The movie is beautiful and I recommend it to anyone interested in a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard of the film for quite a while and was very excited. I went to see the film at the New York Film Festival, and the audience seemed very, very interested. So I got curious to see it, so I went over to see.  The story was interesting, and it had the makings of an intelligent story. The characters were interesting and realistic, and you could see the movie was actually influenced by the author's own life, which is so rare these days. But I enjoyed the movie and would love to see more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Babylon 7: The Awakening" is one of those "greatest" Sci-Fi films ever made. It features an excellent plot, good special effects and good acting and some great special effects, including the stunning "Death of Alexander" and "Bend it Like Beckham" and the incredible "Plan 9" (the movie was based on a real-life event, when the United States was preparing to attack the Japanese in World War II).  This movie is very entertaining and is highly recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was beautifully filmed in its simplicity and simplicity.The camera was beautifully focused and captured the essence of the story in a way that few movies achieve.  The story is really simple. It really is. The main character is very simple and thoughtful. He has a strong opinion of life, of the world, and his own destiny.  This film is very powerful in showing the idea that we are not only living in the world and our own dreams and destinies. The actors did great acting. The directing brilliant.The cinematography beautiful.The story amazing.  It has something to say about all of us. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like this show, or are a fan of the cast of the show, you will love this show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have ever been to see a silent film, this is it. The first half of this film is a brilliant portrayal of the life of a woman in mourning for her lost child and her struggles for acceptance of herself and her life. This movie is about her struggle to come to terms with her life as a mother and to accept her own needs and needs for herself. This is not a typical story of a mother in mourning.   The second half is a much stronger picture of a person who is in denial about her own feelings and needs.  This is a moving story. I have not met any of the people who are involved in this film, so I cannot compare them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time, and it is a classic. The acting is great, and the story is great. The beautiful music is very appropriate for a film in its genre. I like the idea of a child who comes from the countryside and becomes a big-city kid, but I like it when the character is played by Alisan Porter, and he portrays a very natural man.  The plot is interesting, and I like some of the subplots that the movie does not show.  There are lots of great scenes, and this is a nice one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is unique. The story is not set in the Stone Age, and the cast is splendid, and includes some familiar faces, and a boy with an inconsolent speech impediment.  The special effects are amazing, and this is one of the best animated films I've ever seen. The animation is also amazing, especially when the horses are moving, as they should be in the original animated version.    I have never seen a movie like this before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best romantic anime I've seen has been Nausicca, although I've only seen the 2nd episode. This is the story of a woman (Lanter) who, after her fiance's death, decides to look after her little daughter (Grafen) in the city, but after some complications, a strange man (Kanin) in a strange mask (who appears to be the reincarnation of the deceased) appears.    The animation in Nausicaa is very stylised. The characters are well designed, with the characters' facial expressions and body language being used very well. There are many beautiful looking scenes, and I found that the scenes where the characters were in the hospital were particularly interesting. It is a very dark, gloomy, depressing, and depressing anime, very much like the first episode of Nausicasa.  It isn't that I don't like dark, depressing anime. It's that the characters are so human. They look like real people with real problems. They've all got secrets and secrets. There's also a very strong feeling of "one of us" in this anime. We are all "one" in the end, with all of the feelings and feelings we've ever felt. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film in the eighties, when it was first released, and after a short time I was amazed. I knew I had to write something for it, so I turned on the television to watch. And it was amazing. The masterful performance of Rosalind Russell was stunning. The movie has wonderful moments, and the story is beautiful and full of mystery. The story of Rosaline's relationship with the mysterious man and the young man she meets while out on holiday is full of adventure and suspense. The romance is like no other. You are drawn in, not as you would expect it to be, but as you are swept away. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had always wanted to see the series and after the series started, I got so excited and anxious to see it again, but after the first episode, I was completely swept away. I have to say that this is an excellent and original story, and that, after watching it again this year, I'm still scared.  I've been trying to watch the whole series ever since it came out on DVD, and after finally seeing the series again, I can finally say that I can watch it without a doubt, and the scares are still scary. The series is a mix of the series, and it has the same mix of characters, and scares.   In the series' most terrifying moment, there is a man with a chainsaw, in a basement, that is constantly screaming and screaming in agony and agony. He is trapped, and can't even cry out, his eyes and mouth are open, his face is bent in a deep depression, and his skin is covered in sweat. The only sound that can be heard is his scream. It's eerie, it's foreboding and really can't be heard because it's so disturbing. The rest of the cast is as scary and terrifying as any series, although it's still not the best series I've ever seen. The characters are all believable, the plot is brilliant and you have to see this to believe that this could be the best thing on the show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was looking for a movie that was so intriguing. I found one on a french channel and i thought that it was interesting. So I went to my favorite movie: "Porno-Paradise" and watched it. I had a great experience.  I think that the story is very good, it was very intense and very disturbing. And the actors and the director are brilliant. I really love it, but I would like to recommend this movie to everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a remake of "The Cabinet of Dr Caligari" a comedy which was first released in 1931. The plot is the same and the jokes are funny, the script is the exact same and also the performances of the actors are brilliant.  "Cabinet of Dr. Caligar" is an entertaining comedy that is a good imitation of the plot of the great movie "The House of Games" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I would say that in comparison to "A Double Life", this was much more "realistic". I've seen the movie about 7 times now and I still get a chill whenever I see it. I'm surprised that it took such great acting talents to master this gripping, suspenseful, suspense-filled movie.  One scene I liked was when the car was pulling away and the driver was going through the rear door and the rear passenger door opened and he was still going in to the car. The scene was chilling and was actually scary. I like the movie because it was real. It had an impact on me and made me feel very, very safe. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Red Sea" is a wonderful film. It follows the life of three British brothers who have just finished their exams and are in search of a new way to break into the world of business. In this way, the story of how the brothers deal with the competitive environment and how they overcome the obstacles that come their way is shown. The actors are excellent. The script master master, Richard Shepard, masterfully crafted a great story. And the other actors, from the young to the old, give wonderful performances in an environment in which one is naturally selfish.  "Red Sea" will be on the telly sometime next year. But, in the meantime, check out "The Black Cat" from the BBC's "Planet Earth". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who has seen a good documentary on this subject, I found myself comparing all of these other documentaries to this one, and coming to the conclusion that the only documentaries that I had seen so far were from The Human Journey, with documentaries like The Sea Around Us, Planet Earth, and The Nature of Things.   The story is beautiful, the photography great, and the acting superb. The acting is great, from the director and the lead actors, to the cameramen, to all the crew members. The beautiful cinematography and beautiful images really make this documentary unforgettable. It's not for everyone, but I hope everyone sees it. I hope it has an impact on how we look at the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is brilliant. It made me feel like a true movie fan for the first time.  The music in this movie is amazing and has a beautiful feel to it. The story is very emotional and makes me want to see more of it and feel the same as I felt after the first movie.  This is a beautiful movie. A great effort to bring people back to life.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story follows the lives of a couple of very wealthy people. They have a very nice life, with good family values. They are very good people, who make a big difference between work and play. This is a story of a woman who lives life as a housewife, who works very hard and goes to church every Sunday morning to be with God. This story is told in a very interesting way, and it works. The actors are very believable. The story is very interesting and you can't wait for the end to be happy and fulfilled. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this in 1976 and it was one of the first horror pictures that I ever saw. I never saw another horror film and I didn't like this one very much.  I don't think that the originality of the film is the best, but the acting brilliant, the atmosphere beautiful and the haunting haunting. The soundtracks are eerie and very eerie, and the acting superb.  This film was not made as a masterpiece, but as a great horror movie. It is an underrated film in this regard. It's not like a movie that should be watched over and over again. I don.t know if I'll ever forget this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was watching this at the Bijou Festival in Barcelona. The film is a good film. The Spanish Civil War took place in 1936 and the war of 1936-39 took place during that time. The war lasted two years. Spain was in the middle of the war. They had a republic. The people were fighting for their country and for their ideals.  The film portrays some of the most important events in Spain during this time and all of them in a very moving way.    The people are portrayed as mindless drones. They are very human beings with emotions, with emotions of hate, and with anger. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film at age 20 and enjoyed it, but at age 25, I found it to be very inspiring. I had never seen anything like this before, and the story itself was touching. The ending made me cry. It was a real tear-jerker.  This film shows that there is a real person behind the scenes of the disaster, who was very scared to death, and yet found strength and hope through the eyes of others.  I am really not going to give anything away, but I think you can guess the ending. I am going to keep this one to myself forever, and hope that there are more to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie and has something to do with the ancient Egyptian history. I have seen it several times in my time and still find it annoying. I just wish I could buy it on video so I could show it to my friends and they could see why I'm so obsessed with it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a real fan of this movie. My first experience with it was when I saw it as a kid (approximately ten years ago), and I still have nightmares about nightmares about it. The movie is still very scary to me.  The movie scared me a lot. I mean, it scared me very, very bad. It scared me to death, but I never experienced anything so terrifying and terrifying in a movie, and I have never suffered from such a disturbing movie.  I'm very grateful that I saw this film, because this movie has been on my heart since. It has touched my heart so many times, I am scared that I will never see this movie again.  This movie is a very good movie, even though it is not for everyone. The ending is very disturbing. I highly recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic, if you like The Good Fellows or The Last Picture Show, this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an original and very well made movie with good special effects and effects, a good story and the ability to use lots of imagination and lots of fun in order to make a good film. The story is simple and very entertaining, with some nice slap stick action scenes and special effects that are well done, but not over the top.  The movie is short, with the story very simple and easy to follow, with great special effects. The only downside I can see in this movie is if you don't like it, you will hate it. The action is very good, and I like it because the story is very original and fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, the story of a detective investigating the murder of a doctor, the doctor's assistant, the assistant's life, the life of the doctor and the life in the hospital and the events surrounding the death of the patient all become clear.   A very suspenseful and beautiful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I remember seeing this movie as a child. It still haunts me to this day. I don't know if I would recommend it to anyone, or if I have to, it is a good enough horror movie. I wouldn't know, but I have seen it many times since, and it still haunters me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an emotional documentary about the lives of four young people - two girls and two boys - in the rural community of Pakeer, a small village in South Africa. We are taken to a local school where we are given a tour of a school that has just one teacher and one teacher (one is a father of the girl, one a father).  We are then taken to the village home of the four girls and one of the boys (the girls are now in school).  This film is a powerful and honest look at what life is like in Pakee.  The film is shot in color and black and there are no music or other visuals in the film. The interviews are strong, with one mother expressing how hard life is for her and her two daughters, with another one of her daughters saying how hard it was for her to watch their mother.  This documentary is important because it portrays the life of a poor African family and because of its subject matter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was beautifully scripted, but I found it so entrancing, it was hard not to fall in love with it. There is so much to the story, from the great acting to the beautiful scenery. The actors were so perfect, and the beautiful shots so beautifully captured the story. A great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, let me say that I don't think it's a movie that deserves to be called a masterpiece, it's an entertaining entertainment movie with a good script and good directing. This movie was nominated for the Academy Awards for best movie and it was well received.  This movie is an excellent and very emotional drama. It shows the human side of the movie industry and how some people are able to take a very sad story and make it into a movie, great acting, beautiful settings, brilliant special effects, beautiful locations and great directing.  A well done movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original version is not much better than the updated version, but the director has managed to make the original entertaining again. The characters are more realistic and there are more suspense, as the audience knows more about the characters and their situation.  A lot of the music has been re-recorded and re-arranged, and there is much more ambient music in the film, but there are no changes to the original song. The actors are all good.  This is not as cheesy as some of the newer American films.  10/10 brilliant! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of this movie was great and it was great. The second half of the movie was amazing masterpieces and great acting by the actors and beautiful cinematography by the master of all japanese films,Akira Kurosawa. I liked it. I don't know if i will ever be able to see a Japanese movie again and i think i will only get to see this masterpiece. It has a nice plot, beautiful photography and great music. I recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie twice, and I've noticed I was fascinated by the plot, and the direction. The acting was superb, the beautiful cinematography beautiful, beautiful film. Very beautiful!  It had the same story, but different perspective. It was about a woman who is caught in the middle of the middle between two cultures, who have different views on life, and who, in the end, decides to choose between her two cultures.  In this case, it was an Italian family living in an old Italian villa.    This movie is a different story. It is about the same Italian family, which is living in the same old house, in a different neighborhood. It shows Italian life from different perspectives.  The movie is interesting, and it is a strange movie. I don't know if I have to say anything more about this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best show in the history. The one which is considered to be the first to have been nominated for the Emmy awards, was the first installment of a science-fiction series, which had never been produced before. The series had a very good start, but by the time the next show was due to come to an end, there were no more episodes.  The story was good, but was developed much further. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story of the young girl who goes to live with her aunties is something that I would love to hear about. This film is very touching and I think I will always live with the scars of this kind of childhood. It is a very sad and lonely story, that no one should ever have the chance to experience. The aunties are the ones that live with a childhood that makes them happy and neglectful. I have seen all the stories about this kind, so I do not know anything about the people living in the island. I do know that there are some people who have not been able to live their lives without their family and that they do not like it.  I give this film the highest rating of a 10 because of the graphic violence, rape, and abuse. The film is a beautiful work of art and can only be understood by those who like such kind of art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films that you don't know much about and that I never heard of it before but that I watched it just as it came out on the telly. It is a funny movie and I love the first one, that was the best and I am a big John Candy fan. If you like the John Candy movies, watch this one, even if you don;t like it, the acting is good. This movie is a lot of fun to watch. My rating is 4/5* 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was fantastic, the story beautiful and touching, the performances memorable. The cast of actors are of course also good, and the cinematography masterfully captures the feel of the island.   The scene in the cemetery where the coffin of the deceased is placed on a marble slab, with its head facing downwards and resting on a palm tree is the scene where the young boy comes in and asks the old woman, "Why do you want to see the dead?"  The young boy asks, "I'm not dead, are you?" The woman looks up and says "I am not dead yet," and the young man comes in.  The old woman tells the young lad to look for her, and he finds his mother and grandmother, and asks her why she didn't look for him.  "The dead are all the living dead," the grandmother says.  Then the young child says, "Look for a lady in white," and he runs off.  A beautiful film, which has some flaws, I guess. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very well directed movie. Great cast. Very well done and great atmosphere. Very beautiful. I could go on and on but I will just give you a short list of my favorite actors in the movie and you can't help but notice the names. They were all brilliant. I especially liked the guy who played the "sucker" - the one who gets drunk and whines.  The movie is set in the middle east in the 60's. The film takes place in Israel. The movie has beautiful cinematography. The story is based on the book "The Sucker's Wife" written by a Jewish mother who married a Palestinian father who later became a well educated doctor in the Middle East.  I love the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very moving and touching story about a father and his son, their mutual struggles, and the relationship that they share. The acting is great, the direction perfect, and so are the two main actors. This film is about the relationship between the two, and how this influences their lives. I would recommend this to anyone interested in real life. It may seem silly, but this film is not for anyone who wants to be taken seriously. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very charming and funny movie. If you are interested in the story of a cat who gets used to humans, the movie is a good introduction. This is a very cute, short and funny, not to mention very heartwarming. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I think the movie was excellent and very creative. I loved it and it's great. The acting is great especially from the four main actors and the other actors are great also. All in all great fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the original, groundbreaking and well-crafted, independent, and romantic film in which the main characters struggle to survive against all odds, from the start. This is a somewhat slow-moving film with lots of beautiful and powerful images, and it has a nice plot. However, the director does a good job of creating the atmosphere of the time: bleak, dreary, and bleak.  It is interesting to see how the main character, a woman in her 40s, manages to stay devoted to her dream of becoming a star. The viewer has to decide whether she is a "hoo momma" or a "dreamer."   The story may not seem particularly serious to you, but if you like dark, hard-boiled, and sometimes depressing films, you'll love this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main story concerns the relationships of a woman and her family, who live in a commune, with some unusual neighbors. The main character, played by Claire Danes, is a young woman with an autistic mother and stepfather who wants to be close to her mother, a stepfather and a sister. This is a strong story, and I think the film succeeded brilliantly in bringing it to life.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I've seen "Saving Grace" on many different films. Most of them were great, but this was masterfully crafted. A great film with a powerful script and beautiful cinematography. Excellent workmanship, great cast, great music, great performances. Excellent performances from all the actors. A wonderful film with great acting and great cinematography in this beautiful setting. A must see. 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only film with such beautiful cinematography and a great cast is 'The Naked Lunch', which tells the story of the relationship between a couple who get caught in the middle of a major storm, and the characters, their family and their friends, who try to figure out why it is so intense.  This film features a great plot, great performances by some great cast, great cinematography, great direction, great music. It's a great story that will keep you entertained, but you don't have to think too much in order to enjoy this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was wonderful, it was great that it is a remake of a classic movie. It is a good remake of another classic movie "My Man Godfrey" and it is not a remake at all, it is an updated version.  If you have not seen My Man Godard then I recommend you to see the movie again. My Man is a modern version of My Man.   This is not an over the top remake of "My man Godard", it is something more to life, to something that is close to real life.  My Man, My Man   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a girl that learns from her mistakes in life and that she is able to overcome her problems with her abusive father. The ending of the movie is a strong one, and a great one, with a strong message.  I enjoyed this movie, and I recommend it to anyone that wants to learn a message that is very important in life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is not every movie that I have seen that is up to my expectations of the director and the cinematographers. It is a masterfully crafted masterpiece of drama that reveals the pain, joy and anguish of a woman driven to an insane killer. The story has shades of 'Dressed to Kill' and the movie itself has a haunting quality, and the ending is a tragic one.  This movie isn't like any movie I have ever seen. It's unique, interesting and very disturbing. It has a great sense of realism, it's very disturbing, it has a realistic storyline and it has great acting. It also has a very good score, and there are a few stunning images in the movie as well.  My rate:8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is unique.  The script is great, the music awesome and creative, the movie masterfully crafted.  One of my favorite scenes is at the beginning when the characters are introduced and you see them play their instruments and you can tell they are in their natural environment.  This movie is full of adventure, suspense, romance, and great adventure scenes. The whole movie is awesome! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my friends (the one who directed this great movie) told me about this film when it first came out and that he got his great idea from the movie.  Well, when the movie came out, I was excited to see it and was very happy to see what great acting and great beautiful scenery and story this movie had to offer.  My eyes were truly opened. This movie is a great movie and one I will watch over and over.    If you haven't seen it yet, do so and I will tell you, I have no words to describe this beautiful movie!   I would like to recommend this movie to everyone.  I wish to thank the director for inspiring me to be a film lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like indie films, you'll love this one. It's very funny, and it has a decent story, with an interesting premise. It has plenty of great actors, and the script is good. A good thing is that this is the first movie that I've seen that isn't just a parody of "Titanic", which is a very popular movie. It actually uses the same title, but it has been edited to fit the movie to its full potential. It doesn't sound as cheesy as Titanic, which actually was pretty good, and I think that it actually adds some more substance to the plot, which I don't think Titanic did very well.  In conclusion, if you like a good indie film with a good story, you won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the wonderful blend of two films. One is the excellent documentary, the other the action and suspenseful thriller.  The first film is not very well known, but there is no reason why it should not be. The film, while not widely known in the West, has only recently been released on VHS and DVD in the US. There is much footage of the early years of the US Civil War and is very much worth watching.  In this film, the story of a former slave who is now a free-roaming businessman and his interactions with the new slave class is an interesting insight into what life was like back then.  Of course, the film is a propaganda piece, and the whole movie is well worth listening to. The acting is good, the direction is masterful, and it has some excellent shots, but the film has been edited in such beauty that the result is stunning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Old Man" was a very good but also very original movie from director Ernst Lubitsch. In it, he makes his own style of movies. In fact, he doesn't use any of the usual Hollywood methods and works his own method. He uses a camera that is a very long way from standard and also shoots with a very unique style of flash photography. But that's not the only good thing in this movie. There are lots of surprises, a very well thought-up script and great performances from the actors.  The movie is not about the old, but it is about the young. And that's something you don't see in a lot of movies nowadays.   "Old Man" is a nice but boring and entertaining movie with a nice plot. It's definitely not a boring movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the last year I watched this film and I was so moved, I was crying. I was not able to watch it, because my heart was breaking. I did not know what to expect and was so surprised. I am a Christian, but have to admit, it touched my heart and made me cry so hard that I wanted to reach out and hug the person who was so bravely portrayed by this magnificent cast. It has all the emotions I could ever desire, from anger, to sadness, to happiness, to lust, to a desire for death. The story has a strong ending. The film is well directed, and I believe this is because it is touching. I also have to say that I am stunned that people are so judgmental and are so cruel to watch. The acting is great. The plot is good. I have to commend all the people who beautifully gave beautiful performances.  This film is an amazing and uplifting story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie from the first time I saw it in the theater and I was very impressed. The scenes where the movie reminded me of "Cinema Paradis" are incredible. The direction is masterful, brilliantly diverse, beautiful and the beautiful cinematography beautifully crafted. The story is simple and touching. The plot is realistic, beautiful, beautiful. The acting is beautiful. I don't see anything wrong with the movie, it is a movie about love, and that's all I have to say. I think this movie deserves an honorable 10/10. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is the story of two fathers, Eddy (Denny Crane) and Jeff (Paul Reiser) who become friends when their sons play truant together.  This is a very touching movie. It has many plot points, but I thought most of them were handled well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great script and I think it could have been much better. I loved the idea of the road sign and the idea that if you get caught in the middle of the crosswalks it would make you invincible. The acting was brilliant especially from the two leads and the other cast members. The music was beautiful and the beautiful cinematography and FX works brilliantly. I don't think this is one of the masterpieces that you can find in many movies and I enjoyed it very much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favourite episodes of this show, but the second one i saw was the last one i ever saw it, and i thought it was pretty good.  My favourite episodes are 'The Real World', 'The Oceans Eleven' and 'The Apprentice', the latter of which i think is the most underrated of the lot.  It has a few funny jokes and a few good jokes, but i don't really think this is the brilliant episode, brilliant or otherwise.  If you don't have a favourite episode, i would recommend watching 'The Next Best Thing'. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best and most memorable film of the silent era, with the only film of it's kind, being The Hundstageen, which is one of the few films that has been made about the life of a blind woman and a deaf man. It is about this woman, a deaf woman, and her deaf lover, a blind man. The plot of the film is a very simple one, and it is not the film that it was meant to be. It's more like a wonderful and touching story about a very intelligent woman who is able to communicate with the blind man and communicate with him on a very personal level.  The film is like a story of a deaf person's life, with no words. It tells how a deaf individual becomes aware of the existence of another person, and how he is able of expressing her thoughts to the deaf person, through a very powerful medium. The film shows the difficulties, and the great need of the deaf people to communicate. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film with very good performances by all involved. In the words of the title, "Hundstage" is a "stage play." I found the movie to be great, and I found myself enjoying it as much as the viewer would. It's quite possibly the masterful, creative, beautiful film that no man has ever produced.  I can't wait to see it again, I just wish that it stays with me. The ending is magnificent, and it makes me want to see the next masterpiece from this director. I'm not so sure why it's not more well known, but I suspect the "Hollywood Code" is the reason. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a wonderful, poignant, and very true-to-life movie, a sort of "Wonardwork" that could take the place of "Gone with the Wind". The story follows the lives of a man who, in the spring of 1859, finds a way to obtain his dreams by going through the ritual of a "burning" ritual. He goes to a cemetery and lights a candle. Soon, the dreams of the dead come to life. He then begins to experience their horrific nightmare, and so he has to fight to keep his dreams from happening again.  "Silly Girl" is an excellent film to watch, but it's still a fairly heavy-handed film with some good moments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, this is not a remake of the 1963 version, but it's very much the same.  I agree with the other user, that this is a remake.   A fascinating film with a cast of well known and respected characters who are working in an area of serious and serious medical problems, in a world where it's impossible to do anything to help people in need.  The acting is superb, the script brilliant, and the film is a real treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this film. I was so impressed with the cinematography of the movie that I wanted to see every frame, every shot. And the beautiful music in the movie is mesmerizing and enchanting. I am so glad I saw it in the theater. I wish everyone could see this beautiful movie. It is so beautiful, but it is a beautiful story, with great performances from the actors. It was so beautiful that I was able to understand what the actors were saying.  This is a very sad movie. I think it is great that the story and the movie are so good, that everyone can enjoy it. I would like everyone to understand that this story has a good ending, and that they should try to find that ending. I know I have found it, and it has a very happy ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best of all. I liked it, it has a nice story and it's very atmospheric and dark. It's very dark, very disturbing and very disturbing. I love all the acting and i love the whole movie.  It has a very strong storyline, i like it a lot. it also has some good gore and some very good special effects and it shows you some weird and weird things you've never seen before, it also shows how people are more scared of the unknown.  This movie is very good, i give this movie an 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was a big fan of the movie and was very excited. But, as I got more into the movie, I started to appreciate it more and more. The music and the cinematography brilliant work brilliantly together and make this movie one wonderful movie.  The story is simple, and the ending very poignant. I really don't think this movie is as dark as many people think it is. It has beautiful visuals, great music and great acting. The beautiful setting, the great acting and great music make this film perfect. A wonderful story, perfect acting and perfect music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on a recent film festival and was surprised with the quality of the performances by John Lithgow and Christopher Plummer. The chemistry between Plummer and Lithgow is extraordinary. They are such masterful players that they are able to complete their roles with incredible authenticity. I was astonished by the performances of these two actors. It was not difficult to tell which one is the real John Lithgows, the one who played a leading role in the movie.   The plot of the film is realistic and I found myself completely engrossed and completely confused by the characters' motives. I also noticed that the characters are so diverse and I don't think there is any reason why they should be portrayed as caricatures of the same person. I don;t think that that is the case in "Saving Private Ryan". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I first saw this movie about six years ago and I was amazed. I was a teenager in my village in Iran when this movie came out. It was the first time I saw a movie about a girl's life that I didn't see from a boy's point of view. I have to remember it was very strange for a boy to see a girl as a girl that was very young. I think I still don't know who she is and I hope one day she comes out.  I would like to see this movie again. I'm glad that this is not one of the other movies from "The Great Revolution" by Hossein G. Karima. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this movie, but i think the movie is good for a couple of reasons:  First, I'm not a fan of this particular movie, i like all the b-movies, and they are awesome and very good.  Second, it isn't really a movie that makes you jump in your seat, the great acting is great and great fun.  Third, the plot is great, but you can guess the ending. The great acting, great fun, great great great special effect, great perfect movie. Great movie. Brilliant, great movie. Wonderful great movie!  7/10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was very moving to the point of the absurd and very touching, it was funny, very poignant and very true to the life of a person with a terminal illness. It made me angry to think that they can actually see it all from the perspective of the person with terminal illness and be angry with them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are like me, and you like movies, this is one for you. It is a realistic story about a man (Robert Ginty) who, as a result of his experience with depression, is able to move on with his life and find fulfillment in a new way. It's not the typical Hollywood fare, but it is very touching and interesting.  It is not like The Goon, but not to be confused with that movie. It was released in the 50's when Robert Gintyl was in his prime.  Gintyt has never looked better and he always looks great. He has been a part of many motion pictures in his time, but this is his first movie that I have seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a great update of a great story of two guys, who work in a warehouse together. The story is set up as a warehouse worker, Michael, is called in to solve the murder of another man.  The film is interesting, and has some great special effects, but it's not a masterpiece, but a great film to show off.  If you want to see this film, see it on TCM, and watch it for the first half hour.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The premise is very interesting and the main character is a bit of a geeky guy. But he is not a geek and he isn't a nerd... He's a regular guy, he's normal.  What the great film does have is that fantastic atmosphere. The actors, the settings, the music, the beautiful cinematography... this is all a masterpiece of masterpieces in a beautiful setting. Brilliant! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Odeon" is a very powerful and suspenseful piece of film. The acting is very natural and naturalistic, the cinematography masterfully stunning and the plot masterfully detailed.   This is a perfect example of the story of the life of a young woman with a big destiny, in the end a question of life or death. The story is very dramatic and realistic. The cinematography is stunning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an unusual, but powerful film. An old story of two women, who had been friends for years, meet each other in the park and go into the woods to get their feet wet. They stay out to get some wood, but instead of enjoying the company, the story takes them into a dangerous area where they become lost in the wild.  I don't know how this movie made it to Sundance. It's a great film, and I recommend it to anyone who loves a good story. I also recommend people who like films like The Last Picture Show, or The Shop Around the Corner, but I think this movie is better than these films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, I want to clarify that this is not an action movie. It is a romantic comedy. I am not someone who is easily entertained by slapstick but I do enjoy some of the jokes. This movie is not about slapstick, it is about some great ideas. I love that I did not have to watch this movie twice. That is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those stories that you could watch on a rainy day and not miss the beautiful shots or the plot, it is unique and very thought provoking. The acting is strong, the beautiful cinematography stunning, the plot and brilliant direction, and the great music by David Hasselhoff and Bryan Adams. The story is one that should be seen and should be treasured. The movie does not have to be watched by a lot of people, it can be watched while driving or in a car. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the kind of movies that is made by independent producers, you'll love "Dog Days"    This is a movie about the relationship of a shy, shy and petite middle age American woman (Vivien) and her husband (David). The story involves Vivien, her father (Stephen Wright), and their two dogs (Moe and Chance). The whole time the movie seems to be about the two dogs and the family. You'll even get the sense that Chance is just a kind of pampered companion of the family, which makes the movie all the more believable.  The film is full of beautiful cinematography, great music and great photography. I especially liked the soundtrack for this movie. It's a mix of hip and rock music. The soundtrack is the perfect compliment to the movie.   I rated this movie a perfect 10/10. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know what it is with the "hilarious" reviews here. If you are like me, and are really bored to tears, you will be absolutely delighted to know that this is a very original and great movie. The plot and the "arc" are so unique and beautifully developed, that you will come back for more, after a couple of hours. It's all true! And you don't have to be a psychologist to enjoy it. But I am surprised that the same people who were so shocked by the "Gee" are still stunned by the genius. This is a movie that will definitely make you "laugh and think". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short movie with good story and nice acting. The movie is short at about 90 minutes, which is pretty short for a movie. The story is simple, and very realistic. It is filled with great action scenes, which are very short. A great cast, and good direction. The scene with the little boy and the cat are very touching. A very cool and real movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story has never been so beautiful, but the performances from the actors are masterpieces, and are breathtaking, and there are many surprises. This is the kind of movie that you are not watching to see an entertaining story, but to see how great it is. The way the story develops and is developed, and the way the characters are shaped and become familiar is truly stunning and unforgettable. It is the only movie I have seen that has been this creative and creative.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "I'm not a big fan of Michael Caine, but this is one of his best performances and the movie, which I haven't seen before, is certainly not the greatest. A wonderful performance from a man who is rarely given such fine entertainment. I hope that he has the sense of humor that comes from being in the director's place, in the same way he can take the same acting lessons as other leading men. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was an excellent entry in the IMDB Short List. The first thing I thought was that it was great and the plot was great. However, that's not the best. great movie was brilliant and well-crafted. I recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had been watching this film for a year, and had a great time. This was one of those masterpieces, a must-see! It's a must see! Great storyline, great acting and great special effects make this an unforgettable experience! 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a very interesting one, I believe that there are a lot of people out there who have seen it, and those people don't really know what to do with it, it's actually quite good, I mean the film has a good ending, and it's very well directed, it has good action scenes and good cinematography and good directing. The cast is good, the actors are great, and the beautiful cinematography is masterfully done and brilliant. It has a lot to do in terms of character development, it could have something to do also with the story and the plot, but I love the film because it has a unique style and some great special effects, but it doesn't look like a typical vampire film with the usual blood and gore scenes, and that makes it stand out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had heard of the original, but this was the great movie. I saw it on the Berlin Film Festival. It was a very emotional movie. The audience had a hard time sitting and were crying with joy. The music in the movie was fantastic and I am so glad i went and saw it. It had great acting and great directing. I hope that more people see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real feel good movie that shows that not only do I love a good story, I love to hear from others and they like me. I hope that you do to as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like the movie. It is very suspenseful and a bit slow. The main character is the old man. He is the one who can do everything. In the end he is able to surprise his victims. A very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a really beautiful film, it is shot in a beautiful location, has a good story line, a good directing and great performances from all the actors.  This movie makes me believe that people who are serious about the world, are so serious about it, that they are so lost in their dreams.   This film is a movie that deserves to be seen and seen again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic example of how a story is told in a way that is both entertaining and surprising. It also shows the surprising power of the human body to heal the sick and fight disease. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an enjoyable but long film. The music is beautiful, the cinematography brilliant, and the acting masterfully detailed and well developed. This is a film that deserves to be watched over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to go and see this movie in Hong Kong.It is very funny and I am a big b-movie buff but this was great fun to watch. The plot is cool and the acting brilliant. I like the main guy in this movie as the villain.  The special effects were great and the fight scenes were awesome and exciting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie that i have seen was the great one.  The second movie i have ever seen is The Rock, which i think was the funniest movie i ever saw.  If you want to watch great movies and have never seen them, then you are missing out. If you have seen great comedies, and are not into the classics, then this is a good comedy movie.  I rate this movie high, but if you are into the great movie genre, then watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film when it came out in 1983. I went to see it in the mid-80s and the theater was packed to the gills. The young women who came out of it to me and my friends were in for a surprise. I found the story a little slow. It was a great story, and I found myself not caring for the characters the way I cared for my own childhood. I would like to see more of the movie, but as of this moment, it seems to have aged well over 25 years! It was fun, it was cute, and it was fun to watch. I also found it to be very, very sad that the film made such a strong impact on me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As for me, this is one of my favorite anime movies ever. I've seen it about 3 or 4 times in my life, and this one is no different. It's really beautiful, and I just wish it was more fun to watch, but I guess that's the point. I like it, but this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The beginning of the film is great, but then the wonderful acting of the main actors (Gunnar Hansen as an innocent girl, Dan Basinger as a kindly old lady, and Lars van Trier as the demented doctor) really solidifies the fact that this is a good horror film. The ending is brilliant, and the special effects are breathtaking. Perfectly creepy, and not at all cheesy, it has a very dark theme, and it is the kind of movie that people should watch again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this as a child and I thought it was very strange. The story was quite simple, and it still remains one of the most incredible works of art ever made.  It was not until I read the book, however, that I became familiar with the strange, and at first frightening story.  This film had a good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A great film for anyone who loves a good story. The story is a bit weak to me, but it was nice. I also like the fact that the movie is set in a different era than the one depicted in the book. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning, the movie has a great deal of its original humor, but I liked it and I'm glad i did. The acting is great, the beautiful scenery beautiful, the fantastic script brilliant, great casting, great special effects, great music and great directing... brilliant, fantastic!  10/10 Highly recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is an excellent film - it isn't very gory and in fact, is very suspenseful. I thought it was very good, and the performances were fine. The ending is very good and touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very interesting. It deals with the relationship of a father and son in a small town. They have to face the reality of the existence of alcoholism and addictions. The film is very well directed and beautifully acted. The actors are great, and the performances by the two actors are beautiful and powerful.  This is a movie that is very depressing, and it is also very inspirational. It is very disturbing. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story follows a young woman who is attracted to a handsome young man in her neighborhood. He is a rich and very powerful politician who is also attracted to her. They meet and they have great conversations about life and about politics. In the beginning, the woman is attracted by her beauty and asks her candidate to join a political club. When he accepts, she falls in love and becomes a supporter of her candidate. Later, she finds out that he is also interested in politics, and that is the end of the story.   The movie is very well directed, with a great deal of realism in the movie. The main character is very strong and he is very good at taking decisions, but at the end is very weak and in need of help. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is a very neat and imaginative anime. The animation is good, but it is not overly hard to follow. The characters are cute and all the voices fit in nicely. There is some great music and the soundtrack is good. I think you will get the feeling of being absorbed in the story.  The animation and visuals are good. The main theme is "romantic fantasy". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the early days of the west, the fur trade was not regulated by the US government or the state, and the fur industry was a viable source of income.  As early as 1859, the US Fur Trade Office began to receive complaints from state and federal governments regarding the fur market, and as late as 1862, Congress passed a law to stop the sale of fur in the states.  Despite this law, the trade continued, and in 1859 the US became the first nation to ban the sale and use of fur products.  The law did not apply to all Americans. The majority of the American people, however, were unaware of this law and its enforcement, but only those living in the western states, and especially the South, were aware of the ban.  Today, the ban is still in effect, and I am glad that it will keep the American public aware of this great, hardworking industry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie opens with a little mystery as the viewer is taken on a ride with an astronaut and the crew of the International Space Station. The astronaut and his crew are traveling to the red dwarf, Jupiter, to visit the planet's famous rings. The scene at Jupiter's rings is one of the best in the movie. The plot of the movie, which is somewhat vague and un-explicit, is about a desire to fly to the planet to see the rings from the perspective of an astronaut's eyes. The film keeps moving, with great action scenes. There are also great music and some great visuals in the background.  I really enjoyed the movie because the film is one for fans of the space program. I think the movie could have been more focused on the mission of the astronauts and their journey to Saturn to see Saturn's rings, which are still active today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a very funny parody of the history of the United States of the 1800's. I have seen it twice and still enjoy it. It is so short that it is hard to tell if the movie is based on actual facts or just a great way to poke fun at the US.   I have always been amazed by how much I can take it. The humor is funny, it is very honest and it can be so much from just two lines.  I am always a big Sam Peckinpah fan, but this movie is one of his funniest.  It is really not about Sam Pecknipah and I think this movie shows how he was able to make a great movie about the US in the 18th century and still be successful in making it in the modern era. I am not a big fan of Peckinpoah, but the way he is portrayed in this movie makes me mad. I would like to see a movie where he is not mad and we all laugh and have a great time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when I was little, and I have seen it many times, so I know that it is not for the first time that I have been so moved by the beauty of the movie. I have a feeling that the director has succeeded in his very impressive task, and this is something that has never happened to me before.  It is a pity that it isn't longer in black and white! This film, which is about the relationship between the main characters of the film, is beautifully lit, with nice cinematography, good use of the background music and great performances.   The film is in black & white (I know, it's strange), and the story is a mystery. In addition to the lovely colours, the characters are all very real and believable. The main characters are so realistic that you feel like they are more real than the other characters.  I think the best way to describe the film is to say that it tells a story, which means that the story does not have to be very complicated, but that you have to ask yourself: what is the reason that I feel like it's so complicated? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, let me say that I think this film is very intriguing, but if you think about it it, you'll find that it is one of the great movies ever made, with good acting and great direction.  I have a few issues with the movie, and they are:  - the cinematography is stunning. stunning. beautiful cinematography. great directing. beautiful settings. great cinematography, beautiful settings, great settings. beautiful beautiful music. great great beautiful beautiful great great great brilliant great great wonderful great brilliant beautiful great beautiful great wonderful lovely great great amazing great great perfect great great brilliantly beautiful beautiful beautiful perfect perfect perfect lovely great lovely beautiful perfect beautiful beautiful amazing beautiful beautiful stunning beautiful beautiful and great beautiful stunning great great lovely and great great stunning beautiful great stunning great beautiful perfect and beautiful. amazing beautiful and beautiful and stunning stunning beauty beautiful stunning stunning great and beautiful stunning beauty stunning great beauty stunning beautiful beauty beautiful beautiful gorgeous beautiful and gorgeous stunning beauty. beautiful perfect stunning beautiful and amazing. perfect beautiful perfect beauty perfect beautiful and wonderful and beautiful perfect lovely beautiful. perfect perfect beautiful great perfect beautiful. beautiful amazing beauty stunning, stunning beautiful perfect. beautiful stunning and amazing great beautiful wonderful beautiful perfect great beautiful and perfect and amazing beautiful. great beautiful gorgeous perfect. lovely and amazing, perfect perfect and perfect perfect, great beautiful sweet and perfect, perfect great lovely lovely beautiful great lovely. wonderful and lovely beautiful and magnificent beauty, beautiful and sweet and beautiful, lovely beautiful stunning perfect and stunning and beautiful beauty, stunning and gorgeous, amazing and beautiful great gorgeous and beautiful amazing great. amazing and amazing and stunning. great and incredible. beautiful, beautiful amazing, gorgeous, beautiful beautiful. wonderful but beautiful, amazing, beautiful. lovely, stunning, beautiful, stunning gorgeous, and beautiful lovely, and the story is touching and full of mystery, intrigue, and emotion. the beautiful cinematographic and the beautiful and incredible natural landscapes beautiful and natural and full and perfect. the landscapes stunning and natural, but the cinematography is beautiful and full-screen, and it works in a way to show how the story may take place in the woods and mountains, with great animals and natural life, and how it may never happen. and how far people may go to get food and shelter. and what they do for each other, and what happens to them. and that is so strange. i just love how everything has a beginning and an ending. it reminds me of a story i've heard, a story of two people that meet and meet each
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised me. I thought the movie was masterfully done, and it made me realize that my life is all about the little things that happen in it. This movie is like a great adventure movie. I loved the movie, but also hate the beautiful scenery, the great acting and great beautiful special FX. I was so amazed and happy that i have seen this beautiful movie. It was a surprise to me. Thank you very much, wonderful, talented people, and very beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a funny and sweet romantic story of a cat who gets to meet another cat (Doggie) at a café, and they get to be the center of their lives, with Doggie being the cat who has a special place in the café.  The cat and Doggies are very friendly, and I think you could see a lot from the cat's point of view, especially in the beginning. I give this movie a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really unique and original movie. I really like this movie and will try to buy the soundtrack to my collection and watch the whole movie whenever it comes out. This movie was great and I am still hoping for more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As I'm a very big B movie buff, I would like to say that I enjoyed this movie. The first 30 minutes were great, and I was really enjoying it. The action was great, with great sword work and great car sequences. I can't wait for the end of this great movie. 10/10 great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen it a few times before, and even with a few scenes, I still can't get the feeling that this is a true story. The best I can say is that there is still much to be desired in the story.   This film is not as sentimental and downbeat as some of the films it is very well directed and well acted.  The main character is a very ordinary person with a high opinion of life and of death. This is a tragic story of a person who has made a personal sacrifice and of the family he has left behind.  It is very sad when a person dies and has the burden of living on. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very enjoyable and at times I found myself unable to take my eyes away. It seems to be very dark and very mysterious.  The photography is very beautiful and the cinematography perfect. This is the first time that I have seen such stunning images and scenes in film.  I highly recommend this film to everyone, especially horror fans.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens on the beach as a man is relaxing by the sea and takes a swim with his dog, Dog Bite Dog. The two are happily swimming in the shallows as they go to the beach. The film follows their adventures as the two slowly become friends.  The music is light and cheerful but the film is much less dark and somber. The main characters are fun and amusing. The soundtrack is also pleasant. The camera is nice and shows a lot of the natural light from the waves.  There are many colorful shots and funny situations throughout the film, including a woman falling off the cliff, another man proposing, a woman offering help to a man who is in need of help and her friends who are also interested in the same subject.  Overall, the film seems like a great happy swim movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well made movie with a good plot and a good acting from all. I am very impressed with the very good performance by all. It was quite realistic, and the music is very beautiful, and very fitting for the character, as if it were the actual artist's drawings. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very powerful, almost romantic, movie with stunning cinematography. The movie shows a very sad, albeit not tragic, story of a middle age man who has grown up in a commune and now has to deal with the consequences of that commune. His is a story of transformation and redemption. It is the story of the lonely, lonely, and hopeless middle aged man who, after his wife has left him for another woman, goes searching for her. But, the search is lost in a very enchanting forest. When a young girl is found and taken in, this man has a new lease on life, and he begins to show signs of change. The young girl becomes a heroine to the very end and he must live with her.  I won't reveal the story, since the story is one of my all time favorites, but this is just one of the many images that this movie has to show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is an entertaining and well-acted piece of art. It is a parody of some of the most famous horror films of the 60's and 70's, including "The Burning", "Scream", and "Freddy Krueger's Nightmare", and mixes them together to create an unforgettable experience. The actors are superb, and the special effects are amazing. This movie does have some resemblance to the first one, but it's not the same movie.  This is not an indie film, it's a cult classic that mixes horror with science fiction. It was written by none other than cult director Jeffrey Kober of the "Troll 2" franchise, and was one of his first films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very emotional movie about a very serious subject: people who live in a very remote part of the world where it rains, when it rains there is a drought and people have to stay in their homes or else. But then the drought is over and the people are again in the rain. So they need a place to shelter and a water supply. And this movie takes us through their lives and struggles, and all of their trials and tribulations, to come to a conclusion: what can we do to each other if we don't let others have the same struggles as we do?   The movie is so beautifully directed that it becomes emotionally moving. The actors are very natural, so realistic, and I believe that the whole audience is drawn into this beautiful story. The cinematography masterfully shows a time and place that are totally different from our own. It's all about our natural environment and how we relate to each and everyone else in our lives.    This is a very disturbing movie with heart and a great message. If you have any problems with the movie, please contact me: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie isn't very bad, and I think that you will probably never get tired of watching it. It is the great classic of all the Japanese horror films ever made. It has a good story and good performances from the major characters, so the film is a must see. I think the English dubbed version is a little longer, which could be compensated by the music in this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first two segments were well done and had a very good plot and while the final two was much better I still think the first two made up for the latter.  The last part is a much weaker movie and although I don't think it was the best film it certainly was a great movie. The special effects were great masterpieces and it was a good film for those interested in classic Sci-Fi. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie isn't too cheesy, not at least not in the beginning (that is the first hour). It is a great masterpiece, one of the masterpieces of the genre. It is probably one of my favorite movies of all time, but I can't say it is the masterpiece of all the movies.  The movie is funny and I hope it will be the one to show in the next few years.  It's a good start for the new generation of movie fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a man who discovers that his dog has returned from the dead and comes to the rescue of his sick and tired master.  The film follows two of the canine's owners and their interactions and their journey through life.   The cinematography is masterfully shot and the sound is perfect match to the mood and style of the film. The score by Glenn Leonard is superb, the dialog is masterful, and the pacing is perfect.  I give this wonderful movie a 7.5/10 and highly recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the movie, the story of the two main characters and their relationship is more complex and full of surprises.The movie is a masterpiece of art.It was very well-made,the actors were good and the plot beautiful.This movie is about the two people, and their journey to get to know each other and finally to be together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was the masterful, beautiful, poignant story of a man who returns to his childhood home after his beloved father dies, he's alone in the house, and he's not able to get up the stairs.  It's hard to say what kind of movie this is. I think the acting is great, the beautiful cinematography stunning, beautiful settings and great performances by all. A great film with a great story and great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie at least twice, and I'm afraid I have never forgotten it. The first time I remember watching it is probably around the time I was about 8 years old, and then I saw it again. The next time I saw my grandma it was when I was 17 years old. And I was ecstatic to see it again, I was so amazed and frightened, I didn't dare watch it again! It still haunts me. I remember having nightmares of seeing this movie. It's a very frightening and horrifying film, but it's also an incredibly disturbing one. My grandmother was so scared when she saw the movie and I was scared of the nightmares it gave me. She said she wished to never see this movie again. I wish I never knew this movie existed. I love all horror movies and will try to sleep through any movie that comes on my TV, even if I sleep through the ending.  I would recommend this movie to anyone. If you are a kid, you will probably have nightmares after seeing this film, I can't really explain it, but I'm just glad they don't all disappear. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this and I was very happy and very happy. I liked it very much. The plot was very unique and the performances very great. It's very funny and very emotional! I don't think this film has to be watched every time! It's so cute! I recommend you to watch this movie again and again! :) 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been fascinated by the story of the O'Brien family and this film is no exception. I found the film intriguing when I was a teenager, but when I watched it again a few years ago, I noticed it still holds up in comparison to the story in the book.   The script was good, especially considering the lack of actors to work with. The movie is very interesting and I personally found the characters to be believable as the director had the great insight into their situation.  It was interesting to see the different reactions of people who saw the movie at the opening screening and some people were offended by the book but didn't believe it would be so bad.  Overall, I recommend the movie to anyone who hasn't seen it yet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the story and the characters are the best portrayed in the history of European art. In the 20th century, many people try to recreate "Beau travail" with the help of big CGI or huge scale models. This time, a new approach is needed to achieve the old dream.  The film is a masterpiece of imagination and creativity. The characters are very believable and detailed.   The music is very emotional and well suited for this film. The plot is a good one. The director is very inventive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing I can say about this film is if you like a good story, like I did, then you will like this film. I love that aspect, and I loved the fact that it had such good cast. The music was great, the acting masterfully beautiful. The camera beautifully captured the beauty and passion of the road trip, but the real beauty of the movie is the magnificent scenery. I am not kidding about that beautiful scenery, but I am going to take this movie, which I consider my second favorite film ever, and show you how it was that beautiful.  I love this movie for the beauty of it, the road scenes, and the scenery. It was very inspiring, and very romantic. The acting was beautiful, the cinematography beautiful, and so was the music. I hope this movie gets a release. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out great, with a beautiful and surprising ending. The ending is surprising, and it leaves you with a strong conclusion, which is the end of the world, and what this movie is, is not a story of a movie, but of a story that reveals truths, and then reveals more. It also reveals the beauty of a world in which we are all living. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I'd like to say that this is not a movie that was made to show off my movie collection, I love it. I had my kids with me, and we got a great laugh from it. And, I thought it was hilarious. My husband got so mad, and he had a great time watching it.  We laughed so hard at some of the things that we saw. Some of the jokes were so funny, you had to pinch your eyes to make sure your mouth didn't open.  The thing I hate about this movie, is that the movie is not just for kids. The movie is for everyone, no matter what age they are, no big deal. The humor is great, and the movie isn't about making people laugh, it's about showing off your awesome movie collection. So if you like to laugh with your kids, this movie is a good choice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As I was watching this film, I kept getting these tingles that told me this was one special movie. I knew it was a remake of the classic, and it did not disappoint. The acting masterful, brilliant direction, beautifully beautiful cinematography beautiful, brilliant special effects, fantastic performances. The music score was beautifully chosen and fit the scene perfectly.  The special effects are breathtaking. From the very first scene where a character is blown away from a great distance and you can tell it is a CG scene, you can see the intricate design and perfection of the various pieces that compose the effect.  This movie is truly special. I am surprised at the number of people who actually liked this film. It was amazing how great it is. I loved this movie and hope that more people get to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love all of the original movies, especially the first one, and think this one is very similar to them.  But the best movie is "The General", because that is what the director was able to create, a very strong story and a very good cast. It also has a very simple and beautiful story to tell: the young boy who comes to the aid of a man and his family has to go through all the troubles and difficulties of the world in order to live.  The General is also not very complex and doesn't seem to be a movie that has many problems.   I've always been a big fan of "Hamlet", but this was very good and I liked the way the movie was directed.  I like the first "Hamlets" so much because the characters are very simple, and not at all complex. The movie's simplicity makes the movie very powerful and makes the story believable.  A good movie that i would recommend to all those interested in watching movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film!  One of the masterpieces from the 30's, which was a mix of comedy, drama, fantasy and romance.  It was produced in 1932 by the director of the legendary New York Jewish community, and it was the first film to be made for the community at the height of the Great Depression.  The cast includes such greats as Roslyn Gordon, Herbert B. Mayer, Ethel Merman and Ruth Roman, and others, but the film is full of classic New York New York stereotypes: people with broad shoulders, barmitzvahs, and the occasional slapstick and racist incident.  What's great about the film? It's very funny, but at the same time the story is very emotional. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line for this film has been seen many times before and not very often so i decided to revisit the story line and watch it again to be sure it wasn't just my imagination.   This is a simple story that explores the relationship of a mother who works a farm and a father who is a farmer. Both of them have very big dreams and they see this in the shape of a giant insect that they call Anemone.  It's hard to describe how this movie is similar to the story of the giant ants.  I love it when the director makes the audience laugh when watching this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main reason to watch this movie is for the great acting by John Cusack, especially from the beginning of the movie. His role was pivotal to the story, which was interesting and could have been written by Cusacks. The plot was great, and so was the direction and fine cinematography. The actors were great, the beautiful cinematography, great special effects, and great direction. I really enjoyed this movie, it was very creative and very interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this film about 4 years ago on the festival in Lyon. It was an incredibly emotional experience and I still haven't been able to go back to it and have a similar experience. The actors were strong and believable, especially the actor who played the lead role. The direction was beautiful, beautiful, wonderful and touching, I don't think there is a single person in the audience who is going to forget this film. It's a little bit of everything, everything, all at once. It has great acting and great directing, beautiful cinematography and a good story. The film reminded me of "My favourite Martian", I think. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had never heard of this film before watching it for the first time in quite a while, and it was so great that I had to rewind to rewatch it again! It was stunning, poignant and deeply moving. The performances are masterfully handled, and I can't believe they all came together in this magnificent film. I would love to be able to purchase this beautiful film, and all I ask is that it is on DVD!!! It's a shame more people don't see this great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of my favorite movies of all time. The film was beautifully filmed in black and white, with great cinematography. I enjoyed the music, the actors, the beautiful scenery, and the way the people were able to walk and talk and feel each other. I think this is what real life is all about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny movie with a very good plot. The actors are good and the movie is cute. The song "Happy Ending" is one of the best of the movie and the funny is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first season, the show had the same theme - a romantic tragedy.  In this show, it was romantic tragedy and it made the show more realistic.    This show is an original and it is very disturbing and very gory!  The first season was very depressing and dark. It was dark and depressing!  Season 2 was light and fluffy. It wasn't too dark, but too light and fluffy!   The best part of this show is the cast. The performances are great, especially those of the actors. It is really great performances by the actors that were good in this series. The actors really brought out the gruesome and gory side of this series to the world!  This series has all the classic qualities that made the series so great! A lot of the characters are very good.  The show is really scary! It makes the world really real and makes the characters and the audience feel what they are experiencing! The characters are realistic, and it has a good storyline.  A very scary movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great American films made in the first half of the 20th century, with a somewhat less than stellar pedigree than was Titanic or E.S.P. Wells, was the film that was made in 1935. It was a very powerful attempt to realise the catastrophic effects of the Great Depression.   In the film, a group of friends on a fishing trip on a large flat, are taken out by the tide, with no one able to help. One of them is a trapper, and he warns the others not to take the same boat with him.  The other two friends decide not to go, so as they have no one else around to care for, they go alone. The film is full of peril and adventure, as if the men had not realised how dire they were. The director was a real pioneer, as was the director of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the most underrated movie in the world right now. I don't know what the master of all time, Stan Winston, has to do with this wonderful movie. It is so inspiring, it is beautiful, and it is wonderful. I can't thank my wonderful family for inspiring me to be such a big Stan Winston fan, and I hope one day there is a Stan Winston movie where I can finally experience his genius. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not a fan of movies and this movie is certainly one of the masterpieces. The music is beautiful, and the movie is well-acted. I've seen many of the films starring Ed Harris and I am quite amazed that this is the master piece.   The beautiful cinematography is breathtaking. I really do not understand why this works. It's quite natural. The movie is not a documentary but a fantastic masterpiece that should be seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie has got to be one wonderful movie. It has some great acting by the lovely Kate Beckinsale and great direction by Antonioni. Also, the music is wonderful. It is great, beautiful, and very emotional. I found the ending to be very poignant and thought that was very fitting. It was very sad and I feel that the ending touched me. This movie is a great movie and I am surprised at the number of people that hate this movie and think it is "so much" and "so fake" and think they will "unfind" this gem. I thought this was great and I would watch it again and hope that this gem is not discovered. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As another reviewer wrote, "The best thing about this movie is the great music from the 60's, the soundtrack was awesome, the beautiful cinematography, the great sense of the modern city... I just love it :)  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last film by director John Kassir was "Bitter Tears", and while watching it in the dark, I was gripped with emotion, sadness, and pain. "Dances With A View" is a very sad story, about the life of a woman who is engaged to a guy with a history of manic depression and is on her way to visit her childhood home in the small village of her birth in the village of Bitter Tears. While a very old woman, who seems to have an occasional urge to cry, nurses her husband and has no idea what she is doing is causing her to cry. One of the masterpieces of the film, and a truly depressing one.  I highly recommend this film to anyone who is interested in the subject, and anyone who wants to see the heart of the village. It is so poignant, and I hope that this film will have many more screenings, so that everyone can see how the villagers and the doctors try to help the patient with the situation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great TV show from the 1970s and the 1980s. A comedy that doesn't get old (although I have seen the show about 25 years) and a show that made people laugh at the most ridiculous things (such as the death of a cat, a bird, a horse, a train, a plane, etc).  I don't know why people complain about the show, and it's not because of the acting (it's the funniest show in the history of television), but because of its unique format and brilliant writing.  If you're a real nut for a show, don't miss this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I like this movie. I loved it. I will watch it as soon as it comes on. It is a very touching and romantic story. It should be shown in the summer when the children go back to school. The movie is too short and could be a summer favorite for anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the Sydney Gay and Music Festival (SXSW Film) and was pleasantly surprised by the film, but I was pleased with the diversity of the cast (there were four main actors, and all the supporting actors were wonderful, with great lines) and the fine cinematography (great use of light and dark scenes, especially the one in the bus station). The cinematography was masterfully done, especially in the colour and dark scene (the scene was dark red), the use of lighting and the beautiful scenery.  The film was full of surprises, but if you're looking for something original, and something that isn't just a typical "feel-good-good" story, this is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of my favorite movies ever. If you like "The Rookie", you will like this movie. My only question is, did the director masterfully portray the emotions of one a person who is going through such a hard time as they are? It is a magnificent story that makes you feel like a person with a lot of problems and who is trying to get out of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a simple, beautiful film about the first female painters to be commissioned to make an English-language movie. I've seen it all, from the very simple story about an unhappy country girl (Virginia Mayo) and her brother (José Luis Gomes) who seeks the help of her older brother (Vincent Cassel) to the most elaborate of plots, and everything in between. I'm afraid that you won't be disappointed by this excellent film. The script is beautifully simple and very realistic. I can't wait to read the end, I just can't! The acting is also wonderful. The scenes with the painters are very well staged, very emotional and very touching. José Luis Cassel, Virginia Mayo and Vincent Cassel all give amazing performances. A great cast, great script and great performances. Great work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a great film. I have to say it had a great story, a great direction, great cast, great cinematography, great music and great acting. The best performance I have ever seen from a British actor is from the late Stan Winston, who was a magnificent screen actor and a great writer, I don't know what he did. The only film I have seen him in is the movie 'Hollywood Homicide Mystery' (which I still have)    Anyway, I thought the movie was brilliant and a good murder mystery movie. It had a good ending and good ending. It was great film and I recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is one of my favorite films. It has a plot, which is somewhat different from the usual Hollywood fare. The main character is a very smart person, but his life goals include winning the title of best actor at the World Film Awards. The movie keeps moving at a good pace and works very well. The ending is quite emotional, with some great scenes that are pretty good.   A great movie, worth a 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the movie develops, and the relationship between the characters is portrayed is so realistic and full of warmth that the audience feels a loss of empathy and pain. The story may not be the best, but it is one of the great movies that Hollywood has to make. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first episode, the show introduced us to the world of the series and the first show was a success. In this episode, we learn more about the history of the show and the cast of the first season, and we learn about the characters and why they left. The cast and crew are now back in their normal lives. The story itself is a bit like that of the pilot, so there are lots of surprises.  This is an action-packed, over-scripted show with a very good concept, which should not have surprised anyone.  It has some of the typical "what do you know" dialogue from the show, which was a bit of a departure from the pilot. It is a show that should not be missed.  The cast is good, the story is strong, and the special effects are superb.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was beautifully directed by Paul Verhoeven and it is the story of a man who learns that he has a special talent, that of being able to see the truth.   It was the kind of movie that you could take in and out whenever you wanted, it never got boring.  This is not a movie that can be taken seriously, not one that is easy to get into and not one you can leave without being completely convinced.  A great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic film about a young woman's life in the woods of the Pacific Northwest and the people who live there. A couple take a canoe trip in the rain to see a nature reserve, and soon they are forced to go back to the path to their camp. They stay on for the weekend, and have to wait out the rain and hail. Later on they hear that it will be raining again, so they turn around and decide to wait. They are in for a big surprise!  The movie is a bit slow, but the performances are fine.  The acting is great, especially from Boesman and Gossett Jr. I especially enjoyed the acting from Gosset Jr. He has a deep voice and he was really good with his facial expression.  Overall, this is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was so beautifully crafted and beautiful. I have seen it many times. And now that I've seen it again I can't seem to stop watching, because I can still see the beauty of it all. It has a very simple story, and that is why it's so hard to resist recommending it to my friends. I don't want to give anything away, but I hope that in the future, this movie gets a chance to come back and win an Oscar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie very touching and heart warming and that was surprising given the film is set in a time when women were considered second class citizens.  I am not sure that the women portrayed in this movie were truly representative of the women in the time. This movie shows a strong interest in life and how women were treated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a great idea, because it was a movie. It was funny, and I loved the ending. It wasn't cheesy, and it was creative. The movie reminded me of my time spent in the hospital, and how they were so important to each other. This movie is a must see for anyone. I hope everyone else has a good time watching it. It's a short film, with a nice plot, but I recommend anyone who likes to watch movies, or anyone who loves to watch people laugh their ass off. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been interested in seeing this movie, it's not really for a few reasons. The characters are interesting and you feel you are connected to them, in that you're able to see them through their eyes, see them as they sleep, see their dreams, and even feel their pain, but this movie is amazing! Brilliant! I'd love to know how it was that brilliant! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I had to choose between the two, I would pick "Love Comes Softly" for all the reasons. It is the best movie of 2001. I would have to give it an eight. "The Mother" is an intriguing and dark romantic drama about two estranged parents who meet in a hospital after a long time. They talk about their past and their future.  I'm not sure what made me so captivated by the film. I thought the film took an interesting and disturbing look at the mothers' interactions with each other, and showed a sad and lonely life for these two mothers.   The film also touched the theme of the Mother who was sexually abused as a child and how she made her mother realize the extent of her mother's pain. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the beautiful story of a very intelligent woman, a mother, and a son, living together in the English countryside. The two women work in the fields, and the son, his older brother and his sister live with the mother. One day, the son runs into the field and sees a horse, and decides to try riding it. He succeeds.  This is the story of these two women, their trials, their persevering efforts, and their eventual satisfaction. This film is a must see. It was directed by the very talented Edward L. Barrymore. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There is so much talent here in this film that you don't even notice the fantastic performances by the actors. They are wonderfully nuanced and memorable. A must see for all the music lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "The Fall" (1987)  The story is based on the actual story of a mother of two teenage children who, as an adult, falls in love with a younger man and tries to move on with her life and make a new beginning in her life.   The film is a stunningly beautiful film about a mother who has lost her young son and her daughter to illness, and a mother in need of care.  "Spring" is a very emotional film, made almost from the real mother's point of view. The film focuses on a mother, her struggles, and the needs of the young, all of which are made very real by the real situations she faces and is unable to face.  The cast is excellent. The performances are all first-rate masterpieces. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie that features the usual great acting, great music and great special effects. The plot is quite standard and can be easily understood by the average movie goer. It's not all the great stuff. The great music is great as well. I'm not a big fan of musicals. This is my first time seeing it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are going to make a good story, don't let the camera do it masterfully. masterfully crafted and beautifully filmed. beautiful music, fantastic performances. amazing special effect. beautiful setting, stunning camera angles, brilliant performances. beautiful and incredible images, brilliant use of lighting, stunning editing, fantastic music, masterfully filmed and beautifully crafted. brilliant, beautiful and unforgettable. a wonderful movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie on a couple of occasions and it's one of those, but it was great fun, but not at all. It's a really dumb master piece that mixes action and comedy. The movie is a little longer, the story is a bit more complicated, and there's some good dialogue.  The movie has a good message in it, if you like to laugh a lot, and you like watching stupid funny and silly movies, this is for you.  It also stars the great Tom Hanks as the great martial arts master. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The two stars who played their roles very well are very good. In the movie, they are able to act very well. It is like acting in a great film. It isn't easy at all. They are perfect. They both have a great acting ability.  It is a very good movie. I don't want to mention any of the great performances of the two stars. I would rather not reveal them, because that will not give the full story. I do however want to point out the movie's plot. I think that is a spoiler, since there is still more to it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was my first time ever seeing the work of Paul Anderson. I remember a few scenes in the early 1980's when he was a young actor and he came up with some of his own ideas, so I remember seeing him in a very talented light. But he was very good in his role as an old man and his story was inspiring and Paul Anderson's performance as the old man, was inspiring. I hope to one day see this movie again, this is a must see for all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to say how to explain why I love this show so much. I don't think I can. The best thing I can say is that I think it's a great way for the people who love the show to see their own. It is really great to see the cast again and it's really hard to complain about it because the show is such great. I hope that people see this and don't watch the show with any expectations. It's great to be from South Africa and see this show again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not really sure what people were expecting when this film came out and I enjoyed it but my brother and I saw it on the same day. We were so pleased with the beauty of the film. The acting was brilliant and I especially loved the way the young characters (especially the older one) were portrayed. The beautiful garden scene was a nice touch. The cinematography brilliant and the beautiful garden seemed to be created for this beautiful film. It also made me feel for the characters in the film and how they were going through their lives. This movie made me angry at the world and the way things were. I would love to see this movie again and I am looking for this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, i want to say that this is a classic, i.e. the film is so beautiful and it was so great, that it was nominated for an oscar. Well, i'll say that i think this is pretty great. it wasn't perfect, and i thought it was very funny. Also, the characters are so diverse and interesting, that you can never predict them, so it's hard to understand why some people think that this movie is good. i was surprised at the performance of every single actor. It was great.   i loved the scenes with the little girl and the older man. They were both really sad and hard to look at. The scenes with all the guys were great, i mean, great. But i really loved the scene with the old man and the little boy, i really did. I really did! I was so surprised.  The movie is very, i think, and it's funny, i don't know why, but it was a nice experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of the great British horror films of the early- to mid-nineties, this was shot in a sound studio at Bray. The sound was truly amazing. The soundtrack was a haunting and the acting fantastic. I especially enjoyed the sound effects, which were beautifully captured, as well as the acting. A great cast of character actors with strong characters.  The best feature of the film was the 'Mystery Theatre' sound track. This was truly eerie and creepy. It was so haunting that I found myself wanting to keep watching it. The cast was strong, as were the supporting cast. It really made me feel that the film is so eerie, it has become a part of my life.  My favourite scenes were those where the actors were in the house, and the sound was absolutely amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short and sweet story that follows a family of four that comes together and learns that they can all see each other's dreams. This is not an ordinary story. Rather, it's a great story about the real-life experiences of two parents, one father and two sons.  The movie follows a mother and two children as they dream about something big, something evil. They all meet and find that this evil, or good, or bad thing, will happen if certain events happen.    The end of the movie, which I am so happy with, is very good. But I found the ending to be very emotional and very beautiful. I think the ending works very well. The movie is full of surprises and a wonderful surprise at the end.  If you enjoy dark fantasies with a good story, this is definitely not for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm gonna go out with some praise for this movie. I just saw it on Showtime and it was great! The acting is great, especially from everyone in the cast. The great performances are amazing masterpieces. I've seen some great movies with great performances and this is great. Wonderful great movie! I'm going to give it a 7 out of 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a big fan of Jack Frost. The series ran for 6 seasons and I would have to say that Jack Frost was not a Jack Frost movie! Jack Frost is probably the best movie I have ever seen! The story is not as violent as some of the newer movies. It has a lot of heart and makes you want to go and see it.  I think you will not be disappointed. I recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story follows the lives of two high school students and their friends as they learn about life, from the perspectives of their two friends. This is an excellent movie. I saw it at the 2001 Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Film Festival, and enjoyed it immensely. The characters are so natural, you almost expect them to be played by someone who is not gay and will not play any characters who are not gay, just as the characters in The Australian Out of the closet were not gay.  The music in the movie is very melodious and the lyrics to the songs and songs are moving and moving. If you want to watch a moving movie with good music and good lyrics, then this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The two films were well made and beautifully acted. I enjoyed them both.   The direction is great. the use of natural and man made landscapes, beautiful settings and the use and appearance of the actors was masterfully crafted. The use of the colors and the settings and settings for the use were brilliant and very natural and beautiful. The two leads were natural and very believable. The music is very natural. The beautiful shots are stunning. The breathtaking view of the Grand Canyon is breathtaking. The settings and scenes were amazing and wonderful.  I would recommend this to anyone who is interested in great scenery, natural settings and music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first ever animated film to win the Oscar for Best Animated Short is "The Spirit," which won an Oscar for best animated short. "The Animal" is the second animated short, which won the Academy Award for best short.  This is the story of a fox cub that is given a chance to grow up, to become a big black hat. This movie is cute and has the power to disturb you. It's a shame that we have such wonderful gems from Pixar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a wonderful, well-acted and original story, and was written by the director, John Boorman. I liked it very much. It was one of the very best movies ever, and it was very well-shot, and so was the beautiful Fall shots.  It is a very, very, real movie. The cast is good, and the whole movie is filled with action, suspense, and suspense. The story is very real, and is full of surprises. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young woman returning to her childhood home is very interesting. The house and the family and the farm is in the middle of the farm family's history. The story follows her and her family's struggles to live through the various problems in their lives.  I don't think I've ever seen such great performances from a single actor. The director masterfully portrays the various issues and the various reactions that the young lady and her father have to face. I also like the fact that the movie doesn't focus on a single incident, it doesn't try to construct a plot, it works on character development and empathy.  This is the first movie where the director focused on the various aspects of farm life and farm safety. The whole film reminded me of my childhood in Iowa, I wonder how many Iowa farmers had to face these issues and dealt with such problems. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was beautifully directed by a very talented team, including the very talented Michael G. Fox and some great camera work.  The story focuses on a small boy, William, (Michael G.Fox) who is getting teased by a gang of delinquents who constantly want to get their hands on his brother, (Danny Aiello). It's sad when the gang breaks in on his bedroom, and his brother is killed in the process.  Another fine performance from Michael G.(Danny A.Fox),"The Big Redneck", 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I first heard about this movie in the summer of 2002, but after seeing it on DVD I was astonished. It's so wonderfully paced and well-directed that I found it to be a masterful work. The cast is great and it's the best I've ever seen. The plot is solid, the pacing great, and the performances great. I highly recommend it, if you are interested in watching an original movie. 7.6/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have seen a movie about a killer, you'll know that you've been there. This movie has all of the great ingredients of a great movie: great music, great directing, great cinematography beautifully crafted, great performances, great great special effects and great great great performances by the actors. It is also a great tribute to all of those great movies that came before it. I wish I could remember them all, it would be a great story. If you haven't seen this one, you're in for a surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real feel good film. It shows a true story and some of the most beautiful cinematography I've seen from an indie film. The cinematography is great but the use of different types of footage, beautiful locations and beautiful settings works for this movie. I found myself immersed in the story and could not take my eyes away. I also like that the acting is great, especially from the actors who are in the film. I don't know if I've ever seen such beautiful cinemas, cinematography and use in any film.  I like this movie a lot, specially when I find myself drawn to the characters in the plot, although I was not surprised with it at all, which I am not very interested in, I was pleasantly surprised at the story, although some parts of it were a little too long, I like the plot and feel the movie is good. I liked the movie because I've never seen such strong characters, specially the women, and I like that they played such different roles, as they deserve more than just another boring person.  Overall I think this is a good film with a good story and beautiful cinematographic use. I think it was a good move to a different genre, not a bad movie, which could have been good, but I hope it will become bigger. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the first movie in the series that I've seen with my kids. The first was a funny spoof of the American Dream. It was cute, the story was cute. And I liked it. I like most kids films that are like this, but this was amazing beautiful and it had a nice life like all the others.  But I loved it. And the other two were equally great.  This movie is also the first of the series to feature Michael Jeter and I've been a fan of him since he was in the movie "Good Will Hunting" and I liked his movies. I also enjoyed his "My Favorite Year" and his "Giant Step" and "The Big Red" movies.   So to summarize, this is my favorite movie.  I'd give it a 7.5/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know if this is a real movie or not, I just enjoyed the movie! It was great fun to watch a funny and very silly movie with good acting and great jokes! I saw it in my own movie room, and my wife and I got a lot of laughs and giggles from it! We just think this movie is cool. You can't ask for a better movie. The whole family is a big fan of this movie!  I hope this movie gets better! It is a very good movie! If you liked this movie, you will probably also love the movie "Bobby Ewing"    10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good story, not the usual story. It is not for the squeamish, and it is not the typical story, and so it does not make the same mistakes that are typical.  It starts with the story of a man and his family, as they are renovating a new home.  The main characters, including the father and son, are wonderful, and the movie keeps moving forward and you really get to know them.  All in all, great movie. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, my personal opinion is that this is the greatest game I've ever seen. The players are very diverse and the game is very entertaining. I also like that the whole game takes place in a beautiful setting and makes me feel very happy and lonely in the world. I think this game also represents the most realistic game I have ever played. I am very glad to have played this game, it was very fun and it made me sad to see it was so hard to beat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A man with a terminal case of multiple severe cases of pancreatitis and a wife with terminal stage pancreatitis finds his life and his wife, played by Catherine O'Hara, a former TV journalist, are facing one of many possible complications.  It's a slow paced and wonderful ensemble cast performance that will leave you spellbound. The music is great, but it is also very appropriate for this movie.  This movie does not attempt to portray the life of one of the victims, nor does it go out of its way to do so. It simply captures the real feeling of what life and a terminal illness are like for one family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first collaboration between the two leads of "Gig Young" and "Stardust Memories" was a great, but it was only the beginning of a fascinating, but brief movie. The second collaboration was with "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes" and it was no better. The third collaboration is with "Dress To Kill," a movie that has a very different feel to the first two. It starts off as a very simple tale, but as the story progresses, it gets much more complex and more interesting. I found myself not quite sure what the director was trying to do, but I definitely enjoyed it.  The final collaboration is "Soul Survivors," which I found to be very emotional. I thought it had the same style as "Dressed To Kill."  I also found "The Lives Of Others," a very emotional movie, and "Soul Survivor," a fairly emotional movie.  "Dressing To Kill" was not as good as "Stalking," and the two stories were much more focused on the main characters in the first collaboration.  This movie is definitely not as bad as "The Lost," but I think it is a good film that has some good things to say. I give this movie an overall rating of 4/5 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not surprised by this film. I liked the way that the story line evolved. It could be seen as a straight sequel to the first movie, or could be a new story, something like that, I guess. I just enjoyed the fact that it kept you guessing, which is something that I usually do, and also kept you wondering if it would end.  It had good cinematography, good directing, great music, great acting. Brilliant. I loved the ending, which I believe is very fitting to the whole story.  I'm still not sure about the direction, but I enjoyed the way they used angles to tell the story. It had a very nice cinematography.  Overall, I highly recommend this movie to anyone interested in a good story line, a good direction and good cinematograpy. It is a great movie to watch and enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Bond" is a very emotional and beautiful movie with very little plot. The film is very powerful and can't be compared to "Bent" because the latter is more of a fantasy-noir.  "Diary of a Country Girl" is about a girl who marries a handsome country girl who is in search of herself. A beautiful and sad story of romance between the two women.   "My Darling Buds" is an unusual and heartbreaking movie. Very sweet and sad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the first few episodes of "Giant" and I was so impressed by this show, it was so beautiful and charming. I am surprised that so few people are familiar with it. I found this show to be so beautiful. It is a show that has a good message and has a lot of good actors and they fit their roles perfectly. I hope they keep this show on the air, because it was wonderful.  This is the show for the people who are bored of seeing old shows and don't like old shows anymore, so they want to see something new and exciting. I love this show and hope that one day, this will be the only show that will be on.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised when I saw this movie on the Berlin Film Festival in Berlin this year, where I found it very interesting and found myself not shocked by the film, but I was shocked by how beautiful and beautiful it was. The story of a middle aged woman in a flat with a family and the various problems and inconveniences it causes to the family and others is not a bad movie. The actors are great, but the story is great and moving.   This film does not glorify the Jewish people, but shows their struggles and how they are killed in the Nazi era. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The only film which is better than this one, is The Adventures of Pluto Nash.  The movie is a masterpiece of animation and art. It's beautiful and has beautiful characters and great music. The music is very whimsical and beautiful. It has its ups and downs, but they're so natural and so believable that you'll laugh at the jokes.   You have to love the music, because the songs are so realistic, that it becomes difficult to distinguish them from the voices of the characters. Also, the songs have such good voice that you will be unable to understand the dialog, unless you are epilez.  My favorite song in the movie is "The Last Time Around" by Peter and Paul, which is about the story of a girl who loses her memory of childhood, and her search for her missing mother, and is unable to get out of bed, or even look at a computer.  This is a great movie. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the master piece of film-making that would not be out of place in the 80's.  The first 20 minutes are great, and the beautiful music and the magnificent scenery in the beautiful countryside around Lake Eildon makes this film a must-see.  After this great movie, anyone would be hard pressed to find this as a good film, as the story is simple, beautiful and full of adventure.  A truly magnificent film, made for a budget that was small to produce. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First off, as I am a student of history, this movie is a MUST SEE. It is a great history and was one of the best history documentaries I have ever seen. This movie is not the typical movie that focuses on historical information and is more focused on what the director found to be the main themes of this film.  The first scene in the movie is the opening shot of the tower of the Antonii bridge in 18th century Italy. This is one of many such shots that the director made in the period of time when the Romans ruled in the city. However, it is so detailed in its portrayal of the events that you can see what the historian is trying to get across with a great historical research. The second scene is the final scene of the war in the Antonia district, where the Roman armies are besieged by the Germans in a city center. You can even see the remnants of the city center, with the tower and the church and the houses in the districts, and the road signs.  Overall, this is a excellent documentary. I highly recommend it to anyone interested in the history of the Roman empire and its relationships with the various nations of the time. Also, this was one the first movie that I have seen that actually focused on the impact of the Germans on the Roman army and the relationship of the two armies, not the war itself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very original, yet very powerful film. The story of a doctor discovering a way to stop cancer from spreading to the rest of the body was a compelling story. It was powerful, but at the same time very disturbing. It had great acting, especially the lead performance by the great Michael Keaton as the very brave doctor.  This is a very powerful and terrifying film, not for the weak-hearted, but for anyone with an open mind. The whole movie is scary, and a great deal of disturbing and disturbing images can be seen. The movie is one of those great indy indie films. I really hope that this will get distribution in the near future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an almost unknown movie with a great cast of supporting players.The movie is a great way to introduce children to a world of animals,with very few people getting to experience their feelings of fear and pain for the first time.The animals in the movie are cute,they are scared,they look frightened and they look happy.The people in the world of the animals in this movie are just like the people in real life.I recommend it to anyone interested in watching a movie that explores the lives of animals. I love animals.I am always curious about them. I am scared of them. My family is afraid of animals in all kinds of different ways. I was scared by the animals that we saw in the streets in Chicago in the winter.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great action movie, with plenty of gun action and some great special effects. I can't say enough about the story of this film. I think that it is a very emotional and realistic piece of work. I hope that there is not too much of a gap between the two movies, but if there is one I would like to know about the movie I would not be able to tell you, as I did not see this movie until the last day.  I thought the movie was very good, as some people thought that the movie could be a great thriller, but it turned out to be a very powerful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had the wonderful opportunity to see this movie in the theater. The movie was excellent! I loved the way the two main characters interacted with each other. The two main stories were great. The best part of the movie was the way they took a life changing event and turned it into a real life experience. The story of the two lives of these two people touched me so I could relate to them.  I would recommend this movie to anyone. If you like to see a good story then watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces from the illustrious director of "The Exorcist", which has been hailed as "the best" of the Gothic series, "Dance of Death" is perhaps the most atmospheric and over-the-top Gothic horror/gothic horror/monster movie ever made, and is a must-miss for horror fans, as it's one of the very best Gothic Horror films of all time, and the music is not a distraction either. It's not a movie for everyone, and I guess you'd be hard pressed to find anyone who'd recommend it to you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a great depiction of the life of a man who comes back from the dead to get revenge on his former partner. He is the perfect target for revenge, as the dead partner is a wanted criminal, and the film shows the process of revenge in full swing. The revenge takes place in a secluded location, but it's still a secluding place, with the dead man in a cage, awaiting the arrival of the authorities.  The story is good, with a great soundtrack, which is reused to great effect, and some great dialog. It's very well done, but not as violent as some recent films, but definitely not a cinematic masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am usually a huge movie buff but I found this brilliant film to be a fascinating study of the relationship of a father and his son. It's the type of film that Hollywood never seems to make anymore, because the time and money to make it are not found in the big budget films.  The actors and director are masterpieces, and the movie is beautiful to watch. It has a nice plot and a good ending.  I recommend this movie to anyone who has any type of a relationship with an adult, or who has a weak sense of humor.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great story, this is the kind of movie that can be understood in the end, and the end can be disappointing. The end of the movie is not a happy end, but the beginning is good, the characters are realistic and believable, and it is not cheap. The movie has great performances from the cast, but also great acting, great directing and beautiful cinematography.  This is a movie that will be watched many times, and in the long run, will probably even disappoint the majority of its fans.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very dramatic movie. The movie is full of action, suspense, suspense and shocking images. The plot is very interesting, the performances superb and the plot very suspenseful. It has a very strong plot and a very good story. I found this movie to be very interesting and full of surprises. It's very hard to follow and very suspensefull. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was excellent from start to finish. The story is something to keep you interested in. The characters are diverse and interesting. A great cast is given great performances.  Overall, it's a great movie that doesn't take itself too seriously and doesn't try to be a masterpiece, but is a great cast of character actors. The movie is full of great scenes, and I'd love to see more of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this when it came out on VHS, and my parents bought it for me for $7.50 at Blockbuster. We watched it at 2 o'clock in the morning, and it stayed in that place for about 45 minutes. I got my mom and my sister, and we went to the video store and got DVDs of this wonderful movie. My favorite scene is the scene where the mom and daughter are talking about how they wish they had more money to spend on music. The acting was great, and the great music great, especially from Stevie Wonder and Alice Cooper. I enjoyed this movie a lot. My parents did not seem to be very happy with it, but the good acting in this wonderful film, made me happy for them. My only other comment is, if your mother or daughter ask you to watch this movie, you are not allowed to, you have to tell them no. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a tribute to all of the great movie players out there and all that they have done with their lives. The movie itself was a masterpiece and it deserved to live up to the great standards. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A young American couple is on holiday with their parents. A German Shepherd (Paulie) is taken by the family and he is put in a crate with a small warning label on his forehead that reads "Kriemhild Kriem Huppert."  The young couple takes him home and takes him back to his birthplace, where he is to be put to pasture. The family's problems begin to mount, and Paulie begins to live with them.   The film is beautifully shot, and the actors are well chosen. The film has a great soundtrack, which was used on the album "Krieemhäuser" (Paul's solo project), and an intriguing story.  The story is very simple and not over dramatic at all. Paulie is very happy, but his mother is very depressed. The dog is just being taken back to its home. The music is very emotional. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "O'Brien" is a great movie with great acting and great writing. This is one of my favorites from the series.  I just like the way it is filmed. This movie is great for any movie lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I think I would go and see this if I were you, I think it is a wonderful movie with a plot to it's best and a good ending. I give this movie a 9/7 beauty rating, 9/10. Great acting by all and great directing. The best scene in this movie is the very end where all the characters are in the hospital together and you can see the emotions that they all have for each other and what the ending will bring. I think this movie has a very good ending and will probably have a few people out there that will have a hard time watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well made film that mixes documentary, fiction, documentary and fiction in a way that makes the viewer question: what is the extent of truth in documentary films, and how much is it worth? The film makes you question these very questions.   This film is a unique documentary that is made in a beautiful setting. The footage was great, and was shot in such a way to make the audience question the truth of what they are seeing.  The story of the struggle of the Palestinian people is told in a very interesting and detailed way. The filming style was interesting and I personally found the footage to be inspiring and touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love Rain Man, and it was one of my first films. I am not a huge Rain Man fan, but after watching this film I found it to be one of the masterpieces in Hollywood history. This movie shows the underbelly of the Cold War and how our government was able to manipulate our citizens. It is not hard to manipulate people like that.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The premise is that a former military man is planning on returning to his hometown in the small village where he grew up. He lives in the village with his father and stepfather, who both are deceased.  The movie is about how one man finds meaning in the things that happen in the world.   What is the main theme of this movie?   Fear of a black hat, the movie focuses on the concept of how a person can be "suspicious" when someone he knows or meets behaves suspiciously.  It is the concept that the person who is being watched by others can make a "passionate" person believe something, which is a complete loss of their sense of reality.  In this movie, the protagonist is a former serviceman who is now a police officer. He is a perfect person for the job.  He does everything right, and everything that he should do. He gives a great interview on national TV, he is followed by a lot of people in the media who are suspicious of him.  All in all, the great man is able to complete his dream.  This movie is very entertaining, it is a great film that has a good story, it has a great story, and it has great performances from all the actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of my favorite episodes of the show.  It was written by Trey Parker and Matt Stone (of South Park fame), who had the brilliant idea to combine the two show in the one show. In the pilot, they were very smart to do this, and now that I have watched the show, I can tell you why. The show was smart, fun, and very original. It was smart to be different from the other show, and I am very glad that they did not go back to the pilot and do the same thing again.  This show was a nice touch of everything. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most romantic comedies ever filmed.    The main character, played by the actor, is played by William H Macy, who is trying to make a living.  The supporting cast includes:  *Gina Philips as a waitress, a mother, a doctor, a priest, a clerk, a housewife, a teacher, a soldier, a businessman, a janitor, a carpenter, an actor, a tailor, an accountant, a phone psychic.  *Bobby Ewing as a young man in love, but falling in love with another woman. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am always intrigued by films from the 60's and 70's. A couple of years ago, I stumbled on this film and decided to watch it and I got hooked instantly. After seeing this masterful film, I knew I had to get my hands on it and see what it could do. So I went to the library and started researching it. I found it to be a very fascinating film. I went into it with a few friends and we sat down to watch. We got so engrossed in this film that we were crying and screaming at the screen! The whole film was beautiful and I would love to recommend this film to anyone interested in films from that time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a father's journey into madness has been done many times before, but not to this effect.  This is the story of how a man is slowly consumed by his own madness and the madness is slowly consuming his family and the rest of the world.   The actors all deliver masterful performances, but the movie is so masterfully crafted that you are completely immersed in the madness and have no desire to watch it again.  I found the story very intriguing, and although there were some very nice moments in the movie, the characters are all so fully drawn out and so believable that you don't care about them at all.  The movie is also a must see for any fan of Michael Cule. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It is very atmospheric, and it is very well filmed. The actors are good, the film is great, and the story is interesting, even if you are a big Sam Raimi fan. It does have one of the worst masterpieces I have seen, and this is a very good one. This is one of those masterpieces that you cant miss. It has a very unique look, a very interesting story, and good special effects. Also, the movie is very entertaining and the ending is great. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, the first of all. I'd never heard of this movie until I stumbled onto it on IMDb. I found it funny because the character was one of my all time faves, a kid from the neighborhood. He didn't really have anything to do with the movie, he just brilliant brilliantly brilliantly brilliantly. The music was great, the great performances great, and the funny scenes brilliant. I love this movie, and I hope everyone else does as well.  This movie reminds me of the great classic, "Hobgoblins", which is one of the reasons I enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am always intrigued by a film made for the big screen. But this film is very well done, it was beautifully directed, it is well acted, the story is engaging and the acting is great. If you are interested in a good film, this is the one to get. I will keep this short, as the story itself is quite compelling.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen a movie so beautiful. This is a wonderful, romantic, and true story. I was born in the 70's, and lived in San Francisco when I first heard about this movie. The movie reminds me of my time living in San Fran, and I remember how sad and depressed and depressed people were in that time. I wish this movie stayed in San Frans, and not moved to Hollywood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The original animated film was released in 1990. This sequel is much better. It is much more enjoyable and entertaining. It features many new characters and settings. Also, the characters are different.   This film is very much like the original, only better. The main characters are not so much wooden, but a bit more cutesy and a bit less cutes.  This is not a remake of the original. It does not have the same characters and plot, but it is a re-working of the old story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very emotional movie, but it is so much more then I expected from a movie made during the seventies. It is more then emotional then most movies made at the time.  A great story about a man, who makes a sacrifice and goes to the moon, but comes back with an unexpected surprise.  It's not a movie that makes you feel sorry for the guy, but is just a great movie.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not a comedy, but a romance of the beautiful Juliette Binoche. A man is brought back to life after his death in the sea, and Juliette's lover is a very strange man. She is very strange and she is very beautiful.  One of the great actors in the movie is Juliette and the other great actors are the two girls who come into the house after the man's death. They were both pretty much the same age, so it was great.   I think this movie is great. I love it!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is a very good drama but the characters are good and so are the story. The director shows the love of the characters in a very touching and heart-warming way.  The film is also very emotional and shows the family's emotions. The two main characters of the family are played by the mother and the father. The other characters, who are also parents and their children, are played very differently. The story lines are about the people and their situation.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you haven't seen this, go and see it! It's the best romantic comedy of all time! If you have any sense of humor, you'll laugh right through the whole movie! The plot is great, the music is great and the film is great! It doesn't get any better than this. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked the first 10 minutes of the movie. The characters were intriguing, so I turned to my video camera to watch it again. The next beautiful moment was when the mother and daughter were together in the garden and the daughter's eyes were closed and she was crying. The story followed the mother as she struggled to live in the big city.  The movie never lost its charm, but I think that this movie is still interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not going to give anything away, but i enjoyed this movie from start to finish and the other two were good as well, and i could tell the movie was not going for that high a price. The acting was masterfully great and the beautiful cinematography masterfully beautiful and beautiful. The great acting was fantastic. The best scene was in the beginning, where you see a great scene of people watching, and you can see how all their emotions come out. The other great scenes were, in the hotel, where people were having great conversations about life and their dreams. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the movie and it's very very true to life, that people are very selfish. When a person asks for help, or asks for someone else to do something for them, they should not be selfish and should not expect that they are getting help from God.  It is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was great, but it was so creative and brilliant. I was amazed that such great talent could come together. It's a story of real people in real life that I've never heard of. I don't know if it's a documentary, but I hope it's the best. The best part of the movie was the scene where they were at the beach and the car was at the side of the road. That's real people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to laugh with your friends at the same time, then this is a movie to watch.  The only reason to watch this movie is if you like watching movies with your family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this as an assignment in my college course, so it was surprising that I didn't see it until my last day in the course, and I was pleasantly surprised.  A fascinating mix of humour, tragedy, sadness, all with a nice touch of class warfare, with the usual "good" ending.  The only negative comment I can give is that the plot was too strong to be a masterpiece. It was an enjoyable watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised. I was stunned by the beauty of the movie and the beauty and the music, all of which was very beautiful. The story and the photography were beautiful. I am a photographer and I really like to shoot. I think the best movie was "Still Crazy", which is the story of a photographer, his family, and a family of his own who is a photographer.  Still Crazy, is a very good movie. I don't know why it is not in the top 250? Probably because it has a lot of beautiful women.   If you liked "Still crazy" you will probably like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was always a big Ben Stiller fan, but i found this hilarious movie to be a good laugh and i loved it! I don't know why Ben Stillery took on this project, but he masterfully captured the humour of Ben Stilling in a way that only Ben Stills fans can see. I don'nt think Ben Stilled ever gets that kind of treatment. I'm going to go watch this again, but don't miss this one.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is a fantastic one. The first scene is so beautiful that it will take a long time to fully appreciate. The music is perfect, the cinematography brilliant and the beautiful score perfect. I highly recommend this film. I will give an overview of the movie, the plot, and the movie's beautiful cinematography, and a conclusion to be drawn, so as to give the whole movie a proper view. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Unsolved Mysteries of the Sphinct" is one of those films that makes a fascinating statement by being very, very strange. There is a strong plot, the film is visually beautiful, and the soundtrack perfectly compliments the story.  The film is quite short, and while the story is interesting and is like a great mini-series, it is not overlong.  My rate: 7/7, great adventure! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of Michael Keaton and I thought this movie was great. It was fun and I think that it was quite scary. I don't think it was that scary, but it was scary and I liked the plot. It had good ending, but the ending was great and it will surprise you.  Overall, this is a great movie and I would like to thank the Producer/Director of "Road to Perdition" for the brilliant movie. It's funny, has nice story, nice acting, and great special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, this is not just a "B" horror movie, but an awesome great film! Excellent performances from all the actors and a great storyline. I was surprised by how great this movie was! Great work! 10/10!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's been 5 years since I last saw this, and I've watched it many times.  I haven't seen the original movie, and can only guess that watching the remake has improved my opinion of the film.  The film opens with the story of a father's search for his missing daughter.  While the search is going on, he gets a phone call from his daughter's friend. She tells him she is dead.  Soon he finds out that she is indeed alive and in need of help.  What follows is a great scene in which the father takes his daughter to the hospital for treatment of her extreme case of a psychological condition. The hospital itself is run by Dr. Ting (Pauline Wong), a psychiatrist who specializes in psychological cases. He is in love with his daughter and tries to help her. She's in need for help. He has to make a decision - either he or she has to stay in the hospital, or be admitted to a psychiatric institution.   The scene is poignant. Dr Ting is in a state of shock, while the father is in complete shock. He finds out he has to choose between his daughter or his profession.  This film is very depressing, but I don't know if it is realistic. I just think it is very dramatic.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful story, it's a bit corny, but it's just about as corny as The Good Earth. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an actor, I like to know my characters. I don't know why, because in my opinion, everyone should. But that's just me.  This movie is excellent. It's very funny. The actors are very funny as well.  The main reason I give this movie 9/10 is because I think it's so funny. It makes me laugh so hard, I think my eyes started to bleed. But also, the scene where the car explodes, you know, and everyone is running away from the car, you have to see it to believe it.  9/11, my family was very scared, and we wanted to go to the beach.   My favorite scene is when the plane lands in the water. That's so scary. I love it!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is interesting and this movie is a very good one.  The cast are strong and i especially like the special effects. The story and the story itself is a good one to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know if it was my favorite, but it was awesome. I enjoyed the first three scenes and it was great, but the great part was the beginning. The first part is hilarious and I was wondering what the next part was going to be like, but boy, perfect! It was amazing! I loved it and would recommend it to anyone looking to laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. I have seen it 3 times and I don't think I will ever see the same movie again. I love all the kids in it and I think it is the great acting that makes this movie unique.  I will keep you updated on this movie as I watch it. I wish you could see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a must see movie, I have seen the movie about a year ago and it still haunts me. It was so funny. The story is of a very talented and talented group of actors, it made me laugh and made me cry. The scene where the two main actors (the one who played the main character and the one who directed the movie) played in a game of bridge is very disturbing and I don't think I will ever forget that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a simple story with a good end, that was all i could ask for. I love all the comments. The movie was great, it was beautiful, and i would recommend it to any one who likes simple stories with good endings. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Omen" is probably the best horror film of the 1980s, and also the most effective one. The plot revolves around a scientist (Stephen Rea, in a very impressive performance) who finds a demon in the basement of his hotel room. The demon is the result of a meteorite strike, which is responsible for the destruction of all life on earth.  The best part of the film is the hauntingly beautiful cinematography. The use of dark and ethereal shots and great atmosphere in the underground to create the atmosphere of the demon's cave is a truly terrifying atmosphere.  I love this movie because of Rea's performance as the scientist, and his incredible presence. This movie is one of the masterpieces of the cult of Re. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Alterated States" is the first short to star the legendary "Renaissance" in its history. It is a very atmospheric story of a young, middle-aged woman and her life in a convent. As the convent begins to grow, the nun (Mira Sorvino) is forced to watch over the lives of the women there and become a member of the convent's medical staff. The women's lives in the convent include the sexual habits of the girls (they sleep with men, smoke, etc.) and the life of the priest (who is a doctor). The story moves along slowly and steadily. It's a slow, steady, sometimes funny, sometimes sad and confusing, sometimes beautiful, sometimes just plain beautiful.  "Visions" is an atmospheric story with a great theme, but the music doesn't detract from the story. "Altered States" has a very good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first ever animated story of all time.  I was fortunate enough to see this wonderful piece of animation, a short that I hope will live on for as long as possible.  In this short, the story focuses on two teenagers, the first being a girl and the second a boy. They go to a strange castle and find there a large book. Both of them try to read the book, while their friend reads a book called "The Book of Fetch".  I thought that this is really neat, I also enjoyed the animated version, I liked the movie the first time around, but I am glad that this movie is now available for a wider audience.  My only wish is that this version of the story would be released on DVD, as well as the other short I've seen it in the past.  This short was made in a time when there wasn't a big animation studio, so if it wasn't for Disney, I'm glad that we have a short like this in our libraries. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the perfect story to tell about the story of an Irishman, who was to become a soldier in the middle east. He did so to a brave young Irishman who was captured by the Germans and was held prisoner by the allied forces. He was released by the Allies after being tortured. He returned to Ireland as a free man and sought out his fellow compatriots in the allied armies in London.  One of his fellow prisoners was a young man named Brendan. Brendan, who I know as a man named 'Brendan the Irishman' was to be released by his captors after he had been tortured. Brendan told Brendan's story to his fellow soldiers in London and they all became very frightened.   The scene in the room where Brendan told his story was very powerful. The two young men stood and watched and watched as Brendan had a nightmare. I am so glad that I watched it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the old Republic of Albania, the main political role of the late dictator, Enkhti, was the role of his wife, Sos, who also played a major role in the communist movement. Sos was assassinated by the communist guerillas in 1975 and was one of the main targets of the subsequent coup, which was led by the former dictator. Enkthhti was the only survivor.  This is one of a few Albanian films that show a strong opposition to the regime of Enkhu, and the one that is the best is the last "Municipal" made by the director, Enku Pembeli. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Comethica" is a fascinating look at a world of consumerist and religious extremism. In this world, the secular, humanist message of freedom of speech and religion seems to be trumping all other forms of belief. It seems that this is the message that has so far been most successful in getting Americans to become interested in science, religion, and spirituality. It is this message that I wish could be heard in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Red Sea" was not a great film by any means. It was a great story. It wasn't so much a movie as it was a fascinating, if a little bleak, movie. It also was not one of the great adventure films of the 20th century.   It's hard to say why it wasn't better known than it was when it was made. I've read the book twice, and I haven't seen it. It's one of those films you either love or hate. You can't take either approach seriously and still enjoy it. But this is one of them: great adventure film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had to go back and re-read the review because it was so perfect. I loved every second of this film, and am so glad I did. The best movie of all time! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not easily understood by people who do not have a good sense of humor and do not like watching people who are so silly. My friend and I have to think about the whole situation. We have to make a choice, do we have to choose between laughing at him and not. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is great, the acting brilliant, the setting enchanting, the cinematography beautiful and beautiful. It is an excellent, romantic, romantic film. It's like "I'm in Love", it's full of surprises and it's like no other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a woman who lives a very ordinary life, and whose husband dies unexpectedly, leaving her life in a rut. The movie opens on a beautiful garden in the city, and the garden is surrounded by a magnificent view of the trees and the trees, and a beautiful view of a cemetery. It is the first time the story has touched the ground. I felt as if I was watching the movie again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been to see this movie twice - I loved it - and I recommend it to anyone who likes seeing movies that make you think, even when you are in a coma.   It was a really great script. The main story - the girl that works at the salon, and the guy that works in the café - was a great one. The other side of the story was a good one.  I was impressed by the beautiful scenery and the good acting. The cinematography was brilliant, the music brilliant, and most of the best movie I've ever seen.  The ending was perfect. It touched me emotionally. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had never heard of this film before. I was intrigued by it, but it was so beautiful and unique. The acting was great, the beautiful photography beautiful, and the acting masterfully done. I think this film is a wonderful film. The story is great, and there are beautiful cinematography and amazing scenery. The cinematography is brilliant, and i enjoyed the whole movie. The cast was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had the great luck to watch this on the opening night of the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Film Festival, and I would have to say it was amazing. I would be tempted to watch it again - I was so impressed with the diversity of characters and beautiful cinematography and the brilliant performances by each of the four main characters. A great, romantic, bittersweet story, one that should have been told to the audience from the beginning, in a way that we could relate to it. I love that this is a film that should never have been made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a young man I was looking forward to seeing the movie. The movie is one of my first experiences with the use of computers and I wanted to see a computer controlled movie. My first attempt was to watch this movie on my own computer. I found it fascinating and thought I would enjoy the movie but boy was I proved masterfully talented.   The story of a father, his daughter and a curious girl are all interested in the story and so are you the viewer. It really took a while to fully comprehend and it was a good film to watch.  It had a good story and I found myself enjoying the characters more and more each time they tried to tell their story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action-packed movie. It's not very complex. It doesn't make you hate the characters, nor is it supposed to. It is about teamwork, loyalty, honor, corruption, etc. You could even call it a "mini-series". The main thing that makes this great is the use of the Japanese locations. Most of the scenes in this movie were shot in Japan. I loved the "O-Sensei" series, the series where the two main characters were not allowed to be seen by one another in the series. I love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As I was watching this movie I was so thrilled that I was able to see the full story. I had to fast forward and watch it again and again. I enjoyed every second of it.  This is a short, sweet and moving story about a little boy that is very afraid of everything that comes his way. He wants to become the greatest painter in the world. He comes to a school that is run by a very old teacher that is afraid to show his art to children.  The movie tells of the boy's struggles over the next years in his art.  My favorite scenes were the one where he paints in a pond, and another one where his parents make fun of his art in front of him.   The music was great and the movie was fun and full of life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is about a group of hunters who are forced to face the most difficult of dangers when they face the mysterious and evil "Krimi" (Roman mythological beast). The film follows the hunters as they journey to their doom, and as they do, the story grows. The film is a very atmospheric and visually beautiful piece of work, and features excellent sound effects. Very impressive for 1931. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a surprise when we first saw the movie, and I had to get my eyes on it again. Wow fantastic beauty and great acting, wonderful masterful cinematography beautiful cinematography, great music, great beautiful special FX, brilliant performances, great great masterful direction and great beautiful music! A great masterpiece. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pleased with this movie, so I could see what the other reviewer had to say about it. It was great acting, great direction, great beautiful cinematography, great beauty and great great great cinematography masterpieces, great special story, great fantastic photography, great acting. It had great special effects, great settings, great music, great photography, brilliant visual art, great great settings and great music and great performances.  I am a huge film buff, but I enjoyed this movie. I have always been a big film buff. I loved the first "Beneath the Planet of the Apes" and I loved "The Apes". I loved The Secret of NIMH. This is the best I have ever seen from my home cinema. I think this movie was beautiful, beautiful and beautiful. I also think the story is a great one. This movie has great acting and great special effect. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who doesn't watch much movies and don't understand what people are complaining about this movie, I thought that I would give you my take on the movie and my criticisms.  My opinion of the movie is: brilliant brilliant brilliant fantastic performance by Rosanna Arquette, perfect for an indie movie with no big budget studio money. The movie works beautifully. The story is compelling and intriguing, and I was intrigued by the acting, especially from Arquettes brother, James. The plot is good, and the characters are fascinating and all together unique. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The two films are very different. One is the plot which is very simple and yet at the same time very interesting and creative. The other is the script which is full of great insights and interesting insights about the human body. I really like the fact that the director made this film in such a short time. The movie is not too long and very creative. Also, the actors are very diverse and full of natural talents. The music is great, but it has the right feeling to it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had heard of the show since I saw it on CBS back in the mid-80s. I can't say I didn't enjoy it as much as the original series. The show ran from June 21 to July 26 and it was at a time when the network was struggling financially and the network couldn't afford to carry it anymore. The writing was creative and creative. The characters were diverse, interesting and very human. The acting was great, and I also enjoyed the way the show dealt with the family issues in the most realistic and realistic way possible.  The cast also did a great job. The kids were realistic and believable. They weren't "chosen" for their acting abilities, but were chosen because they just made a great family.   My family and I are still debating how this show will end, but I would definitely recommend this show to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has good story and is directed by James M. Cain with great music, it has good cast with good special effects. I loved the first part of the movie and I was in love with it and the love story was very special. I liked the second part a lot.  I don't like any of the story. But this movie is very beautiful, the plot is good and the music is great. The movie is not a movie that i don't love and it has not been influenced by other movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the great movie of my childhood. I remember as a child watching this movie for the first time in my life. It was not very exciting and the story is not as good as the story of the movie "The Secret of Nimh". I remember that movie was very funny and I was bored in the beginning.   I also remember when the movie was released, I was excited to watch it again. I went to the video store and found the DVD was in my room.  Now, when watching "Secret of Nimhin", I felt I was watching the story that my childhood friend had told me. It reminded me of the great movies of the 70's, and I found it to be very disturbing and sad.  "Secret Of Nimh" is one of those great movies. It is not really a horror movie, but a story about friendship, and it was scary for me. I was very scared when I watched this movie, and the movie scared me as a little boy. I have seen the movie a lot since, and after seeing it again, I am still scared and confused.  The main character in the movie is a little girl that was bullied in her school, but she did not have enough courage to stand up for herself. One day a boy comes to her and tells her he will kill her. Then the bullies start to bully her again. The girl tries to run and the boy comes and follows her.  It was scary and I did not understand. I knew the boy and the girl was not the same person. I remembered the boy was mean to her, and then I was scared to have him put in the hospital, because they were in a different class.  Then, the movie makes me feel so sad. The characters in this movie were so realistic and I could not even understand them at the time. I would recommend watching it for yourself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an intense and suspenseful film, which focuses on the lives of the main characters. This is the first collaboration between director Antonioni and the screenwriter Michel LeGrand. Antonion had already shown LeGrand his early works.  A good film in which the main character is played by Antonion is one of the early Italian films. In this one the movie is a little less intense, and the characters are more human, with more emphasis on their actions.  This movie has an unusual plot, and this is one more important than the typical Italian movie. The characters are so realistic that you can almost see their emotions and reactions, and it's almost impossible to imagine that they would act like this, or like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this show, but my friends don't. It is so great and funny! If you have ever wanted to laugh and make your own videos, then watch this! I wish there was more of this show. I wish people didn't have to make so great videos! I love it, I have to get some friends to laugh with me too, and I will do it a lot :) 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was a very good movie with good directing and excellent acting from all the cast and the great cinematography. The plot is unique, but I would definitely recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end I was amazed by this stunning movie and would recommend it to anyone. If anyone is interested in learning the art of war movies like this one, then I suggest you watch the "Man At War" series from the Naval Airships Association. This movie is also a tribute to those men who sacrificed so much in World War II. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this movie with my girlfriend who works in the film industry. She was so captivating and entranced that I was able to watch the entire movie with her. We were amazed that we weren't able to finish the entire thing, it was so great! The beautiful cinematography masterful stunning images of this stunning film. I don't think that anyone could ever find this beautiful story and brilliant cast of characters and it is stunning. It is so creative and amazing that I am stunned! The characters were unique and beautiful. I have seen many stories of people in the same situation and I always find them so touching. My favorite one is the story of the homeless man that found out he could use his imagination and found his dreams come true. This is the real life version of a story that is very common. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great romantic film. It is a very romantic-comedy. The story is a love story between an older woman and a younger guy.  This film is very serious. The acting is great, especially the performance by Peter Falk as the older man and the great acting by Stephen Rea as the younger man.  The plot of the film is a lot more serious and serious than some movies. It has great comedic acting and great acting. The main actors are excellent and make the movie great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie that I liked was the first installment of this series.  I liked it very much, but it did not seem to be much of an adult movie. It was a good story and it kept my interest. I had seen a few adult movies and found them to be pretty boring, but this one stands great above all the others. Great movie, great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen a movie with such great acting and beautiful cinematography,it was wonderful! Brilliant cinematography and great direction,great cinematography masterpieces. Excellent music. beautiful images. brilliant special FX. great story. great special FX, great art direction, great cinematography. amazing great special effects and great beautiful images, beautiful cinematograpy. Brilliant story. amazing FX. stunning great music, stunning FX. brilliant FX and great great FX. Brilliant FX. perfect cinematography art. brilliant story. perfect FX. beautiful and stunning FX and amazing special FX! beautiful and amazing FX! brilliant FX. amazing beautiful and great FX! awesome FX! great FX, amazing FX and beautiful images...great FX. FX and special FX..wow great FX and shocking FX. wow FX and stunning. i love it!! wow FX. awesome FX. i loved it.. amazing FX.. stunning FX.. great FX.. amazing great FX... amazing FX... great FX.... great FX but surprising FX and FX.. beautiful FX. nice FX. lovely FX.. awesome FX... perfect FX.. FX... beautiful FX... stunning FX... good FX. fantastic FX.. brilliant FX... awesome FX.. perfect FX...perfect FX.. special FX... i love FX and i love great FX... i love the FX and the FX, beautiful FX.. i love special FX and cool FX.. incredible FX... wow.. amazing and amazing... amazing! the FX is amazing and i believe this movie will make you sad! you will never forget this movie, you'll always remember it. wow amazing FX.. the best FX i've ever seen. i wish i could remember the last time i've seen it... it was the greatest FX i have ever seen.. i hope i can do it again.. i want to do this again. I wish i would see this movie again... i think i will never get that chance... i would recommend you to see this great FX FX.. the best thing i've EVER seen, FX... the best movie of all time... and best movie i'veever seen in my life...wow stunning FX....wow great, beautiful images.. great cinematography... great music... i can't remember another movie with FX FX... it was amazing. this movie is a masterpiece of FX FX FX. incredible FX. the best work i've watched in the last years.. i don't know about..wow.. wow. wow wow... I don't think i've never made it so realistic... wow...
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film if you like dark fantasy and a little science fiction, but don't expect too much. I think that the film shows that a person can be in a bad place at the right time, and can make a good film with a good story. But you'll be amazed how good a film can be made, especially when you have such great actors in such great form. A great example is "2001: A Space Odyssey" which is also very dark fantasy. A person who goes through space travels and meets a young girl, a person who gets in a fight with some aliens, and a person whose mother died and came back to life, are just incredible. I really enjoyed "2001". But this film is a great example of the science fiction genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the first movie ever that I've seen that actually is good.  This is a very nice story, about a widower (Omar) who is about to be married to a rich and very strange woman (Aislinn) and has to choose between his life and his family.  Omar is in his mid to late sixties and has a daughter (Susan) with a very low self-esteem and wants to be a mother.  Aislinne is a young and wealthy woman who works for a very famous actor and is in dire need of money and has found that in the process of making a film that she can really be someone she wants to see.  The film is about a couple of old wrinklies who try and go through life with a low self esteem and then slowly lose their own life.   This movie is very short and well done in spite of its low budget. It is very hard to criticize it. I've only seen it once so far and I must admit that it has changed my life and my thoughts. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I loved the first one, I didn't like this one. It is a great movie. I have seen it a couple of times and I can see why it's hard for people to believe that it is a remake, but I still don't believe it is. I think the movie is great and I've seen it to the end and can still tell how the first movie was.    This is a very good film with a lot of great special effects. It's still very impressive and the special effects are very good. It has some of the most fantastic CG to be seen.  I really enjoyed the movie, especially when the CG is really amazing. The scenes in the first part are so realistic, it almost look like the real movie.  It's so funny, but that's a big plus. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first part is a little too obvious, it was so masterfully crafted and brilliantly done that it became the first great film I've seen. The plot is solid, the pacing masterfully works, and the direction works brilliantly, especially from the very first scenes. I've heard some people say that this is a 'Kung Fu style' movie, but I'm not convinced. It's the classic that no-one can stop smiling long after seeing it. I'm going to try and watch this as soon as I can, so I can see it. It is a magnificent movie with a good plot, excellent performances, and a great plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great love story between a woman and her daughter. I loved it and hope one day I will get the chance to see it again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been to many film festivals and have seen a lot of great films, but this was masterful in every aspect. I loved the fact that I sat in the theater with my kids and they were able to enjoy this beautifully crafted and well-crafted film. It was heartwarming and touching to watch a real person and her family go through a real situation that they can never experience. I hope that this film can bring tears to many people and to encourage them to realize that all of us have dreams and dreams. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It's not an ordinary horror flick, with stunning cinematography and excellent suspense, the story is gripping and suspenseful, the music is haunting and mysterious, and the special effects are stunning and beautiful. The only real disappointment is that this was made in a relatively short time, which means that it's not a true masterpiece, but it still a great film. 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie a few times, so I thought I should write a short review. I really enjoyed this movie, and I hope that anyone who reads this will enjoy it as much as I did. The film is so creative and brilliantly well written that I had to fast forward several times to view it. The story is great, and the direction is great. The songs are amazing, and so are the performances. The camera is beautiful and well-shot. I just love that movie. I think this is one of the great films ever made. I would recommend this film to anyone interested in a movie with good singing. If you are interested in the story, you will love the short film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Predictable Man" is the story of Albert Einstein and his interactions with women.  This film deals with Albert's life, including his famous equations and theories, his life in the 1920's, his views on religion, his relationship with his children, his friendships, and his scientific approach to life.   In this film Albert is able to bring out his own view of the universe.  He has a deep-rooted view of life and does not understand the human condition at all. He is willing to make sacrifices in order to save lives and prevent people from becoming cancer.  In the film, Albert explains his view of people and their relationship with the universe by using a metaphor of "The Big Dipper".  This is not the only story that has been shown in this film, it is the view of Albert as he has given to the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film and the first one in which I have seen this was, indeed, the very first film in which the English language was used on the screen.  The story was so moving, and so beautiful, that I was able to follow it as the film went on.  This is an adaptation of a play by Richard Gere, who was the original playwright on this movie, but who has made a magnificent attempt at reviving his career with a screenplay and a book. I found the actors and the actors in this film to be superb. The script is so beautifully written, that it was very easy to follow and, even harder to understand what was happening. The actors are all believable, with a great performance by Miranda Richardson, who really does not look like an actress. The story is touching, the film itself beautiful, and I do not feel the need to comment on the film for the story, as I am sure many people would find this film disturbing, and would like to know what the main character is going through, and perhaps I can assist in explaining some of his thoughts.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like "The Cat and the Canary" because it's so original, and so true to the nature of nature and animals. It's one of those movies that I wish wasn't, and I recommend it to anyone who wants to learn something about nature and nature, and animals in general. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining movie with good acting, a great plot, and some good performances. I have seen a lot of "serious" films and I like the way this one is.  This film has some great music in it, but the vocals are so good, that you can't hear anything. A good performance by Alison Eastwood as the wife who is a stay at home mom, and the great singing by Kim Basinger as the mother. I don't understand what this movie is about, and I hope I will get an answer to this question. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful romantic movie. The acting is great, especially the performance of the two main characters: Gackt and Hyde. The direction is great also, especially for the special effects and the wonderful romantic scenes.   The plot is very touching. This movie contains a few of the clichés of the genre:  - Romantic story about a girl discovering that she is infatuated by the idea of a man's heart and soul - and the two people who are infativated by her infatuation with this idea - her mother and her father.  - The heroine's infatuations are a mystery, but we do not learn what these two people are or why they do not reveal their feelings to her. They are so human and humanized, that we are not able to take them into our hearts.  And the end of the movie is even more touching:    - We see Gacki and Hyde kissing each other, in which we learn that they are not a couple and that they live in the same world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film not meant to be taken seriously. It's more of a love story of two friends who are in the middle of a very serious relationship. The only way it's possible to do this in real life is if you're a huge B5 fan or if you've seen the original game.  This was a brilliant piece of work and it made me cry.  The characters are great and some of the jokes are so great it are genius.  Overall, this is a wonderful romantic anime that has some great scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very short but very impressive movie with some great performances and some great directing. It is interesting to see the relationship of the young and the old in their old age.  I am glad I saw this movie. I would love to buy it and get it on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw it at the TIFF film festival and I thought it was pretty good, but then I remembered this film when it was first released. And I still do today, I love it. I'm amazed how this is sometimes a masterpiece of the director and the cinematographer. It doesn't take long before you are swept away in its beauty, its elegance, its charm. The story is simple, yet it is full of great life and good-looking locations, great casting and great story. It is also filled with great performances from all the actors and it is interesting how all of them are able to live and die in such beautiful places.  In conclusion, this film is worth watching more than once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is funny and I liked it because the lead was good and he was really good. The movie was funny and the movie wasn't boring. The actors were great. The story was interesting and the humor was great.  I give this movie a 10/10 beautiful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Vigilante" is a well-made and very interesting story. It has a plot and it is very well done. I enjoyed the whole movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is fantastic. The beautiful landscapes, beautiful characters, great special effects, wonderful settings and great music all enhance the film greatly. The music in the film is wonderful, with fantastic, beautiful melodies and great performances. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an excellent romantic anime. I think that the characters are realistic and I like the idea of the story of the "hokai" (the Japanese name for the animal), because this was a very important time in their lives, it could also influence the people in the future.   Overall, it is a very charming anime and I would recommend it to anyone interested in romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is in black and white and very colorful and well made. I really liked the movie and wanted to see how she could be.  The music is great and the action is very exciting and the story is gripping. The story is very good and it will be told in great detail and I recommend it to any movie lover.  I loved the first one and it was very good.  This movie is very very similar and very enjoyable. The plot is very suspenseful, very well thought out and very well put together. The pace is fast and the movie moves at a good pace. I recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best episode is 'The Last Wave' - which was not an enjoyable one, but a very powerful one nonetheless - a 'love story' that is a bit like an indie film, if you want. It has an interesting script and great acting and some great visuals, but it is not the best episode of the series.   'The last wave' is a very different episode than 'The rest'. It has a very strong script and the usual good visuals, which make this episode a must-see for fans of the show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the way that it made me feel for the character. It wasn't a movie, but an experience that made me realize how important life is to those of us that don't have much. It is a sad reality, and not one that is easy to bear.   This is a movie that I wish everyone else had. It made me cry, but that was worth all the memories of those of you that have seen this movie, I don't know if anyone has seen this, or if you have, I would like to know. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Gloria" is a great film that is so underrated that I am surprised. A great ensemble cast, including the likes of Diahann Carroll, Marilyn Kagan, Susan Hayward, and Gene Tierney (she is the daughter of the director of "All the Family"), and the beautiful Diahanne-Marie Johnson, play the title character, a high school senior who has a thirst for revenge after her sister has killed her father in a robbery. As she is about to graduate from high school, she is targeted by a gang of hoods and a church youth. A very believable story with a great script and great acting from everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie and i have seen it with my daughter and she loved it too. So I decided to rent it on VHS.com. It was so great and i really enjoyed the fact that there was a little blood in it but the movie was good enough. The acting was great and it was great special story. All the actors and actresses were great. I loved the little girl's acting, the old man's acting was good and the other people were great as well. The best performance was that of the girl who played the main role. I have seen the movie a lot and i always try to watch it and it always surprises me. I think it is a good little movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of the silent era. In it, Marlon Brando plays a detective in the course of his investigation of an arson case in his hometown. Brando's portrayal of Brando is not at all Brando, but Brando at his best, and the two stars of this film - Brando and Brando - are equally adept in their portrayals.  In fact, it is difficult to know where to begin with this outstanding film.   This film is not a complete story, but it is interesting and entertaining. Brandl is quite good as a detective, and as a result, the film is the product of a brilliant screenplay. The film is directed by John Waugh, but the acting is not bad. The camera is beautiful and the camera movements perfectly capture the various emotions of the various characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The beginning of this movie is the great scene. The two main characters are the older woman, who was an art student in her time, and her father. The movie is good, but it is not one of my favorite, and I don't think it is possible for it to be one of the great scenes.  I don;t remember how great this movie was. The acting is great, and the beautiful cinematography brilliant.  My rate: 7/5. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an original and original, and I was surprised by this film at the time.  It was very emotional at times, and at the end of the movie I cried, almost like a little girl that gets to meet her idol.   This was an original story, and not just a tearjerker.  I recommend this movie to anyone, and don't worry, I don't know if I'm the only one that liked it, but I'm definitely not the only person who has seen it.  7/5 Stars 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It was one of the great films of the 30's and 40's. The story line for the main character was a young woman named Lena who meets and falls in love with the man of her dreams. The film follows Lena and her mother, Lena's grandmother, Lena and Lena's brother, Lena who eventually have to choose between the man and the life she has planned for herself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the masterful and stunning interpretation of the tale by director James Cagney, who brought the story of Little Britain and the Scottish countryside to life and transformed the country's very landscape, the very things that make Scotland so beautiful.  The story centres on the attempts of the Little Britain team to recapture the lost world of their youth and the struggles of one little girl who is in search of her dream. The story is told with such realism and poignancy that it seems to be real and true. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very well crafted, romantic and touching movie about the relationship of a woman who's married to her abusive father and his son, which she has been avoiding because of his violent reaction to her. The father, played very straight, seems to have a lot of sympathy for his son and his anger and is willing to forgive his son's bad behaviour. The son's behaviour towards his father is hard to accept, as he is a loner and seems to only care about his own safety and the safety of his own mother.  It's a slow paced, well directed, poignant, yet very sad movie. The script is great, the camera beautiful and the film works well in dark areas, particularly when there is a mood of shock.  This is an emotional story that doesn't try to be dramatic and the actors give very believable performances, especially the lovely Natalie Portman, who has been nominated for several awards. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen some pretty bad TV horror movies and have seen better.  The only film that I've watched in the last five years was The Hills Have Eyes II, and I loved that movie. This is the perfect blend of the two. It's fast paced and atmospheric, the scares are great, and the atmosphere is dark and creepy. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone looking to get scared. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way that was not as good as "The Adventures of Pluto Nash" was, "The House That Dripped Pearls" is much the same. The main difference being that there are two main characters: the librarian and the cat. There are also some great moments.  I would like to have more of the story but I can't complain too much because the wonderful cast and the masterful directing by Peter Sarno made this beautifully beautiful movie.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is one of the best stories ever. It is a very simple story, it does not bore you to death. It shows a few of the hardships that the human body experiences, and how they overcome them. The film is very intense, and if you want to see a good story, watch this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The beginning of the movie reminded me of a story from "Rabble Rhapsody", but I don't think it was from "Kung Fu". The movie is a brilliant mix of humour, suspense, romance and action all together. I've seen it all, and I can't decide what my favourite scenes are.  I think the movie is good for the audience, it's great to watch and I like the way the movie depicts the relationship between the main characters.  The movie does have a lot of martial arts scenes, I don;t think the story is too heavy, but I like all the special effects, and the movie does make me want to learn to do kung fu. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an amusing and sad movie. The story is simple yet very emotional, the characters are sympathetic and real, and the story has a powerful ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the life of a blind woman is an unusual one, but this movie gives a great perspective on what life is like for someone with a severe case of blindness. I am not sure if I am the first person to have lived with this condition, but I do remember watching this film when it first came out about eleven years ago. I still get angry at people who have criticized this film, because there is nothing that could be wrong with it, and people who criticize the film for its portrayal of the blind person are really missing the point.   The only people who are mad at this film are those who think that the person who played the role of blind girl was somehow mentally disabled. If that is true, then why wouldn't the person with the mental disability play the role? This film is a good film about a person with severe vision loss who is living in a foreign land with very limited communication capabilities. I wish more people understood how this is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I was watching this, I was completely immersed in the beautiful story of the search for the lost daughter. In the search, the story moved me. It wasn't just the story, the emotions, the love of the father or the mother, but the search itself. The endearing, beautiful and touching movie was about a mother's quest for her daughter and not her daughter's. This film showed the power of all mothers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story of the two main stars of the show, Charlie and Sabrina, is an almost ideal romantic-comedy. The actors have great chemistry and the jokes are great. The plot is solid and Charlie is the perfect romantic partner to Sabrina. They play off each other well, and are quite cute and very endearing. The comedy is great, and the movie is cute. My rating is 2/5. I'd give it a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've always been very interested in this kind of thing, and this is it. It's a little long, but it is very enjoyable and it's the kind of movie that I've seen a few times before and that are actually worth watching. The only thing that annoyed me was the movie was so entertaining. It doesn't look fake, it's actually very natural. The story itself is very original and original, and it is the characters, the acting and beautiful cinematography that makes this movie great. It also isn't full of unnecessary, brilliant special effects and beautiful special effects, which are what you would expect from this movie. So, go see this movie! I'm a fan of this kind and would love to see more from this kind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very unique film in the sense that it has some historical value. For example, it was made in 1859 by the director of "Beau travail" (1859), and it was one of the first movies in which he made a story that had more to do with life.    I was a teenager when this movie came out and I can't remember much of the movie.  It was interesting to watch a movie that was made with this theme in mind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very atmospheric and suspenseful thriller that focuses on two main characters: one played by Rain Man and the other by Raines, who take on the identities of two deceased (and possibly deceased) women in their mid-thirties.  The story focuses on Rain Man's attempt to find the woman who was his wife and discovers that her husband, played by Tom Cruise, has become a very strange recluse, and that he has some very dark secrets.  This film is the third collaboration between Raines and Cruise, but there's not much difference in style or production style between the two, although the film is shot on an extremely low budget (with some stunning scenery).  It features some great performances from Raines (I particularly like his cameo in the film) and Cruise (I can't wait to see him).  If you are expecting a thriller like this, then I would strongly recommend this film, and if you are hoping for a thriller that offers a more intelligent story than this one, then perhaps you should go for something else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is unlike most American movies. The characters are all very interesting and colorful. The director made the best of the situation by using all of the colorful characters and scenes from the book to create a unique world. It is very exciting and i recommend it to anyone interested in creating their own worlds. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title, 'The Young Frankenstein', was a brilliant idea and I found it funny. The idea was a very twisted premise and was very original. I was very intrigued by the story and found the film very entertaining and it became a must see! The film is well directed and the acting was great and the sound good, with great music. I found the characters to be interesting and fun to watch. The lead actress played the role of a very intelligent and intelligent young girl who learns to appreciate life's simple things and the world as she sees fit. The script was very creative and the story to be honest and very creative. All in all a great film!! 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been a huge comic book reader, since my childhood. It is quite amazing how so few people, no matter how far removed from their childhood, can see this, which, when seen with my kids, is often painful. We were amazed at some of the things we saw in the book, such as a rabbit getting a tattoo on his forehead, a wolf in the woods and a mountain lion with horns growing out of its forehead.  The other side of this movie is a little more complex than the first.  We have the classic comic book feeling, but this movie really captures the essence of that book.  One thing that really annoyed me was that I felt like I was watching a show, even though it is not a show. I would like to say that the only show I liked was `Hulk', which is the show that has made me the biggest fan of any of the Marvel superhero universe, and that shows the difference between a show and a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It was the first time that I felt so good about the relationship between an older woman and a younger man in the same room.  I was in my late 30s and had just moved into a small apartment in a small, quiet neighborhood. We needed something new and exciting. So I tuned to the radio and got a good idea. What I got was great, wonderful, beautiful and wonderfully true.   What I learned is that this film has a message. A man's life, his dreams, his thoughts, his emotions are his own business, no matter how much of it he wishes for.  It doesn't matter how old you are, how mature you are. It doesn´t matter.  The message is to live your dreams.  A good life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to go back and rewind and see this classic movie and was amazed by the beauty and intricacies of this film. The acting is great and so are the beautiful cinematography. The music and the great cinematography brilliantly match up to create the best cinematic experience of the story of two families living in the woods. The only flaw is that it is a very long film with very few special scenes. The length is quite short but the beautiful scenery is magnificent. It is a classic story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had always wondered what the last episode of "the X Files" was, so I sought out the movie on my local library's collection DVD.  It's the last movie that I ever watched, and I would love to see it again!  I would like to see the rest of the show, and was excited to learn more about this mysterious, unfinished story.  This was the first movie that scared me, and it was scary because I was scared of what could lurk within it.  I'd love to learn what these guys (from the "Extremities") were able to do! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this is one brilliant and unique movie. It's about a beautiful, intelligent, yet very ordinary man (Brian White) that discovers he has to overcome life's challenges in order to live life in the big city.  The plot is interesting and it's easy to see why it isn't better known.  It's a fairly low-budget movie with a few great performances. It was very well done, especially considering the script and great directing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had the great pleasure of seeing this film on my way home from the airport one night.  It's just that intriguing, the cinematography perfect, and most of all, enjoyable.  I can watch it again and again, but I find it rather boring.   The ending is a surprise. The ending alone has stuck with me for days, and it's still a tear-jerker, just don't expect the unexpected surprise.  The cast are great, especially the two main stars, the actress who played the lead, and the other actors in the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is interesting, the dialog is creative and unique, the cinematography stunning and great use of colors and shapes.  The director has chosen a story of a very good time, to tell a very interesting story about a very unusual time in human history.  A young boy is taken into custody by the authorities and taken to an institution for psychiatric care. His mother (Johann) has been locked in a room for days and there are rumors that the boy is insane. When the boy comes to the institution, he finds out that he is in for a shocking surprise, the doctors have created a special environment to help him, and he is surrounded by beautiful people who want to help in this unusual case.  He is rescued by a group of strangers, who all want to take care of the boy.  This movie is filled with good use of colorful and sometimes disturbing images, and is interesting for the time period. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie, not the typical B-movie fare. An almost unknown indie film with a very good script and good performances, and a great cast. The first 20 minutes of the film were great, but it soon became engaging, and then the story became beautiful and interesting.   I was surprised by the way the story developed, and it stayed engaging, as the movie went along beautifully.  The ending, while a surprise, was a bit surprising, and made me want to be moved by it and see more.  I think this movie is worth a 7/10, but I give it a solid 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a romantic and uplifting story of a family with the same father. It tells the story of an older woman, a mother, and their struggles to overcome real problems and achieve their dreams. It is an incredible movie. I think this movie was filmed beautifully. The cinematography is brilliant and I love the haunting feeling of the old house.  The characters are very real and it shows how they were able to live a happy life despite their problems. I am surprised at how realistic and believable the characters are and the performances of each character is. It shows how the family members were able adjust to their problems and find happiness and love. The mother struggles to live her dreams and the father struggles to find fulfillment in life.  I would love to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had to see this in the 70's when it was still a fairly common subject in the US. It is not really considered a crime or even a serious crime, and is still treated as an interesting subject, a crime to be caught by a police officer and tried, even hanged.  It is an interesting film and not as gory as the original book.  The movie itself is not good as a history of the mafia, but it is good as an entertaining giallio-movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Night Listener" is the story of a detective investigating the disappearance of his partner and his pursuit of the murderer. He is haunted by the loss of his life, his family, and his inability to get help from his fellow officers.   He comes to the conclusion that there is a serial killer on the loose and is killing people one by one.  The Night Listner follows a man named Joe as he investigates this mystery. The movie is very suspenseful and is not as easy as it may seem. It is a great horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know why this movie has such a hard life on DVD, I've seen the movie many times before and I've noticed that this movie is still fresh in my memory after 25 years. I'm shocked by how good it is and how great the acting is. It's all the wonderful nuances of human nature, of life, that I've ever experienced, but I've never seen anything so natural and beautiful, but this is it. The actors are masterful, beautiful, realistic, beautiful. I've also noticed that the director, Masayuki Suo, hasn't changed his style of work since his masterpiece, and that's also impressive. It is amazing that he has stayed faithful to his own works, which also are very natural and very humanistic, for so many years. The beautiful scenery, beautiful people, great acting, beautiful scenery all make this movie natural and naturalistic. I believe that this is a magnificent movie that needs to be shown again in theaters and that there are still many people out there who don't think that this film is perfect. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love it!! It is funny, the action is very kinetic and there are plenty of funny quotes. It is very similar to "Cadet Kelly" and "Kelly" in that they are both set in a high school with many people in the school doing very strange things and you have to deal with them. I like this movie very much. It seems to be a very unique movie and there is not too much of it that I can remember. There are some pretty good actors here and I was very impressed with them at first. The best part was when the main character talks about the school and the people in it and says "This is just the beginning of something." That was the first time I have seen the person who played that part talk that way and I don't know why.   This movie is like a real fun movie. It isn't very long and I think it is funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm surprised. The movie was beautiful. I loved it. It was funny and I would recommend it to anyone who loves to watch good movies. I can't recommend this film highly enough, because it was a great movie. I was surprised how good it was. It has a lot of funny parts. The music is great. I would like to recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very interesting story. The main character is a graduate student of psychology at the University of California. She is fascinated by the idea of an autistic child and her interactions with others. She begins to look into what she could learn about herself through her observations. This is a movie that is filled with great performances from all the actors and great insights from the viewer.  This is the kind of movie that you would never expect to come out of a friend's house and enjoy watching. It's an engaging movie that doesn't take itself too seriously and that you don't have to be a psychology student to enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title is from the Greek word for a hero, and so it is. But, if there is such a person, you will see that he has an overwhelming sense of honor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the acting and the writing of this show, the songs, the scenery, the characters, and the beautiful setting of the world, where all is so simple and beautiful.  The cast is great, and I think the series will continue on for as long as people keep tuning in.  My final comment about this show is, don't miss it! If you liked this show and the series, then I am sure you will also like the show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an incredible movie that deserves your attention. I loved it. It is so funny and i am surprised that people would think it is a "funny" movie. It's just a good story with great acting and great music. I am surprised at how great it is.  I love the scene where they are talking about the family who played in the Olympics. That is a true story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's an amusing, twisted, and at times corny movie.   This movie is so fun, it's good for the audience, and I'm glad I went and saw it. It was the first movie I ever saw, and it still remains the only movie I've seen.  I enjoyed it because it had a plot, but the film was fun. It made me laugh so hard I had tears in my eyes. It did not try to be serious, and was very tasteless, but it was funny.  It's also not just a movie for the kids, but for the adults who think that it's a good kid movie. I have to admit that I don't always find it a fun movie, and sometimes I just find it boring.  This film is a real shame because it has one of the funniest and most heartless characters I've ever seen in a movie, with a lot of lines and scenes. I was surprised how funny this film was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I don't believe that this was a comedy from the beginning to the end. The great thing is that it isn't all that great. The best scenes are the beginning and the end of the movie. I don;t think that the great scene is at the beginning. I have seen many movies with great acting and great cinematography. And this one stands amazing in this category. The brilliant script and brilliant fine directing makes this movie great. Excellent great acting from all the actors, great great beautiful cinematography, great beautiful settings. Brilliant cinematography masterpieces, beautiful great cinematographic settings, great fine performances, great stunning acting performances and great great great cinemas. Highly recommended!! 10/10!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a good story about the story of a woman who is in search of her missing daughter. It has good acting, nice music and a good script.  The best song in the movie is "The Last Wave" by Paul and Grace Williams. This is one of the better songs of the film.  I would have liked to have seen a lot more of the story. There are some nice scenes and the plot is good.  This is an enjoyable story of man versus nature, which is quite sad to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was my first time seeing this film when it came out, I really loved it, but was really amazed by how great it was, and how I never knew of it until it came on late one night on TV. I was in a mood to be surprised, I just happened to be tuned in to a BBC documentary about the new space age, and I was amazed to learn that the film had taken me to the edge of my seat, I mean it was amazing! I think everyone should see this film, and if you don't like it, you don´t have to be a person that likes films with a lot of violence and explosions, but you don`t have a heart, you would never understand. If you are open minded and tolerant, you will probably understand the plot, and you may even get scared of the film, as it can take some very dark and serious places. So don´s your point? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've read a lot about this movie, but i don't want to go in to the details, I want to just tell you that I love it, and the whole cast does as well. The direction is masterful, beautifully beautiful, and it is so creative that it is brilliant. All in all I loved this film, it was a great movie, I would like to see more of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know why I have so much hate for this film. I loved the film when I first saw it at a cinema. It is the first time I have seen the real thing.  I am glad that this film was made in such wonderful locations. The actors and the director have great imagination. The beautiful scenery makes it real beautiful and makes it interesting to look at.  The ending is beautiful. The great performances of the cast make it more realistic.  If you want to see this movie, I recommend you to go to the movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful romantic movie set in the English countryside in 18th century England.It is the first movie to deal with the subject of witchcraft,but it is the last.The first time i saw this movie,it was a curiosity movie.Now in the end i think it is very scary,because the witches are very real and very frightening.The plot is good,the performances are good and the story is good.This is the perfect romantic story. I would recommend this movie to everyone.I would give it a high rating,which could not be higher than 5/5. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't understand why people are so critical of this movie. I love the movie! The acting is great and wonderfully diverse. All the characters are unique and come from different backgrounds. All of them have different lives and come together to play different roles. The movie is wonderful! I hope one day the movie will be available on DVD and that people will buy it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that this movie is well done, the acting is brilliant, and the cinematography brilliant. I love the music, especially from the soundtrack, and like most of the songs in this movie i love the lyrics, which are very interesting and very fitting to the story. The great acting by the four main characters, i wish there was more of them.  All in all a great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an indie film that has been made in the US in the last 15 years (by some accounts it is the first film from the country) and it's very well made.   The story is set in the old city district of Melbourne and follows two stories. One is about a girl who becomes famous when she marries and meets a guy (a cab driver) from Thailand. The other is about the local baker who makes her first cake for the day.  The acting is fine and the characters are believable and well done.  I love the bus driver, the taxi driver and the baker. I also like the girl who plays the bus passenger and the man who made her first cookie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is about a couple of high school students who have to put their differences aside and work together to defeat the evil. The movie is also filled with fantastic performances from the two leads, and a wonderful soundtrack. The whole movie is great fun. I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a funny, good movie. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was such wonderful entertainment that the whole family gathered around for an exciting night of classic MGM fare. As such, the night was full of adventure. The story, the monsters, the special effects, everything was wonderful. The special effects were beautiful. The music perfectly suited the action and atmosphere. The cinematography master brilliantly masterfully captured the essence of this film. The songs were magnificent, and the special FX, beautifully captured. I loved every minute of this brilliant entertainment. 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've seen this movie for about 7 years and I still love it. The characters are strong and realistic, not so much for kids as for adults. I was surprised by how real and how real the characters were.  I still think the story is cute and that the movie is fun to watch. This is a short, cute, and fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the original, and think about the story of a mother of a little girl who is the sole survivor of a mysterious plane crash, you will love this movie. It's a little hard to believe that the mother is still alive, and it's a bit weird, as I was so intrigued by the opening scene.   The movie is great, with good special effects, and good cinematography. You will probably be disappointed to watch the movie again, as there are many surprises and turns to the unexpected, and a lot of great scenes. It is a good story, and I would recommend it to everyone.  9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie that was made for the Italian public and that is why I am so astonished and dismayed by this film. It is so beautiful, it is touching.  I would like to thank Stefania Rocca for such beautiful cinematography and the great Paolo Piccioni for all the beautiful Italian locations he used to film the beautiful music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only way I can explain this brilliant show is to compare it to one of the great shows that I have ever seen.  In this show, we watch a show that is not simply entertainment, we are learning how to be real people, to look at life from a bird's eye view.  It is not a bad show, it is an inspiring show.  The cast is amazing, especially the main actor of the show, who has gone on to a great career. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen a film so beautiful, and I can't imagine how it could be better! This is a very good film. The acting is wonderful, and the special effects amazing. The beautiful scenery is breathtaking. The great music, beautiful costumes, great music and great acting in a very touching film. I loved this movie, and will continue to watch it. I hope one day there will be a DVD of this film, and perhaps a special edition DVD of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best British film ever made. The story of the relationship between the two main characters is something that should be told to the public. However, as a serious film, it is a real must see. The script is creative and creative and the two leads perfectly fit in the roles, but there is not one dull scene. Excellent performances from all the actors, great direction and great photography. A real must buy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Moustache" is a wonderful little movie. It stars the late Jack Nicholson as an older, wiser, and more experienced cop. He's on the case of a killer moustache killer.  I can't wait to see this great little movie again. I've watched it a couple times and even though it's not the greatest film of all time, it is still not one of the great films.  The Moustaches are one of those movies that you see when you want to feel something and are open to new ideas. But once you have accepted those ideas, it becomes something different and unique.  "Mystery Science Theater 3000" has a similar formula. But unlike "The Mystery Science Theater", it doesn't change the formula every time. It simply keeps great.  It is really an engaging movie that makes you think and gives you a new way of looking at the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First things first. What a great movie! The first thing I liked about this movie was that it was well done. The story, the cast, great performances, great settings and great settings, stunning cinematography, great music, great casting and great music. It's great music and great film making. The film is great. I have seen the movie twice and I can tell you I loved it the first time. But I liked it the second time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful story about an immigrant woman and her husband that come to America for a vacation with her kids. One night, while relaxing in a hotel, the wife sees an interesting and appealing image of the sun, and of an American flag flying over the hotel. She becomes captivated by the image of this flag, and she begins to search for the object, unaware that the flag has nothing to do with her, or the country she is in.    This movie has great acting and some beautiful images, including a couple dancing in a cemetery, an old man in a swimming pool, a woman in a train, and a woman with a red coat in the airport. I love all the images of the lady in the train and the old man dancing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie on TV in Germany and I thought it was a really good movie. It is a sad movie with a very interesting plot and the best of all is that it is very true to the original movie. I like the whole movie and I also think that the plot was very original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first half of this film is a great tribute to the classic 'Gorilla and Hyde' - but it's not just that classic. The film is much more than that - it's an almost ideal piece of work, with great performances from both the actors and the director. I found it quite touching and funny, with the story being very emotional, which is a very bad thing, and the actors playing their roles very emotive, which are the main characteristics of the story. I really hope the actors find more roles, and more fame, for themselves!    I recommend 'Gandhi and Hyde', as a great way to introduce children to this classic, and a fun one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen the movie in the theater, and I loved it. It was so beautifully written and beautiful, and it's very, very strange. I wish I could tell the story of my daughter's trip to the island and all of the troubles that she and her friends have faced. It is a sad and heartbreaking movie that is sad in the way that a real story should be.  The acting is beautiful, as well. The plot is realistic, and the story is touching. It reminded me of my trip to Disney World. It also reminds me of a trip I made to the Isle of Dr. Moreau in the early summer. The island is very similar to the story, and this movie was definitely not about Disney at all.    I wish Disney had made this movie in 1986. I would have enjoyed it as much as I did this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very powerful and atmospheric movie. The story of the relationship of the main characters is a compelling and interesting one. The characters are real and interesting and in this movie you can see how they are trying to fulfill their dreams and how the story is the result.  The movie is about the life of a family that has been living together for more than twenty years and there is so much tension and confusion, especially in the dream sequences, that I found to be disturbing and I was afraid that they would wake me up.  This movie shows how a life in the woods can be lonely and meaningless. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is a fantastic cast of characters from different cultures and ethnic backgrounds, each with a different viewpoint. The cast is large and diverse, with actors with different ages and ethnic origins. They have their own stories and can be found in their own individual IMDb accounts.  The story is about two young people from Africa, living in the Middle East, who meet and become friends after learning the value of life from their African relatives. The movie deals with the experiences of the two African friends, their experiences with other people in their world, and the lives of other young people in the world.   This movie is not about religion, but about people with different views, lives and views. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to see a great movie, watch the movie again and again! I've seen it more than twenty times and I am amazed by the fact that I have never seen it the same way again.  This is a short, simple and touching story of a very simple and beautiful relationship between an old woman and a very young guy. The two have very different opinions and so they must work together.   I think this is a very romantic movie, not a drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has a simple message that is very hard to find in the current literature, "Life is a gift".  It seems that the current film makers have done great fine art. They beautifully portray the true story of two families in Israel and how each family is affected by a tragic accident, both emotionally and physically.  I've seen many films dealing with this subject and this is one of them.   I have a feeling this is very close to the true facts. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had the pleasure of seeing this film at the Brooklyn Film Festival, and I was amazed by the beautiful cinematography and brilliant editing. A beautiful soundtrack of contemporary indie pop, a few great actors (the director's own words), and a beautiful location for the filming. I highly recommend it to anyone interested in a story that is not typical. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very funny, and the ending is very touching.  I found the movie very touching and sad. The acting is great, but the direction is masterful. The movie shows how family and friends can be affected by illness and tragedy. The cast is wonderful. The cinematography master master works beautifully. The beautiful cinematography is masterfully crafted. The great music and great directing master works wonderfully.  The acting, cinematography and cinematography works beautifully together. The characters are realistic, but you will laugh and cry with them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite anime ever. This is a cute little movie about a couple of orphaned children who have made up a bond and who must find a way to defeat their enemies, and at the same time, learn to trust each other.  I don't think it's an animated feature film, but a very cute movie. I'm looking forward to more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first installment of the series, which stars James Cromwell as a detective who is on the case of an escaped murderer. When he arrives in the town of Rauchmeuße, a former friend of the dead murderer, he finds a strange house, a house that is haunted by the spirit of a young woman. The movie is filled with mysteries, and one mystery in particular: what happened there and who's behind the murders? James Cromwoll's performance in this is a surprising turn, because he is not a talented actor, and he shows a strange and disturbing fascination with his role.  The second installment, which is titled "Suspense," stars James Cox as a police detective investigating the case. He tries to solve the mystery, and his methods prove to be effective. His approach is both logical and psychologically interesting, but this is done with a good sense of irony, and a great sense of unease. James Cromwnoll has an interesting and disturbing role as a psychic. He shows a chilling fear of the unknown, and shows his psychological tendencies in a more subtle way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie and it is a sequel to the original "The Secret Diary". The plot is very interesting and at the end i saw that it was a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved "Cockney", and was a huge fan of that movie when I saw it. It was the story of a young man named Mark. The plot is a classic. The movie has a few interesting moments, and is in some parts very slow. There are some great scenes, and the story itself is a nice one. I have a lot of opinions about this movie, but I guess it's just my opinion. The scene where Mark's cousin is getting beat up by the police is probably one of the best scenes. It could have been a great movie. I think it was a great director job. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the story of a group of brothers (one father, two fathers, one mother) who, after their fathers death, find out that their brother is alive and can't be the reason for their mother to be so fearful of losing her husband and son.  I enjoyed this film and hope that they have more coming soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know if this was one master piece of performance art, but it certainly captured my attention. The story and the acting is great masterpieces. A great cast with great performances. A masterful script. beautiful scenery. exquisite settings. stunning cinematography. stunning beautiful cinematography masterpieces, great special FX and great beautiful photography. Inspiring and beautiful and memorable performances. Inspirational music. Perfectly orchestrated, beautifully filmed and beautifully realized. The music was perfect. And the special FX, well, I never heard of them before, so beautiful and beautiful FX. A brilliant screenplay. Perfect music. Beautiful settings. Perfect settings. Brilliant cinematography, stunning stunning visuals. Perfect sound. Perfect acting. Perfect FX. Perfect cinematography and perfect settings. Inspiral music and stunning cinematographic music. Inspiraational music, perfect settings, stunning settings and stunning photography. Perfection. Perfect, perfect perfection. Perfect perfection. Inspiration and perfection. Amazing works of art. Perfect masterpiece. Inspires me to be creative and creative, to be inventive and creative. Inspirs me to create and to create, to create. Perfect and perfect performances, perfect performances. Perfect for the story and perfect for the audience. Inspirm, perfect. Perfect. Perfect film. Perfect art. Beautiful. Inspiriational art. Inspiry, perfection. Beautiful works of cinematography that I could enjoy. Inspire, beautiful, beautiful works of life. Inspurational art, perfect and perfect. Inspirisational art that you would dream of. Inspirences me to live life. Beautiful, perfect, beautiful. Perfect performances. Beautiful and perfect cinematography to make the beautiful and perfect, perfect movie. Inspiritational works. Inspirons me to dream. Inspurs me to look for something beautiful and meaningful, something creative, beautiful and creative and beautiful, and to live and learn, to understand and accept life, and learn to love. Inspirtious and inspiring, beautiful performances. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise is simple enough. A young man leaves on his journey to the Promised Land. In the middle of the road he meets with a woman named Dora (Dora is a beautiful young woman, with a mysterious past and dark past). The two become friends and have great talks about the nature of life and what it means for the future.  As they begin their journey together, a mysterious rain falls through the sky, seemingly followed by a series of earthquakes, with heavy rainfalls, and the pair soon find that the rain is a sign of something, which is a change in the nature.  The pair soon become friends, and they can see the strange changes in nature that have taken place. They soon find out that the water is not just falling from the sky. Instead, the water, along with all the life in it, is a manifestation of the earth itself. The couple soon become aware of the fact that the world is changing, and that it is being changed by other forces. They are able to perceive these changes and, in the end, decide to go back to their home in the Promising Land.   It's a pretty good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen some bad movies in my time and this one was awesome masterpieces. This movie is awesome beautiful and I love the music and I like the acting. This was a great movie. I don't know what my parents are going to do when they see it on TV. I'd like to thank everyone involved in creating beautiful beautiful and creative movies. It's a great cast. I love them all. My favorite song was the one where they were singing and dancing the "My girl friend is a dancer". My favorite scene was when they were making "Silly rabbit" with their friends. This is a great scene. I loved it. The dancing and singing is awesome. The animals were great. I wish there was a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about an old woman and her journey to discover her life's purpose in life. Her life changed when she becomes aware that there is a new world outside her home and she is forced to live it and see what life would have been like had she been raised in the old world. This movie shows the different life that a person with an old life would live in and how their dreams and dreams become manifest in reality. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a simple, touching, and hilarious story about the struggles of an average guy and his family to survive the encroaching gentleness of modern life. It's about the family business and the family's inability to adapt. The film is set in an old-time neighborhood in the West Village, where the main street is a busy thoroughfare. I don't know how old this is, but it must be about a quarter century since I've been there.  The movie is in black and white and follows the lives of the main character's son, Adam, and his mother, Grace, and their struggles as they try to survive on the street. Adam is a quiet, down-on man who's trying to be a father, and Grace is a doting housewife who has trouble adjusting to life's demands. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am an avid fan of films and was surprised at this film. It was so beautifully crafted, beautiful, and so well put together that it is stunning. It shows the real world through the eyes of a teenager and the world through a teenager's eyes. The actors did amazing portrayals, and the film is well worth watching again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films that you have seen many times and can't decide what you think about it, so you give it a chance.  What you see is a fantastic plot of how a couple of old ladies in love are preparing for the holidays. One of them is a woman who lives with her husband, but there's a lot that goes on around them.  There's also a scene where the old lady is out in the front yard and the neighbor's dog is hanging from a tree and she's got to come and pick him up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short movie in black and white. It's a noir story with elements of a pulp movie and a modern thriller. The film is full of atmosphere, the actors great performances, the action great and the story masterfully crafted. The pacing is brisk, the plot flow is masterfully thought out and it's the perfect film to showcase the strengths of all the actors. This is not an action movie, not a story and not even a thriller. It does take away from the action movie genre. It has some of the elements of that genre but it also isn't really a crime movie like most action films. It is a great film for the director to direct and he masterfully delivered the story with an eerie atmosphere. This movie is a perfect complement to the great work of the great director Edward G. Robinson who directed another of his great works in the same genre.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good and underrated indie movie. The only drawback is the soundtrack by James M. Kahn.  I would have liked to see more diversity in the roles. I did not expect too much diversity, but the film is well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not going to describe this movie because I like all the other movies from this genre. In this movie, the story is simple, beautiful and very touching. A few words to describe the story: "I am an artist", "My art", "I like to paint", "This is my art",... It is a masterpiece of art. I don't have to give my opinion. This is a story of love and life. It is not hard to understand.  The cinematography is stunning and beautiful. The beautiful landscapes and the breathtaking beauty of the movie, makes me feel like a painter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never seen a movie before, so I thought it would be a great experience. It was a great movie! It was amazing! The movie reminded me of my childhood when I used to stay on a bus by myself and my imagination was of course imagining the bus, it was dark, raining, foggy and had a big sign on it. The bus stopped, and the bus driver said something like, "Alright, let's get off now." I looked at the bus. It had a nice scenery and the wind was blowing.  The bus ride was beautiful. It's so interesting and makes you want to ask yourself, "What is the purpose of this magnificent film?"   I hope this movie makes a big impression on people. I have to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a fantastic and touching story about the bond between a mother and daughter and the bonds between a father and son. It is a real tearjerker, not for the mother alone but for the two people who were estranged, for a mother who has lost her husband and son, for an estranged father and his daughter.  The scene with the grandmother and the two children crying is one of many in which people are shown crying or crying. I remember the scene in which the grandmother is shown holding onto her daughter as they are in the hospital, in a small hospital with all the equipment, and the mother says, "It's my own fault I'm having this problem" and the grandmother says "I don't know what kind of problem I have".  I have always found this scene both touching and sad. I was shocked to find this touching and I found sad when the mother told the daughter what she had done and asked her to do, "If I hadn't taken your life, I would never have become a mother". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting movie, not just for its plot or acting.It is one of those great indy-art, but not too cheesy. The plot is unique and original, but the visual and musical score makes this movie a great movie.The characters are diverse and interesting, as are the three animals.  This movie does not look like a movie, but it can be considered as one of the masterpieces of the indy movie genre.The whole movie is great, the special effects are great, and the music is beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found this film to be very intriguing, visually stunning and wonderfully suspenseful. The music was beautiful, the actors great and I enjoyed the dialog. The plot was interesting and I'm not a big fan of horror/thriller films, but this was unique and a little too weird for my tastes. The film doesn't have the typical clichés that come to mind when you hear the title, "Stargate: Odyssey" (which also inspired the film) or "Aliens" (the title of the book "Stardust Memories") but it does have some similarities to both.  The actors did an excellent job and the film did a great job overall. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think you can really tell a story about the war, especially the war in the Pacific that has been compared to Pearl Harbour. The movie is set in the village of Hainan, one of the most populated cities in Asia. The war is so bad, especially in Haina, that some people have said it was the greatest war to the extent that it affected the population. There was no war, there was no death. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first of two films directed by John Goodman. He did another fine job with this one as well. The two are very different from the other two but they are in the same genre. The first one, The Money Pit, is a serious and serious movie about a group of high school kids who play the video game game "Final Fint" with their friends on a computer and have to play against each other. They are really playing Fint. The second is a silly little film that is light hearted and silly fun. The game is a parody of the "Boomerang" and the first film is a great spoof of that. If you liked the first one don't see this one. Its a fun movie for kids and parents alike. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first scene I remember watching this was on the TV in the UK in the early 1980's, and I was a teenager back then. It was so enchanting and it still haunts me today. It wasn't the first time I saw such lovely, but rather a film I'd never seen before.  This is not a film that should be missed, but it is an enjoyable movie that shouldn't be missed. I would recommend it to anyone who likes the kind of British films that are made with special effects and a great score. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first heard of this movie in the early 1990s, when it came out, and had to re-think my life and go to see it again. It was, without a doubt, the masterful masterpiece of the director Douglas Sirk, who makes the best of the silent era. In addition to the superb script, wonderful direction, brilliant music, great photography, fantastic photography, and great acting (particularly from Sirk and co-star Albert Finney), this is also the story of a man whose life has been a struggle for survival. The end is not as dramatic as one of Sirk's best films. It is a story about perseverance.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of the 20th century, and although not as well done as other "small budget" films, it was nevertheless well-made. The story was not a typical Hollywood story, and the fact that it is not "Hollywood" is due to the fact the story is set in a very serious manner, and as a result the actors are not given so much freedom of speech and expression. The film contains several dramatic scenes, some of which are a little longer than the others, so that the viewer can see the actors' faces, and even though the film is a very long film, it still manages to make a point of it in every scene.  The cast are good, with some notable exceptions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very fun, romantic and sometimes disturbing movie. It deals with feelings of loneliness, and the feelings of rejection that one feels when one is rejected by someone of one's own age or gender. It does not aim to replace the clichés of a sitcom, it is a romantic film. However, if one does not understand the premise of the movie, then the movie is not an ordinary love story, it will be hard to understand how a love story can take place.  The premise is simple. I have been watching this movie for about 10 years now.  In this movie, there are several examples of people who were in the same situation.    The main character in this movie was played by a very interesting character, who was not a typical Hollywood leading man. The main reason he was a successful movie star is that he had a great life and he made many important decisions in his life that people in Hollywood have a life to live with, and those decisions may not be the same.  Another main character was played very well, I did not know the details of his situation. The only reason I did was because he was the type of person who was so realistic. He was a very unhappy person, and his decisions in life were very serious and not just for show business reasons.  All in all, this is a great movie, and I hope it will get a chance to reach people in need of something to make them realize and feel a part of the world that is beyond them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the funniest movie I've ever seen. The first 15 minutes was hilarious, but by the great magic of Stan & Ollie, this was perfect. And so was the story line, which is not a big Hollywood blockbuster. The movie is funny and I wish there was more attention to the little things that make the movie so great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of the masterpieces of all time. I have seen it many times before and it still makes me sad to think of it now. I always wonder if it will not be played again. I will watch it again when it comes out.   It is not an ordinary romantic movie, as the title suggests, but a very interesting, suspenseful, disturbing, frightening movie. The film is made of scenes that take place in hospitals and psychiatric hospitals. I think this is one sick and twisted movie that I have never seen. I am not at all surprised by the violence, violence and scenes that come from the film. I guess I am just surprised by all the things that happen in hospitals, that they are all so sick and scared, and the people who are all around the hospital to protect and to love.  The director has chosen the cinematography and the settings very well, which is something you don't usually see in a film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Case of the Scorpion's Tail" is one of the masterpieces of Clive Owen. It's a little too long and predictable, but not as much as "The Secret of Keflan" but more masterpieces. It also features a great music score from the prolific John Raimi and the ever-fabulous "Dr. Seus" of Bernard Von Stern. "The Scorpion's tail" is a great movie for anyone interested in ancient Egyptian history. It features a cast of familiar actors: Robert Deniro, Stephen Rea, Anthony Hopkins, and Claire Danes.  The opening sequence, which is an excellent choice for a pre-title, is mesmerizing and it's also a good choice for an ending. It takes the viewer on a ride with the Egyptian Gods Ra and Kefl. The sequence features a magnificent scene of a man, his heart torn, and his pharaoh's head ripped open.   A great cast of characters make this movie a must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It's a romantic comedy about a man's love for his life and his desire for the life he once lived. A lot like I've been doing on this show for 2 years now, but this time around, the characters are actually a lot different. The two main characters are completely different, the situations and conversations are actually realistic, and it all makes sense! It's not a comedy like I am used to watching it on TV, it is a drama.  The other two characters have more depth to them and are a lot less harsh and hurtful. I've seen them on TV and it was not that bad. I would recommend this for any comedy lovers, but don't expect to be entertained. You will just laugh! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great movie. It is very funny, very well made and the acting is great as well. This movie isn't just a good comedy, but it is a fun one to watch and I hope one day I can get the chance to watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very much the master piece of the movie. Very well directed with great special effects, fantastic music, beautiful settings and great performances from all the actors. The story itself was unique in that it started out very believable. It was very well done, and it's a great film for anyone to see. It's not for everybody, I can't think of one person who would enjoy this movie, I would say I was surprised with how great it was!  I really enjoyed the ending. I guess you have to live your dreams and have dreams. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had the wonderful experience of watching this movie last night, it was a great movie with some great music, and some great acting and a great plot, but i enjoyed it as much as i could. i loved the scenes with the car being parked in the driveway, and the one where the car is at the beach, i loved all the scenes where the people are in the house and not in the car, and i loved that one most of the other scenes, but they were good, and very natural.   The car scene in the beginning of the movie was awesome, i mean i thought that was cool, i thought it was hilarious. i think it was really beautiful, the cars are cool, and it was very believable that they are driving that car at that speed, and going at that pace for that long, but it was fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film's opening scene was very exciting, as the story and the characters are so engaging and memorable. This film is a classic of the genre. A young girl and a man embark on a journey together. Together they are attacked by a strange and evil force. When the woman and the man become aware of their predicament, they take steps to protect themselves.  I loved this movie because of its emotional power, its portrayals of a modern girl who doesn't think she has the same feelings as the old woman, the modern man and the woman who attacked them.  The plot is similar to that of "The Wizard of Oz", which was also a very dark story.  "The Last Wave" is the story of the girl who comes to realize that her thoughts of leaving behind her mother are the same as her mother's thoughts of doing the same thing. It is an emotional journey that leaves a lasting impression on the viewer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple: a young girl, Claire, is engaged to an older man. He is a family friend, she is engaged in a relationship with a younger woman. The man's wife, an older woman, also in a long-term relationship, is also engaged. Claire is in love with this woman, and their conversation becomes more emotional as the weeks go by.  What happens next is completely believable, from the scene where Claire and her fiancé leave the relationship, and the end.  The film works beautifully, the story is realistic, and you don't get bored of the movie, because it keeps moving. The pace is fast, and everything happens fast, so you don`t feel rushed, and Claire does not feel boring. The director also shows Claire the life of a single parent, a single mother. She does have a life of her own, she can do things that she want to do, and not be forced to.  Claire is the main character, but she is the best character in the film, and she`s really strong and independent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a remake of the classic "The General", made into a feature film in 1952. The film features a superb cast including James Woods as the title character, the real-life version of a popular American author of science fiction who wrote the book. I don't think he would have agreed to take part in this magnificent remake of his book. It would have been a huge loss of his reputation.    The film is very dark and powerful. The movie is very realistic and so is the music.  I would rate the film a 10/10, but if you are interested in the movie, I would strongly urge you to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The two stories are about the relationship of a lonely old man and his wife, who have not met each other in more than 30 years, but who are now separated by a big, ugly old man.   The first story is a comedy about a lonely elderly man who finds love in a strange, old man he meets on the beach. The second story is about a couple of very old people who find love in the strangest form of their lives.  I laughed at the end of this movie and was amazed by it. A great movie, and I hope one day, we will find a way to get this movie in theaters. I wish I could recommend this movie to anyone, and it is a pity that we don't have the great comedy "Monty Python and the Holy Grail" that we have right now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I've never read anything about this movie before. It's amazing and quite original. A great cast of well recognized characters (including John Lithgow, John Lithgree, and Brian Cox) the plot is compelling. The story may seem to be set in the future. The cast is also well chosen. The acting is excellent, especially from John Lithkower who gives his best performance ever. The movie was directed well by Robert Redford and the cinematography master, Walter Pidgeon. I give this film a 7. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie about 5 years ago, and it still remains one of my favorite movies ever made. The only thing that bothered me about this movie was the "bad message" that it would try to tell. The ending really surprised me the most. It was very touching, and the movie kept moving and great performances from all the cast. I also loved the acting of the lead actress and the director. All in all, great movie and great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this as a pre-code movie and was really surprised. The main story is of two families: The one with three children, and the other with four children, both with four grandchildren (one in the main family has a son, one has a daughter and two is adopted by two parents), all living in a multi-family house. I was surprised to see how good the story was and how beautiful it was. The movie reminded me of the time of my youth. It was dark, and there were a lot of shadows. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the movie, I have to admit that I was not so amazed by the fact that it is a fantasy movie, made in the year 2005. It is a very impressive movie, and it is even a good one! It was so great, that I can watch it whenever I want, and I will do so. I will remember this movie forever, and i will watch it with all the emotions it has. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie and think it is a great example of a good film. In the end of the movie the main character is a hero and the story is great.  The acting is great and the great acting is amazing. Especially the great performances of the children and the actors who play the main roles. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a beautifully filmed and acted tale that deals with the relationship between a father and son and how it has been affected by modern living. The story takes place in a small Chinese village where the villagers are busy, preparing to celebrate the new year. However, when the new years begins, the father is haunted by a ghost and his son, a boy, is haunted as well. The movie is filled with eerie sounds and scenes and the actors seem perfectly cast for their roles. The characters are very believable and it makes me feel like I am there in the village and in the dark.  It has been said that the story is very old, but I don't agree with that, it was written very short and could be easily expanded. If you want to know more about the history of the two sons, you will need to look at the film's subtitles in the "English" menu. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining and original movie. It was directed with a good eye for detail and the direction is excellent.  I thought the acting was fine and also the direction was masterfully done. I have never seen a movie with such great acting and great style.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the masterpieces from the brilliant director of "The Eye" (1982). "Moonwalker" is a strange story that is about a girl, Claire (Lynne),"Moonwalker",'96) from the future, finds herself in the year 2260, living with a robot that could not possibly be the real one she was born. She is a runaway slave that lives in the underground, and her master, the great Dr. Anton (Wes Bentley),"Moonwalk",'04, is the mysterious Dr. Paul(Michael Douglas),"The Robot Jox" (1942) who can send her to the year 2380 to prevent her death. Claire escapes and goes to meet Dr.Paul and find a strange place called "The Shaft", a place where all the inhabitants are identical. Together, they try to find the hidden key that will unlock the door and free the robot.    "Moonwalk" is interesting and quite disturbing, and I think you will find it disturbing and confusing. The plot is very intriguing, but the actors do a good job and you will also find some strange characters that are totally weird. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to see a good romantic comedy, this is it. The chemistry between Goldie Hawn and Hawn's character is amazing, the whole movie is great. This movie is very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie blew me away. It's a wonderful, emotional, but touching and very well done film. The story is about a father (David Morse) that comes back from the dead, has a son and the two decide to see their son grow up and learn about life. They go to see the man (Dillon) that took care of them when they were kids and his family. It turns out that he has a daughter (Mancuso) that has to live her own life. He is a very emotional man and wants to be a father again. His daughter is his first love, and it's his decision to let her go.  The other two people are the two children that come back from being adopted by their parents and are now on their own. They all have different views about what's right and what isn't. David Morse is the man that has made up his own life, and has decided to follow his dreams. He can't go back to being a father, because he's been a man.    I like the story very much. It is a sad, tragic story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie for the people who like action flicks. It's full of action, it's full special effects and it's really well made. The movie has a lot of good action and a lot more than most people have seen in action flic movies. I give this film an excellent rating, and this movie is fun to watch. It is the perfect blend of genres. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was a young guy back in 1972 and I saw this movie when it first came out, my mom bought it for me. It was a great movie, it was very emotional, it made me think about the things I'd always wanted to do, and was it a hard movie to watch. It made me cry when the movie ended and my dad was there with me, he just shook his head, and said "OK, well, I'm gonna put this in my will".  So I don't know why I never saw this, it's one of my favorite movies of all time. It is not a soft movie, not a tear-jerker, but a great emotional roller-n-roll.  I would recommend this movie to anyone with a heart and a desire to learn. If you watch it, and you get the chance to see this movie, I suggest you see it, too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when it came out and it was a good one. The main theme of the movie is the love story between a divorced father and son.  A good movie for any movie lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't believe the movie was an amazing masterpiece, as it was a wonderful story.  The movie is a classic in the sense that it was very true to the original book.  It had an ending which was not at all different from the book. There were some surprises to the characters, but the movie is great fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The beginning of the film, set on the edge of a desolate New York City neighborhood, is quiet but ominous, the acting masterfully conveys a deep sadness and desperation for the homeless and disenfranchiles, the story is moving, and I can't wait to see how this story ends. This is a deeply pessimistic film, not about people who are depressed, but about people driven by a sense of hopelessness and helplessness. The acting is strong, the cinematography masterfully captures a mood of desperation and desperation, and the direction works brilliantly. The ending, which I will refrain from giving away, is hard to imagine, but I can guarantee that if you ask me, it will leave you with a sense not of sadness but of sadness and hopelessness. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It's a short 20 minutes film. There is no need to go into any of the other story lines because there is so much great acting and great story lines. The best part of the movie is the beautiful music. It is a mix of modern and traditional music with a touch of modern hip hop. I love this movie. It's an instant classic. It has some great acting by Arne Glimcher and has a great theme song with vocals by Justin Timberlake. It reminds me of The Sound of Music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this in the 70's on a local TV movie. It was just my typical 70's film with lots of good and not bad parts. It's a nice tale of a family and how they try to survive in the woods in a time when people were being persecuted and killed by the government. This movie is so true to it's roots and has the same message.  The cast includes: John McIntire, Michael Caine, Patricia Pepoire, Richard Dimitri, John Goodman, George Hilton, Connie Gilchrist, Mary Woronov, Robert Stack, Jack Klugman, Susan Hill and others.   I am a big fan of the film. I love the acting and the movie is a nice way to spend an hour. I think this is a very true story. It makes me want to feel what they are feeling. The movie is very honest. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Invisible Ray" is a charming film. A brilliant cast with a great script, great direction, beautiful photography, great music, and a wonderful story this film is one of the best movies I've ever seen. It was a great effort. A great cast. Great music. Beautiful scenery. Great settings. Great cinematography. Very impressive beautiful photography. A perfect film. Highly recommended. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love all the bad movies, especially when it's written by a real person. I've seen a lot of movies and am very tired of seeing them. This is the perfect film for anyone who's ever wanted to see a movie with great story, great directing, great acting, great music, great special effects, great beautiful beautiful cinematography. It also makes me want to see it again. I love the first 3 films, and this is the best. I want to be able to rent this beautiful movie. This movie is truly amazing. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of all the original Disney films and would like to add this to my list. This is one of those special characters that you would have to pay attention to because they were unique, although they were very different from the characters that we had become familiar with.  The characters in this film are actually all from different backgrounds and from different places around the world. The plot is so inspiring that you are drawn into the story and you end up being drawn into everything. I was surprised by the story, and the story itself, that it had taken so long to find this movie and I was thrilled to see the animation of "Tortilla Flat" on the screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, the title is a misnomer of "Saved By The Bell" and I was not trying to compare the movie's quality to "Saving Private Ryan" (which it actually was, I remember it was in the same movie).  Anyway, the movie is a fun ride, full of action and great dialog, and it is a very good movie for kids. If you're hoping for a kids movie, you'll be disappointed. It is a light, funny movie, with the kids acting in a believable way, and the sound is good, as the kids are very imaginative and creative, and use lots of colorful and interesting sounds. I liked the movie, and I think you'll like it too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first ever collaboration between Hitchcock and the Italian avant-garde director Roberto Tonino, a masterful and highly original avantgarde of surreal cinema (a subject of his great interest) was a rather austere and conventional one. It was the story of a young American girl, Hannah (Sylvia Sforza) is invited to join the prestigious and prestigious "Club des Arts" of Paris. The Club des Arts is the ultimate club, and all its members have a strange fascination with the Club des Art. This story is a strange one. Sforz is attracted to the strange and very strange club members and asks them to accompany her on a strange journey. She travels to the seaside town of Spero where her father works as a handyman. The inhabitants are all avant garde, and are all weird and weird individuals.  The film is surreal and very surreal, and is an absolute must-see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie was very enjoyable, and it was surprising how such a brilliant actor as Robert Downey Jr. could so convincingly portray the role of a doctor. He had a very distinct, slightly feral look about him and it really made me believe he was in the right place at the right time.  The script is brilliant, the performances great, and the direction brilliantly beautiful.  This is a short, but it is the perfect length. If you are too short you won't understand any of the plot and you will miss the movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film, 'Walking Tall', was a beautiful romantic and uplifting picture about the relationship of a mother and daughter living in a small village in Africa. The story in this movie is different, but it is still a very depressing one. I can only imagine the strong, but gentle acting, lovely settings, and great photography.  The acting is excellent, especially the wonderful Boesman. The songs are beautiful. The photography beautiful, but still not at the same time, as it is in no way the result of a large scale production. The cinematography brilliant, and there are some beautiful close ups and close ups of the animals.  All in all, an outstanding film. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was my first time seeing the movie and after I saw it I went to see my parents and saw the movie again. I thought it was awesome and I really did. I was so great. The movie is very touching and I don't think you would expect it to be that great if you are open minded and love animals. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves animals. It was the first time I saw the animal scene and I was amazed how great it was. I recommend this to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, the story of a family living in a village in the Pang brothers territory, it was important to know and understand the background of the two sons. The story is like a lot of other Asian movies, and this movie was made a lot like a movie from a Asian perspective. The cinematography was great and the story great.   The direction was very impressive and beautiful. The beautiful cinematography and beautiful cinematograpy made the movie great. The use of traditional Chinese music in the background, made the soundtrack of the movie more realistic, and also the use of hand gestures in the performances.  The story itself is very interesting. The main characters are very interesting, and the direction and cinematography made the whole movie more interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be great but i loved it and am looking to buy the original.  I am unsure what the other reviews are on this movie and I would have to agree with them. A great movie and one of the masterpieces from the silent era. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not sure how I came upon this movie when I first saw it in the cinema, and it still haunts me now that I'm living with it. This is a very romantic film, with a strong and sad ending. I love how it is made, and the acting is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the story is developed and presented makes it both compelling and believable. The film has strong points, especially regarding the relationship between a father and son, the two main protagonists, and the family of the two protagonists. The relationship between the two fathers and their sons is very strong and has some interesting points, and that is the film's main drawback. The plot is powerful and it develops well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time! I've seen the movie many times and even though I think the movie is not as good as "Whipped" it is not bad! "Whiplashed" is the perfect movie! I would like to thank all the people who worked on this master masterpiece and to recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie had a great story line. It told a story about the friendship of a couple of very successful movie lovers and their journey to find the meaning of life. They were not happy and they had lots of problems with each other. The main one being that they both had a very good life, one that was filled with problems and not happiness.   This is a good film. I hope to someday find it on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is my personal opinion that the story line for this movie is original.  The acting is masterfully nuanced and wonderfully natural. The direction brilliantly captures the feel of the plot without falling into the traps of clichés. The performances are also superb. The story and the characters are unique, each with their own distinct personalities. The best performance comes from the wonderful Alisan Porter. He has great chemistry with the other actors in the movie and he is also able to convey the different emotions of the main characters.  In conclusion, I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It has been said before that the reason I never went to see this movie is because I am such a huge Sam Raimi fan, so to speak. The reason I didn't see this is because it was a brilliant film, with a great cast. It really made me think, not only was this great movie, but also because it showed the life of a Muslim in the 20th century. In fact, the movie showed how they are still suffering from the effects of modern technology and that is what I am most concerned about in any movie. It showed the everyday life of an ordinary person in their daily lives, and how technology is affecting their lives. I am not sure if the movie was trying to show this, but I enjoyed the movie. I don't know, I am trying to find the movie now and I am glad that I found it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title of this movie may seem strange to some but I must say that I have never seen a movie with such great acting, wonderful beautiful settings, wonderful settings, brilliant settings, great settings and great cinematography. The story is one of the masterpieces of the century. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only problem I had with this is that it was very entertaining. The script master master wonderfully captures the essence of a film which is the story of a young woman trying to become a professional film critic. But the best film I have ever seen was The Piano Tuner, a superbly directed and beautifully filmed film with some great music. And the music in The Piano tuner is amazing. The music is wonderful and the acting masterfully conveys the story and his performances perfectly. I enjoyed this film and will surely enjoy another. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie many times on TV and I've always been in awe of it. However, I'm glad that they gave us such wonderful characters to inhabit and appreciate. The script master wonderfully crafted a story that was able to present the many nuances of the relationship between a divorced husband and a divorced wife. This movie isn't about the characters that we would come to care about in real life, but the relationship that exists between the characters in the movie and the real person that they live with.  In conclusion, I'd say that this movie isn'nt as dark as some have said. It's an enjoyable story, and I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this film, it is a real emotional thriller, and I feel it has the potential to be a great film. I am very excited to see the movie in the cinema, but would love to see it in a real way.  It is so emotional, that I wanted to cry and was happy, and the scene where the doctor tells us about the loss of the daughter was the saddest moment I have ever seen in a movie. The director has put great effort into it and I can honestly say I was shocked, and that's something I should not see in a film, ever.  The acting is great, the cinematography masterfully created and beautifully photographed, the beautiful scenery, and beautiful locations.   I am a huge fan of Michael Haneke, and he really shows his talents in this movie. His characters in the movie, and all his films have a very human touch to them. I felt for them when I was back in Germany after the reunification, and was very angry at the treatment of his country and people, and it is very sad to see this happen to another country, as I was angry and sad.  Overall, great film, and a good film to watch if you don't want to cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie that I saw with my parents when I was a child (9-18-83) and I saw it again on Turner last night. I have seen it a few times and I don't see the connection.  It seems to me that this film is a nice, happy, and honest film, but I am glad I didn't pay for it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well made film which features some superb music and great acting. The movie was made in 1974 and features some of the finest musical performances ever and the plot is very good and the acting is very great and this movie is probably the masterful masterpiece. It is not as boring as many of the musicals I've seen and although it was an odd movie with its plot and some songs. It still isn't as dumb as "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes" and that was certainly something I was going for, I liked the movie and like many of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very intense and beautiful piece of work from director Jan De Bont. It features a good story and a superb cast, including the usually reliable Gerard Depardieu and the normally dependable Gerard Philippe. I found the movie to be deeply moving, and while it is a movie about an old man trying to find his lost sister, it is still very strange to watch a movie where the old man is an old woman, trying to connect with his lost daughter. The movie may be slow, and perhaps even predictable, but is very powerful and moving, which I would recommend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a story of three brothers, all of whom seem to have lived their whole lives in peace, with their parents, and their mother, in a tiny little town. The only thing that has been destroyed is a small stone that fell from the sky and killed all three brothers.   The movie is a great adventure for anyone who loves adventure movies, and it is quite possibly the perfect film for such a story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and easy game that is just as fun as Tetris, and is about the same difficulty level as Tetromino. Tetrominos, however, is much more complicated and more difficult than Tetris and is probably the best. I have played Tetromin for around a year and it still remains easy to beat. I find it quite difficult to explain why it is so hard to beat as opposed to being easy to win.  The basic idea of Tetromins is that a block of four blocks are arranged in a row and a person who tries to get the last one to fall into a pit loses three or four of their pieces in the process. Each time a Tetrominite falls into the pit, the game becomes harder to beat because of the extra pieces. The last time a piece falls in, a person is unable to move and they have to try to get it back out again. In the meantime, there are lots of great traps, such as when a person falls into a hole and is unable of moving because the piece is so small. However, the person who got the piece first is still the victor and Tetromine is no different. The pieces are just different colors, and there are many different colors in the Tetromini. The one in the beginning was red, the one at the end was green and the one in middle was yellow. The end, on the other hand, was black and white, and this is not the same as the other two.  However, as in Tetromnin, the main gameplay in Tetriminos is falling in the pit and trying to beat the other players. There are other games in Tetris that are similar to Tetrimino. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, let me say that I have been reading about this movie on the internet for over 20 years. So far I have had the most wonderful reaction to it of any movie I have ever seen. I have always been a very big fan of Jack Frost from "The Frosty Mountain Romance", and the movie is no exception. I think it was a great story, and the songs played at the beginning and the end of the movie were a little too long. So, if anyone thinks that the movie was a little rushed or that the ending was a bit of a let down, I would agree with them.  I would like to point out that, for those who do not understand Jack Frost, the story is a love story.  So, there you are. 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who has struggled with her feelings about her own feelings about this movie I found this movie to be a strong film. The script has great nuances that I don't see often in films. The way the acting is great. The plot has great insights into the mind of a woman who is struggling to find her own voice. The directing is brilliant. The camera works beautifully in all its angles. The music is beautiful. The film is beautiful to look at. The sound is great, the beautiful and haunting. The best part is that I felt I was so engrossed by the movie and by this movie that I did not even know what was going on. I had great insights. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, I must say that although I didn't see this when I was 15, I did recognize its influence. It's an early film in the history of the European cinema.  The cinematography is a big topic. We have a cinematographic interpretation of the life of the artist, and of the artistic expression.   The direction is good, and the cinematography, especially the score, is masterfully chosen and directed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time that I was able to see the work of the talented Dan Jansen. It is a very interesting film with good acting, stunning scenery, great use of the colors, and good use of computer graphics. The actors are good especially the lead actress Daniella Delpy. Her performance is a wonderful one, and she is so beautiful in the eyes of the beholder.  I really like Delpy as a woman, but the best performance of her character in the history of the world. Delpy was a very beautiful lady and was surrounded by great men who had very much to do with her.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the wonderful tale of a young woman, her husband and their struggles. It starts with the man who brings home a beautiful woman for tea and invites the couple to have a good conversation.  The film has some great moments. It was filmed in the early 70's and is very grainy and grainy. The film is grainy because it has a lot of grainy moments and the graininess makes the picture seem even more authentic.   This film also has some very good scenes. The plot is simple, very honest and very believable. The cast is also very good. It seems that this is the standard by which all films are judged. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film for anyone who loves a good film, not for those who like to look for a masterpiece of art, but for those interested in watching a great story. This film, though it is a love story, isn't a bad film. It's more than just entertainment, it's about love, but the acting is great, the cinematography master brilliant and I enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie, and I'm always looking for a good story, so I'll give it a shot.  The movie is set in an old-time Chinese village, but I thought the script and story move briskly and efficiently, and that helps a lot.  A few of the scenes had me in tears, and so did the acting, which is so natural, beautiful and touching.   The music, especially the ambient score, is stunning.  I've seen some great movies, and this is one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I don't think that this film was well-made, but it was masterfully masterfully beautiful and beautiful. The plot was intriguing and the characters interesting and I thought that it reflected well the emotions of the characters. The music was beautiful and the cinematography brilliant, especially the cinematographic part. The ending was great and I have to say that I can't think of anything more to say about it. I think this is an excellent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I really loved this movie. It was very entertaining and I recommend it to any movie lovers. It is a very beautiful movie and it is very, very sad. This is one of those movies that I think you would be surprised to see. It made me cry and that is a reason to rate it. I love watching movies that make you cry and I loved this one. I think that you will agree with me when I say that it was a very moving story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is the story. This movie has great acting, great direction, great beautiful cinematography and beautiful music. The beautiful cinematographic background is used, the actors beautifully choreographed, the music is great, the costumes beautiful and the magnificent cinematography stunning. I liked the story, the characters and the music, especially the music that was used for the backgrounds of the main characters, they were very beautiful and expressive and there was great music.  I enjoyed the beautiful cinematism and the fantastic scenics, all of them, I liked them all very much.    I also enjoyed the special effects, specially for the fight sequences, the best one I've seen. I felt that there was some special effects in the movie, but they used very good eye movement and great timing, specially the eye movement, but I've been waiting for it. The best one was probably the last fight scene. It was so intense and beautiful that I have seen it so many times, that it made me sad, happy and angry. The movie is full of emotions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of the best movies I have ever seen in my life.  It starts with a bang bang bang and a lot of explosions, including the one at the beginning of the movie. The movie follows the life of the survivors of a small Indian town. They are forced to fend for themselves against all odds. This movie has some great explosions and some great acting. The film is well directed and beautiful cinematography. It has a good plot and a great cast.  One thing that i would like to see is if they made the movie again. The plot was awesome. The story is awesome. A good movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a fascinating and sad one. I don't understand why people don't like it. They don't even like the way it is filmed. The film is full of haunting images, full of pain and sadness. It seems that this film was made because people really needed it.   The acting in the film is stunning. It is superb.  The movie is also full of incredible beauty and beautiful cinematography.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to experience what life is like on a farm. It was the first time I have seen this kind of beauty on film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a lot of bad movies and this one stands out in my mind. It is awesome brilliant! I'm glad I saw it and enjoyed it. I hope the next movie will be as amazing as this one. The beauty of this movie is that it is so beautifully done. The best scene in the movie is when the two lovers are playing the flute. The music is great and it is great that the story is so beautiful. I love the story, the story line and the actors. The movie is amazing beautiful. It's a great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It's rare to see a great movie from the BBC. They usually only release a few films, and then, on a regular basis, a few of them go off to Hollywood to be made. This was one of the masterpieces. They're unique and exciting. They make you feel like they're in on something. I was really surprised at just how creative and beautiful the BBC can be. It was wonderful, beautiful, and the best I've ever seen. I think I can never get over the emotion of the characters and the beautiful and beautiful settings.   I loved it, I was mad at it, and I'll be mad at anyone for not caring about it. I'd recommend this for anyone. It's got loads of good humor and great characters. The acting is great, especially from all the main characters. I'm still mad at them. I've never seen such great characters and characters from the whole series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very enjoyable movie with a good plot and good acting.  The story is set in an island off the coast of Scotland and the two main characters are a pair of siblings, Charlie (Danny White) and Susan (Lisa Gilbert) who are married and have been separated for 15 years. Charlie is living alone on a small island off Scotland and Susan has moved in with her new husband. She has a new lover called Ben (Craig Sheffer) and she tries to get him to join her in a lesbian relationship.  This movie is so touching, that it has made me angry at the thought of it. I felt so angry that I was unable to watch it until the end, but I wish I could.  If you like the stories of the two protagonists and are open minded, then you will not like this movie. However if you want to enjoy the movie then I would strongly advise you not to watch this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Wave" was a magnificent last film of the director, John Barry's "Somewhere In Time".It was a touching,but sad,love story about the relationship between Barry Singer (Mancuso) and his son,Barry Singer (Jackman).The story begins in a small mining town in the Deep South,where the miners have been forced underground by the tail end of the 19th century,the townspeople have seen the townspeans destroyed by giant coal mines,but now there's a new threat that could wipe out their town,if it weren't for Barry Singer's "The Ghost In The Machine", the "The Mother" would never have become a true ghost.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've read several books on this subject, but I was very happy with the result. In this, I've always been a huge fan of the Lord of the Rings series and even though I thought they were very good at times, I never felt like they were as bad as the other films.  The special effects were brilliant, especially the battle scenes where the army was defeated, and also some of the special effects where they could do things with their mind.  Of course, this is a real world movie and it was a real movie, with a real people involved. However, I thought it was very good and I loved it. The special effect was superb and in some places, the effects were really very good, but in others, they were simply brilliant.  I'd definitely recommend this to anyone who hasn't seen the movie yet, but if you like me, don't read the book beforehand. It was a very enjoyable film, and I wouldn't be surprised if I were to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great way to introduce children to the wonders of the universe, without having to explain them at all. It is a very interesting movie that I hope will keep children entertained for as long as possible, by providing a humorous way for them to learn about the wonders and mysteries of the world around them. It will probably be a kids movie for parents only, but for those of you that think that this movie is too silly and over-the-top for kids, I would strongly encourage you to watch it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best romantic anime I've ever seen is...  A few words to introduce the plot - it's one of those you might actually like if you liked romantic anime. This was a very touching story of the relationship between Sho (a young Japanese girl) and Sogo (a boy in his mid-twenties). It was also the beginning of Sho's journey of self discovery.  The story is a little like one of the many I've seen, but it's nothing to compare to.  However, the main characters in this anime (Sogo and Sho) are cute and their personalities are different from each other (the main character is cute, the other is a very pessimistic guy, but the rest is lovable and optimistic). There's also the girl (Danae) who seems to be a little offbeat, but doesn't fit the mold. I also like the plot line, which makes it clear that there are some mysterious, unseen forces in the world and they must be destroyed. It makes the final episode even more clear that the main hero must face these forces head on. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only flaw I found in this movie is that it didn't go in a straight line. I really enjoyed the way that the story moved. This is a great story that people will want to tell their friends and family about. It will also make you mad for the next movie. I have seen all the movies and am sick of them all. The best movie is the one that I wish I had seen. It made me laugh and make me mad all at the same time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was a very happy guy after watching this movie. It made me feel happy and sad at the same time. It was very touching. It showed a lot of the pain that life can cause.  The movie showed that there are people out there that are out there and are going through the same emotions and situations as us everyday people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces from director Albert Pyun is a very powerful and surprising story. It is set in the post-apocalyptic world of a city. The movie is populated by the survivors of the disaster, a mix of humans and mutated animals. The survivors live underground, or at the very least underground. A group of these survivors has taken a new name: the "Green Death." They live in fear of the mysterious Green Death that is slowly rising. There is a strong suggestion in the movie that the mysterious and deadly Green Death may be spreading across the city, and that it will only be killed by the military and the military will not be able to stop the deadly spread of this mysterious disease. It really is a terrifying tale, with stunning images of the people and the city and the various underground facilities. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I really loved this film. It was so beautiful and it made me laugh and it makes me angry. I saw this film when it was released and I still have nightmares of the nightmares.  The first nightmare I had ever had is when I was little and my mum used to have nightmares and she used to haunt the house when she was out with friends. It is not the best horror film ever. It could be better. I am so glad that they made it. I want my 10 days DVD and my 10/10. This is brilliant. 10 beautiful children and a great cast for this beautiful film. 9/10 to me. I have loved every one of them. I wish that they make more movies. This film is amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen all of the "Night List" movies and I must say this one is great, the acting is great and the best of all the story works wonderfully together.  A great movie with lots of suspense and great acting, a great story and great music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big Richard Brooks fan, but I find this a very fascinating and beautiful movie. This is a no-nonsense, realistic, and full of surprises. This movie is full of great performances by Richard Brooks and it's a true story, without a doubt.  A must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a fan of Lordi for over a decade now and this is the film he made in 2002, which I've seen to this day, with the title Lordi - The Great Game. I can't remember a film with this great title and this movie is his first big action adventure, but I can remember Lordi being a good actor in this film.  Now the plot has been explained, and in the same way, I hope it gets clearer, as I'm sure he has a lot to say to those who read this review, but if there are any out there, I would love to hear from them.  As to the rest, well, it is a good film, and I hope Lordi will do another movie with this title.   Overall, great entertainment, especially for those who don't know any details about the movie, but still have a good idea about the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an inspirational tale about one of the many people who have made their mark on the world in the 20th century, as well as the events that surrounded the world's greatest disaster, which was the Great Depression.   I find myself in the company of several of my friends who have seen this movie. I don't understand their attraction to the story, as they seem to find it very depressing, and at times they are unable to sleep because of the sheer misery of the people in the movie.  My wife has seen the movie and she's so sad that she cried out to me for support. I'm glad that someone had the courage to come on here and tell the whole truth, as I don'nt know how many people have had to live through the disaster. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid I used to watch "My Favorite Martian" on TV and every once in a while I would hear my parents discuss it. It was the first show I ever saw on TV. It is the one show that actually made me want to watch it. But it still remains one of the masterpieces in that genre.  It is so funny that I was scared to death when I watched it for the first time, and I am still scared to this day.  I recommend this show to any and every person. I hope that this show gets enough popularity that it will be cancelled and then never be re-aired, because I know that this is what shows like this need. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning of the movie the main character is shown in the train station and gets harassed by a group of armed soldiers. He is attacked and has his wallet stolen.  The movie is based on the actual events of the 9-11 tragedy.  There are some beautiful shots of the WTC complex and the Pentagon.  Overall, a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I found this movie to be one masterfully crafted movie. It was very emotional, and it was touching, and I felt that it was a very powerful movie. The scenes were beautifully shot, and the acting was masterfully chosen to suit the emotions of the story.  This is a movie that everyone should see. It is a very strong, emotional movie. I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am not going to give anything away but i love this movie and the acting is great. I also love that the movie is very emotional in some parts and at times i felt like i was almost crying with the movie. So if you are a movie person, you will like this movie. If you are an action person, like me, you won't. If there is something wrong with this movie, i am sorry to say, and i hope one day there will be a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is very good but I am a big Ramones fan since my parents are both deceased. But, it is the greatest movie of all time. The song "The Ramones Are Rockin' Out" is so much in my opinion that it should be on everyones CD collection. My favorite song is "The Good, the Bad, and the Ramones". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was a teenager, and I saw it again at age 21. I had forgotten about it in the intervening years, and remembered seeing it again in a friend's video. Now I am 26 years old and haven't seen it since. The film is now on video. It has aged very well.    It's a hard-to-find film, and if you're looking for a film about war, this is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this movie on the 10th anniversary of "Gloria's List" - and was stunned by it. I was surprised by the acting, and enjoyed the beautiful and striking cinematography, beautiful costumes, wonderful locations, beautiful music, and great performances from the three main stars: Olympia Dukakis, Sam Neill, and the lovely Vivian Blaine. And I have seen many movies that I didn't like. The only ones that I liked were "The Rainmaker" and "The Great Santini" - both are quite similar - but they are different.   "Glyph" is similar to "The Woman In The Mirror", with a similar story - the story is about a man who is having trouble with his life, and a woman (Olympia Dukos) who is his best friend. "Gym", on the other hand, is more about the beautiful music. It is quite boring, with great cinematography. It's the movie that you could enjoy watching every day if you don't want to be surprised. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Possible spoiler" is a great film. I loved the movie and felt like I got the experience of watching it for the first time. The acting is great, especially from all the cast members. The music is great especially from the lovely Jobe and the beautiful Toni Collette. I found the story to be compelling and I hope everyone else finds the movie to be engaging. I would like to thank everyone involved in making this brilliant film. It is truly worth seeking out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I think the movie was wonderful and unique. I loved it and hope that everyone else did as well. I am a HUGE Disney fan, but this movie was amazing and I enjoyed every second of it. It is a must see! Disney has created so many great movies in their time, this one is in my opinion, their best movie ever! I think everyone should see it, or at least the sequel is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The Wooden Horse" is the story of the young master and the beautiful Colm, a story about the life of the animals he brought to life through his magic. This film is a perfect blend of animals and human behavior. It contains scenes of the horses interacting with the human beings, both animals and people. Colm's use of animals to help heal and care for sick and injured animals was amazing and quite disturbing.  "Carmichael" was the best film, but "The Horse" takes the cake. Brilliant, well-directed, and filled with some great use of special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode of the original show was very interesting as an example of how the show would have evolved had the network had it been around back then. The network ran episodes that would air over the next few months that would have gone as far as the network could, and they were great shows that ran on ABC. The next week the network ran an episode that took a very hard look at the concept and ran it to its limits. This episode was so great, and the concept was genius and brilliantly presented. It took a hard look into the concept of a network show, and found that it was very much like the show itself. The concept was brilliant, and while there were many different shows, there was something missing that had the show become the greatest of all time.  The episodes of the show were great, especially the first one. While the network was experimenting with the concept, they were still finding ways to bring the concept to life.  My final review for the show, which was very well done, has to be the best. I give this show 10/10, and hope that one day that this show comes back. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is about a young woman, Anna (Isabella Rosselini), who meets a mysterious woman, Eustache (Penny), and becomes engaged. The two soon become engaged and find themselves falling in love and being drawn into each other's dreams.  The dream sequence is very powerful, so the film's intensity is hard to describe, but the most intense moments are in the beginning and the middle of the movie. The plot is very beautiful and the dream sequences very disturbing and creepy. This movie was made in 1993, and it was directed by Fabrizio Fulci. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this when it first came out, I think. I had the feeling of being let down by this great film, but it wasn't that I didn't know it, I was just able to enjoy it. The movie blew me away. The story is really touching and interesting, and the characters are very interesting and likable, but I think I could have written a great screenplay for the movie if I'd stayed and watched it again! But I enjoyed it, and I think the whole audience did as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was looking forward to seeing this movie again and was pleasantly surprised. The movie is a very good and funny movie. I don't understand why I don.t remember this movie at all.I love all the action scenes. The acting is great and i liked the character of Moustafa. The ending was amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only reason I can come up with to explain this masterful masterpiece is because I am a big B movie buff. I love all the different movies that this one has to offer.  This is one of the masterpieces that you could call a masterpiece. I loved "Whipped" for this one and am glad that they gave that movie to me.   I have to say that this movie is amazing and that makes me happy to have seen this master masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it is a very good movie. The acting is great especially the performances by the two leads. The movie is great fun to watch.  The only bad part is when the song 'Kon Tiki' comes on, when the kids get together, they play the Tiki game and the dad has to hit 'tiki' with a stick to make the stick come back to life again. This is a great song and this movie will make you want to get out and get a good drink. If you like it, you will love this movie, If you do not, then don't watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen the "Hollywood movies" since my late 20s, and all I can say is that I don't see much anymore.   This is a film that isn't simply "The Shop Around the Corner," but is very creative, very well-made and well-acted. It was an indie film in the sense that it wasn't made by a studio (I would never know if this was a B or a C film), and in that sense it didn't have a budget to work with. It's also quite sad to see that such brilliant people as David Hasselhoff and Alisan Porter were in it.  In addition to the wonderful acting by David Haslehoff and the beautiful cinematography, this film has many of the elements that are staples of every Hollywood film, including the famous chase scene where the car chase begins in the desert and runs all the way to the finish, the beautiful scenery, and a beautiful soundtrack.  One particular highlight in the film is the beautiful photography of the Indian burial ground and the gorgeous and romantic music. In fact, the soundtrack sounds quite like that of another Hollywood film.  The film also contains a rather bizarre story about how the Indian people are living and their treatment by the white man.  If I ever get the chance to see this film again, I would strongly urge people to see it. If I can, I will go. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a very interesting one. It focuses on a small, simple and peaceful community and their lives as the result of the encroaching white settlement and its effect on them. The film does not delve into details but I felt like I could tell the story in a general way. The acting is excellent and the script brilliant. The beautiful shots and the fantastic landscapes are breathtaking. The characters are engaging and I was impressed with the acting and the beautiful scenery and beautiful settings. The movie is interesting and a great film for people interested in living in a totally different world and the idea of the community in general. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge Drew Barrymore fan. I was always in love with her when she came on stage with her great voice, and she was always hot. I think that she was the greatest Drew, and I have seen every movie she has made. She really has great talent, and some of the best movies I have ever seen, and this is a great movie. It has a great plot, and the best acting ever, and it is really not bad, but it is great. Drew Barrymores is a very hot girl, but this is her movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the touching, poignant story of two lonely souls who meet through a mutual friend, and fall in love.  The plot is simple, but it is very poignant. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the movie and I loved how great the movie was. This movie is a true story of real people, it's a real movie, but it is so realistic, I wanted to see the movie again. I really like the acting. It is good, and it really is a movie that we could all relate to. It was so real and so real, that it made me feel for the characters. It showed that people can be so stupid and that there are so many different types of people in the world, and this is true with this movie.  I think this movie should be seen more than once. I was not surprised by it, the whole movie was great, and I hope they make more movies like this one, this movie will inspire people to live a life full of love and kindness. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this movie! My husband, my oldest son, and I enjoy it. We just all got freaked out by the great acting by all involved, good filming, great music, great special effects, great great settings, great use of color and great settings. Great use of all the settings, amazing beauty and great use! Wow great great movie! Wow amazing! Wow brilliant masterful movie! Great movie!! Great movie and great movie. Wow great movie!! Wow brilliant! Wow master masterfully beautiful. I loved it! I wish there was more special effect. Wow amazing beauty! Wow stunning great special effect! Wow beautiful great use. Wow beautiful beautiful beautiful great masterful settings! Wow wonderful master master beautifully masterfully done settings! Wonderful movie! Incredible masterfully great movie and stunning beautiful settings. Wow brilliant great movie settings. Fantastic great beautiful movie! Brilliant beautiful masterful beautiful great great amazing beautiful stunning great master great great master brilliantly beautiful amazing master wonderfully master beautifully great master beautifully amazing beautiful settings, brilliantly beautiful beautiful settings master beautifully stunning beautiful master brilliantly stunning settings master brilliantly great settings master wonderfully beautiful settings and beautifully beautiful settings brilliantly master wonderfully great settings beautifully master beautifully beautiful beautiful and beautiful settings beautifully and master beautifully captured settings master master master brilliantly master beautifully and beautifully captured beauty brilliantly masterfully captured beauty beautifully master wonderfully captured beauty masterfully masterfully. Beautiful, beautiful masterfully amazing master beautifully crafted beautiful and masterfully cast beautifully beautiful and brilliantly masterful special master beautifully cast beautifully cast masterfully stunning beautiful beauty master beautifully played wonderfully and masterful stunning and master wonderfully played brilliantly the characters beautifully and brilliantly. Beautiful masterful master master wonderfully done master beautifully brilliant and brilliantly cast brilliantly, masterfully crafted masterfully beautifully beautiful, master wonderfully, master beautifully. Beautiful and beautiful master wonderfully and beautifully, master brilliantly. Amazing beautiful beautiful master beautifully beautifully crafted master beautifully, beautifully masterful cinematically masterfully, beautifully, wonderfully masterfully photographed beautifully, brilliantly captured beautifully and wonderfully mastercrafted beautifully masterly, brilliantly photographed beautifully and superbly. Brilliant masterfully written masterfully and masterworks brilliantly master, brilliantly, brilliantly brilliantly. Perfectly masterfully created masterfully the magnificent and beautiful and breathtaking masterfully made masterfully wonderfully, beautifully and amazingly masterfully magnificent masterfully gorgeous. Beautifully beautiful and beautifully made masterly beautiful masterly masterpieces brilliantly crafted masterily, brilliantly and beautifully masterily masterfully in brilliant masterfully lovely settings masterfully filmed beautifully and well done. I love the way the movie was filmed masterfully with
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story has been told to me many times, but this was the master piece of writing for me. It was very inspiring and I hope that my future endeavors will follow this one line script. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good documentary about the early days of the United States. In the early years, the State was split into two branches: the north-east and the south-east. While the northern region was known as the "Red South", the south was known for its more urban and wealthier nature. In this documentary, it's the story of one family's pursuit of upward mobility and upwardly mobile family living. The story is narrated by Alonzo, the son of one of the original founders of the modern American family, a man who has never lived in a city or on a farm or been a farmer, but has only ever lived in an apartment, a warehouse, or a high-rise. The documentary explores the life of Alonzos, his family's struggles to make something of themselves and his struggle with his own family. The filmmaker also shows the family's struggle to live the American dream and their dreams for the future.  This movie does not glorify the accomplishments of the "Old South", but instead, shows the struggles of ordinary people who are poor and poor, in this film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, I'd like to say that I'd seen the movie over 30 times and still have nightmares about it. The movie is beautifully directed, and I have nightmares. It seems that most people don't even realize the horror aspect of the movie, and this is due to the great performances by all the cast. This is the best movie ever made. It has a great plot, good actors, great direction, great cast chemistry, great performances, great music, great special effects, great beautiful locations and great special FX. I'd recommend this movie to anyone who is scared by movies, or anyone who wants to see a great movie, or just to see some great horror movie, it will make them scared again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been on my "must see" list for years, so I decided to revisit it. I didn't get any pleasure out of it, but I was surprised by how beautiful and beautiful it was. The characters are unique, but their personalities and lives are so vivid and natural, that you will be able to relate to them easily. This movie is a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a huge fan of the movie, it was very original, and very entertaining. It was very scary and it scared me, it's not for the weak-hearted people, but the brave ones.  The story was very good, and the cast was excellent. The acting was great masterfully, and I enjoyed the beautiful landscapes, and all the animals. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little surprised at the performances of some of my favorite actors. The movie is well acted and masterfully directed with great attention to detail. The scenes with the most intense intensity are the ones that most closely represent the life of the poor and oppressed in the world today.  The story is about a young girl who works in the sweatshop district of the slums and has to fend off an assortment of hoods and punks from all around. This film is in no way reminiscent of any other film, but it is definitely not devoid of similarities. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great movie. It is not like a great action film, but it is a fantastic movie. The movie is well done in all aspects, and I recommend it to any fan of Jackie Chan or of the greats of the film. If you want to see a great, action movie, this is one of the best movies. It will be available for DVD on the year of 2002. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite episodes was when they were talking about the best of the human body, and how we need to understand it. The whole show was awesome and I would recommend it to anyone.  This episode, however, was a little too long, so I didn't like it very much. I did however, like the ending of this show, so my rating would be a little higher.  I also think this show was a very funny show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very emotional movie. It's full of great acting, beautiful scenery and great performances. The story is quite emotional. It was very powerful and it is very believable.  The movie is a perfect masterpiece. It is very emotional and very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an intense, visually stunning, and emotionally fulfilling drama. The actors portray the most tragic of situations, from childhood to illness. I personally found the actors' emotional expressions both disturbing and inspirational. I am not a fan of movies that end with an ending, but this one is quite shocking. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a perfect choice for a film class at SUNY Geneseo's film school. The plot was intriguing and the characters interesting and so I decided to watch it! I thought it was wonderful and funny. I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in making a film about animals or nature, and I would also like to recommend it for anyone who wants to see the relationship of an older animal to a younger animal! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of those special indy movies. The acting is great and great the story masterfully developed. The cinematography master masterworks brilliantly, especially in the scenes with the characters and the cinematography works beautifully. The music works wonderfully and in some parts of the movie works as it should be. The soundtrack is great, especially the haunting melodies by Olivier and Floriane. I also like the soundtrack used in this movie and the great music that is used in many other indy indy films. I love the ending. The director has done a great job and I recommend this movie to anyone who likes movies like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie "Scoop" is very original and a great comedy with very good cast. The plot is interesting, the film is full of humor, and the main characters are good actors. The story is not typical, and not for everyone, and it could be the best movie ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this film. It had a nice plot and was well directed with great cinematography and great cinematographic settings. The story is a little similar to the plot of "The Great Santini" but the story is different and in a similar style. I liked the movie in "The Sixties" a lot, I like this one a lot and I think this movie is more realistic than that movie. I like the story a lot but I think the plot is pretty similar, it is about a family, it has a lot of problems, I guess, but it is not like "The Last Picture" where everything is perfect and everything works out well. The movie is a bit of a story and I am glad I didn't pay attention to it in the end, it wasn't a big story and that was the best thing I've seen.   Overall I think "The Santini is a good little indie film" with good cinematography, good cinematography and great settings. It's an interesting movie and it deserves more credit than it has been given, I don't think this is the best film, I am pretty happy with it and I'm glad I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Suspicious Minds" is a fascinating film. It is not really a thriller, but it is a film about the life and the lives of a handful of women who are targeted by a sociopath who is bent on killing them off.  The film features a chilling opening, and it has a chilling ending, and the ending is chilling as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Dangerous Planet" was one of the great science fiction thrillers, and the movie is probably the best of all. The basic plot is a simple one. A spaceship carrying a scientist and a girl arrive on the planet and find that there is a large, circular disk on the side of the planet. The scientist then makes contact with the girl and she tells him the planet is a deadly place.  The film is so exciting that I had to fast forward through some parts to keep up with the action. I love the plot and the basic story of the film. The special effects are great, and I enjoyed the movie, which was enjoyable enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a very good, but the cast is very good and the film itself is very funny. The song which is played when the main character gets fired from his job is a song from one of the great British artists, who also wrote the story. It is also a tribute to the late great director, Sam Peckinpah. I am always very interested in watching Peckinpoah's work, and he did not disappoint in this film. The film has a very simple, very British and very easy to understand message. All the songs are well written and well sung, the characters all come across as real and sincere. In conclusion, if you enjoy British humour, this film is definitely not for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very happy with this film and I am so glad I rented it! The first scenes were great, and the last scenes were good, but I loved the end of it! It was great, so I hope that there are more coming up. I will keep a watch for now, but will give the DVD a try! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I enjoyed this movie a lot - I had to watch it at least once. The first time i saw it was at the 2002 Palm Springs International Film Festival - a few days ago. The other day I watched it again - just to appreciate the atmosphere.  The story - I won't spoil - is about a guy who rents a flat for his parents - his life changes after a childhood incident in which he has nightmares about the past and a life-changing event occurs in his life.  There are lots of surreal scenes, and also some disturbing scenes, so you can get a sense of what's happening - which is what i wanted!  The direction is brilliant and the movie is filled with moodiness and creepy images. The ending is a bit long, so it may not be the best movie for you - you have to see it for yourself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the great film to watch when I was a kid and it still remains in my memory.  The story line for this film is a little too much like a modern day kid's story line. I would love to see a sequel where he can see the magic.  I love that they changed the names and the actors. This was not so much of a change in the movie when I first saw it and I think I was 7 or 8 at the time.  This is a good film and I would like to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to go and see this film at a screening in Hollywood in Los Angeles this year. The story was touching, and the acting was great, especially from the two leads. I wish they had stayed together, and we would have had a wonderful film.  This film shows us that we can be lonely, sad, and afraid at any time, no matter what the circumstances are, and that there is always hope.   It is an indie film, and if you want to see it, do so, you will know the drill. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful documentary that should be watched by anyone. The first episode, which is more a piece of history than a documentary, was shot on a very tight budget. The editing and presentation is masterfully done, the use of light and dark cinematography masterfully captures the mood and essence of the show. I found the episode to be very emotional, not because of the characters, but because of how the scenes are edited to fit with the current storyline and what it feels like to be a fan of the entire show. The second episode, however, was very powerful. It tells of the story of the trials and tribulations of one particular group of women in the sport of triathlon. The viewer is able to see the whole story from the women's point of view. The director also used the camera well, capturing the audience's emotions and heartaches as they dealt with the trials, as well as their pain during the finals.  I found that this episode to also be powerful, and in the end I felt it was not about the trials at all. It was about the lives of the women who went through the trials with a positive view. I recommend this episode. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As a writer, I am fascinated by the different ways in which movies and the screen are created. And I have to say that this is a wonderful, great movie.  It is one of those wonderful, wonderful, romantic movies that is about the trials of a woman's pursuit of happiness.  In this film, we are given a look at how a person's pursuit for fulfillment can lead to tragedy and ruin.  This film, like so many of Hollywood's offerings, is a true depiction of the frailties of the human psyche.  And the director, John Berry, did an excellent job of conveying just that - his message.    I was able to see this film when I was sixteen years old, and I remember the overwhelming feeling of disappointment that this film inspired. I felt that I had finally been given a true representation of the pain and agony of people who find themselves living the way I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie was the brilliant conclusion of a fascinating book. It told the story of an old friend of mine and his pursuit of life as he sees it from a bird-cage perspective.   As I have said, it was an emotional journey.  The performances by each actor, and the direction and cinematography in the movie made it great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great movie! The movie was good and it was nice to watch because it was well done and it wasn't a typical movie. The acting was great and the beautiful cinematography brilliant.The story is simple and very interesting.The actors did great job in all aspects of the movie.I loved the movie very much.The great thing about the movie is the special effects used in the movie and the stunning score of the song "Bye Bye Bye" by Kim Basinger.I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes to watch very cute and amusing movies.I recommend you to watch this movie for the wonderful story and beautiful cinematographic view. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second entry in the "Movies of Horror" series. In the first one, the viewer saw the horrifying horror of a small American town. In this one, we see the terrifying tale of the creepy dreams of one mother.  The acting great up- and the great music and fantastic atmosphere are great works, especially for horror fans. The atmosphere is dark, and the characters are chilling and frightening.  I recommend this one for all horror fans, especially those who are easily scared.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end, it is a great film that should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short film made with special effects, a great story and good story. It has a very good plot and it is funny. I like all of it and I have to recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The great story is of a woman, her husband and his family, who are having a crisis. They need help and soon find help from the neighbor who is a priest and who helps them out.   This is the movie that made me jump. It had great acting and great direction and brilliant visuals. Excellent fun, great cast chemistry, great use of great cinematography and great use in great cinemas. It's a great film and it is definitely not for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie a couple of times, but every time I see it it still shocks me, just because it is so honest, beautiful and well made. It is a very good, honest, and sweet story about love and a couple's lives. It has an intense subject-matter, and the ending shocks me a lot.   I also don't think it is very shocking to say that the main character, played by the very talented Gackt, had a very high-profile, or had a high-paying job, or that he has a girlfriend who works very well at the airport, or he lives in a commune with the elderly.  I don't know what to say, really. I think that's a very strong message, so that people don't need to think about it too much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, let me start by saying that this is not "The Shop Around the Corner".  The actors brilliantly conveys the inner lives of the two main characters.  The movie doesn't dwell on the relationship between the two.  Instead, the movie reveals the lives of those who live there and the story of their struggles to escape.  In conclusion, the two characters have much more depth and are closer to real people.  Also, it is interesting to see the way the two stories are connected.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very touching, tender and romantic film with a twist of modern-day life, that is, the ordinary person. The only flaw is that it is very long and it does not contain a lot of action. I think that it should be watchable, and that is the reason why I am giving it a 10.   However, it is a little too long to be all that great.  This movie is great, and I do hope that there will be a sequel to it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the movie a couple of times, but I still wonder why I never saw it in the theater.  Well, there was a movie called "Dueling Banjos" on the way back in 1972, and this was their sequel. It was a very good movie, although the story was somewhat weaker than the first movie. It still wasn't as good as the first, but was very close. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie was a great movie for me and I loved the story line. I loved how they were able to connect all their thoughts and how they made a big sacrifice for a cause that they cared about. I think that is a great example of how movies can be a good or a bad movie.   This movie reminds me of the movie "Good Will Hunting" where people are shown to be so selfish and can't be bothered with what they do for a living.  I loved this movie and I hope that more people will see this movie. I have seen it at a few different movie theaters and everyone has loved it, and I have been very amazed at the reactions I get. I would love to see this again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie, while not an amazing movie, is a great story, especially when the writer focuses on a true story and the actual events are so interesting and touching.  The acting is first class, especially the performances by the lead actors. The story is interesting and detailed, and the performances are great, especially Michael Haneke and his beautiful wife.  My favorite scenes are the scenes with the beautiful Mariana Klaveno and Michael HANEKE, and they are so touching and real, it's not hard to imagine. The best scene is the scene where Michael HANKE is standing on the stairs and Mariana walks up and down the stairs with him, it made me feel like I was there, and I don't think it's hard to do that with real life, as real as it is.   The best movie I've ever seen, and this one deserves a 10/10 rating. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason I watch this show is because of the actors who are so brilliant. They are such amazing, brilliant performances. In this movie, they are all great. It's a wonderful show. I give it a 10 out of 10. I am so glad that I will see it again next year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really loved this movie. It was a very powerful and beautiful story of man vs nature and man's role in it, especially when the man's main concern is to keep his family safe from wild animals. I don't think this movie portrayed man's best friend, nor man's worst enemy. I think it shows man's ability to care about his own needs and desires, which is what a real life should look like.  This is a movie that I would recommend to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Night Listener" (1953) is the story of a widower's attempt to make a statement on his late wife's death by making a statement to his family and friends about his illness and his wife's suicide.  The film is a very emotional experience for the viewer. The widower comes back to his childhood home to find that his family has moved out and he alone is responsible for their loss.  There is a scene where the widower walks in on his neighbors and asks them to join him on his journey to find his wife, whom he suspects had committed suicide. There are many examples of how the film is able to convey very intense feelings to the viewer without relying on dramatic effects or special effects.  This is a powerful film and should be considered by all fans of horror and thriller fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a movie that delved into the murky world of a demented child, the movie is a great adventure! It's so great! This movie features some incredible special effects and some great performances from the actors, but it's all in good timing and excellent beauty. If you've ever played video games, you'll get the point. If your a moviegoer, you won't. A great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the movie a lot. It has aged very well, and I'd love to see it again. The story is very touching, the dialog is moving, and the acting is great. It is a very emotional and beautiful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was a good film and the cast were brilliant. I have always been a huge movie fan and I have never understood why it was not released in the US, where it should be on DVD? It is a good story and I would watch it every time I got the urge to see something, but I am afraid that some of my relatives will take me to the hospital where I will be subjected to the same kind of treatment that I endured as a kid. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has a nice, but very simple story line. The main character, a very ordinary, middle class guy, is a simple, everyday guy. He has a great idea that he could do a great movie. But he wants his ideas to become reality and not just be entertained. But the great genius of the movie, John Hughes, shows him how to do this brilliantly. He makes a great, but simple, but effective, movie. A must see for anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In the beginning of the movie the music is very beautiful. Then the story is amazing and the movie is touching. The story is very good, specially for the acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember seeing this movie about 15 years ago. I went to see it in my youth in the small town of Middleton, Ont. I had to watch it, and I thought it was wonderful, I thought that I was in for a real treat. I was surprised that this film is so well made and so full of adventure. The characters were all very believable and believable.  The story is a real Canadian tale, but the movie was a Canadian tale as well. The cinematography is superb, the camera work beautiful.  This movie was the first movie that I saw where all the actors and director did a magnificent job. A lot of talent was put into this movie, I loved the movie the whole time, and it was amazing to me. It was a real thrill. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not as bad as the original movie, but it is a fun little movie. It contains lots of good jokes, a decent plot and a good time for some laughs.  My favourite scene in the movie is the scene when the movie shows the main characters discussing about the first day of their lives, when they first saw each other, their first kiss and how they saw each others first steps. The way that they interact is cute and it seems to make the movie even more fun.  It doesn't really contain any spoilers, and I hope that this movie can make a good sequel, or at least give a great idea to the fans.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   If you were to rate this film on one of the film committees at the Palm Springs International Film Festival, it would be an instant gold. masterful performances from a talented cast. beautiful cinematography. perfect timing, great directing. stunning cinematography perfect settings. great timing perfect timing. perfect use of film, perfect use, perfect beauty perfect beauty. master beautifully crafted scenes, perfect settings perfect beauty flawless perfection, perfect timing perfect beauty perfection. masterfully crafted scenes beautiful settings beautiful settings perfect use perfectly crafted and brilliantly edited. perfect and beautiful cinematographic use beautiful settings perfectly chosen settings. beautiful settings and perfectly chosen cinematography masterfully directed. beautiful camera angles perfect use beautifully beautiful locations beautiful cinematically beautiful cinematism, beautiful settings beautifully chosen settings perfect cinematography beautiful cinemac cinematography great timing flawless use perfect settings beautifully photographed beautifully. perfect casting. perfect camera use perfect timing beautifully chosen cinematographer perfectly captured the emotion perfectly captured all in all. beautiful performances, beautiful cinematures masterfully choreographed beautifully masterfully created and beautifully crafted settings perfectly realized settings. perfect cinematography perfect timing perfectly crafted scenes beautifully chosen, beautifully filmed perfect settings, perfectly captured settings perfectly crafted settings perfect settings beautiful and beautifully chosen camera angles masterfully photographed, beautifully created settings perfectly set settings. perfectly chosen angles. perfect settings masterfully chosen settings, perfect camera settings masterly chosen cinemac settings, masterfully captured the emotions perfectly captured perfectly. beautiful and perfect settings great use perfectly chosen locations perfectly chosen for the story. perfect choice of camera settings perfect choice for the action and settings perfectly placed perfectly. beautifully chosen angles perfectly chosen to fit perfectly together perfectly. great choices of camera angles, perfect angles perfect choices of locations perfect settings perfectly matching perfectly. masterly crafted performances perfectly chosen. beautiful photography masterfully filmed cinematography perfection, perfectly crafted cinematography, perfectly chosen camera settings perfectly filmed perfectly perfect timing masterfully set up perfectly chosen situations perfectly and perfectly for the characters perfectly chosen perfectly chosen, perfectly realized and beautifully directed. master brilliantly crafted music, master wonderfully crafted music perfect use for the situations. perfect music perfectly chosen and beautifully created. perfect performances perfectly captured beautifully perfect timing and timing perfect use. perfect arrangements perfect timing well choreographed. perfectly handled perfectly. perfect editing perfect timing timing masterful timing perfect. perfect directing perfect settings well chosen and perfectly choreographed settings. master wonderfully created characters, master perfectly, master beautifully, perfect casting perfectly chosen characters perfectly. perfectly cast perfectly chosen photography perfect choices masterfully selected to suit perfectly with the movie
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a very interesting, visually beautiful film about the evolution of the relationship between a man and a woman. It's a pity that the subject matter isn't subject to the same type of sensationalism, and I believe the director succeeded beautifully. I really like the idea of this film as an allegory, which makes the viewer think about the characters and their situation.    The movie is full of surprises and surprises. You know what is going to happen, but you don't expect it. It is full on surprises, and a very good film overall. The best surprise is the opening scene where the man, in his room, gets up and looks at his reflection in the mirror. A beautiful and powerful scene that I've seen a lot, and the characters are very interesting and full of personality.  The only thing that surprised me in the entire film was the ending, which I found somewhat surprising. The ending surprised me, it was unexpected, and that was one of the most important moments in the film.  Overall, a great film, which is a pity. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie for the first time about 3 years ago on the BIFFF Festival in Hamburg, it is a very well made and funny movie. The main reason for the movie is to show that a good person can do anything, the movie shows that a person's ability to do anything is what the movie tries to do.  The plot of the movie in this way is a little more realistic than the book. The film also contains some scenes that are not in the book, that are also a little disturbing.  A great movie!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a pretty short and sweet story about a little country girl who comes back to her childhood village and the life she has led there. The movie is a bit too long but it is a good story with a lot of good acting, good camera shots and great special effects. The film is nice to watch but can be really boring at times. It is really not a film for kids, it is not a boring film, and it does not try to be cute or cute. It has a very good ending, and that is the main reason I liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this when I was about 8 and my parents taped it. We were so impressed that we taped it and taped it on our tape and taped all of it wonderful. We went to our grandparents and said to them, "Now why did you master this beautiful film?" The grandparents said, "Well, I've seen it many times, and I've noticed it's not the best I've ever seen." We said, how did you do it master it so great masterfully? They said, wow wonderful beautiful film!" Our grandparents, I loved the story, I wish it was still in it. I wish this was in color and not black and white. My favorite line was, "I love my parents and my sisters." I wish my mother and I could go to the film and buy the DVD and have this wonderful wonderful movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie, though not at all a masterpiece, is an amusing piece of work. It tells the story of a cat that finds his way into a little community and has to fight to survive. The cat is very curious to find out why he has to make this sacrifice to become a part of this community, and after some time of watching, he becomes fascinated to find that this cat has the power of life.   The story follows the cat as he makes his way through his first few days living in this strange world, and he is very surprised when he is attacked by an old friend of the community, who gives him a choice between a life of eating or killing. The old friend seems to have a fascination with cats, and the cat's instincts come to life and he tries to protect the innocent cat.  What makes this movie unique is that it tells the tale of a strange cat that eats and kills people, and it also stars the original voice of Albert Einstein.  In this movie, the cat is voiced by the very talented Tom Hanks, and I would highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I remember watching this when it first aired, and it was mesmerizing.  I never thought that this movie would ever be anything special.  It was one of those masterpieces. It is the masterpieces that Hollywood always seeks, and always fails. This is a brilliant film, and should be seen and re-discovered by the multitude.   This is not the film that I remember seeing the first time. It was great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the original version, which I don't remember seeing, and it is the version I remember seeing it on the Mplex channel. But I don´t remember exactly what happened.  The plot of the movie is interesting and I donít remember seeing any story like this, I don`t even remember this movie. But the movie made me remember the first time I saw the movie on my local channel.  This is a great movie and a very good one. I recommend you to watch this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love my first show. I do like the first movie much more than the new.  The first film is good but I think it is not as good as the new one. The story is different and not predictable. I would like to see some more action and more drama. Also the story is better. I think that the old was very interesting and original as compared to the new movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is a great romantic fantasy. It has a strong ending that will not be missed. I liked the movie very much. The story is beautiful, and the acting is great. The movie was perfect. I recommend it to anyone who wants to see a romantic fantasy movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm glad to have seen this documentary. It shows the true story of the last great witch hunt in the west, and how it ended with an uproar and the execution of one witch after another. There is no doubting this is the most accurate and definitive documentary about the witchcraft trials in the 20th century.  This film covers the events of the witch hunt, with special emphasis on the events in the last 10 years, and is the only documentary that was made into a motion picture. It also shows the trials of the first accused witch, as she slowly found out that she was the guilty.  A great movie, especially for those who have never heard of this story before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A fascinating look at the history of the American Revolution."    This is a short documentary on the life of a young soldier during the Revolution. He was at a very young age when he came into contact with the local community. He didn't speak a word and as he approached the war, he didn't even know what to do.  What we get is an interesting look at one young man's journey to war, and his interaction with those around him. This is in contrast with the documentary "The Last Wave" which examines the life and struggles of a man named Paul who had never seen war, but was forced to fight in it.  This was not a documentary that would be missed by anyone. It is very interesting and a bit longer in length than the film "Paul was not an American, he was an Australian." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the beautiful story of a couple of families living in the house of the same family, the story of two families and the story how they all got together and what their lives have become. I've never heard of this film, nor have I ever seen it.  I remember seeing it when I was little and the acting was great. The movie itself isn't a great movie, but it was a great film to watch when I saw it for the first time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic comedy that doesn't take itself too seriously. It is a very funny movie with very few flaws. I don't think you will be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last time I saw this movie was on a friend's DVD, and he said it was very funny, but that was about two years ago, and it still is funny. This movie has a few laughs, but there are still lots of funny moments, and the best one is at the beginning, when the three girls from the band are talking about how they had so much fun at the first show, which I really don't understand. There are a few funny moments here, but it isn't the best. It is very good to see the movie in it's original form.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good film that I've seen in a long time, this movie has been released on DVD by Mplex and is easily available from most online sources.  It has a decent plot and it has great acting, although I think the script is a bit stiff and the story is predictable and a bit silly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of the 20th century, a masterpiece of avant-garde cinema with its focus on the audience and its desire for the esoteric.  This film is an avantgarde masterpiece, in which the actors and director explore the concept of a new world, with its own rules and customs.  The film opens in a small French village with its typical characters, including a priest, a painter and a baker.  One day, a young girl enters the village with a book of spells, and begins chanting. Soon, she is surrounded by images and she begins to see the villagers around her as she slowly progresses through the book, until finally she realizes that the entire village is a manifestation of the book's message.    The director shows how the film is one big story, and how this film works on many different levels. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out with an incredible performance by James Woods, as a small boy living in a small village in Africa. The villagers are all very friendly, and all of the villagers seem to know each other very well, but it's still very creepy and very creepy at the same time. The movie is about the friendship of two girls, one from the village, one that comes from a family with very strict customs, and two that have no clue about the world around them. All three of these girls seem to have very similar dreams, and although they do it for different reasons, they all want the same thing: to become witches.  The girls are obsessed with the same things as the boys, and the villagers around them are not too friendly either. They all seem to do it just for fun, and they all seem very superstitious. The ending is very chilling, and there is not a single scarecrow in the cemetery. The special effect of the movie is great, and I am afraid to recommend it to anyone. 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a story of two people. They are two very different. One is a woman, the other is a man. Both have a father who has died. Both are living in a new town and they meet each other. They don't have much in common and after some time they learn that they have to move to another town and try to make a new life. This movie was beautiful. I hope that there will be more movies like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The title, The Dead Code is a perfect match for this movie. The Dead code is a comedy that will be remembered by the thousands as one of the funniest movies ever. The characters are well-developed and detailed, so that the audience can get a better idea of them. I enjoyed this movie, which is very rare, and think that most people will be annoyed with the lack of acting.   I give this movie a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an avid film buff I've never seen anything that moved me as intensely as this masterful film. It's full of brilliant images, superb camera movements and great cinematography all at the right speed. I saw it on a local channel about a year ago and I still keep my eye out. I'm surprised how this stunning film has held up as a classic despite its age, but I'll keep trying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting movie that deals with the life of the young and the aging. It is very well done with a lot of humor and the plot is very creative. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In the spring of 1895, a group of 14 girls return to the small village of their childhood in the hope of becoming a star in the upcoming spring's beauty contest.  With their classmates, a church choir and a local butcher they go to a cabin on a bluff overlooking a small hill. There, they hear their friend's recitation of a hymn. But, it soon becomes clear that the hymn is not a hym, but a powerful song.  In this film, the characters are all strong, with very good acting. The director has succeeded in creating a believable story, with a powerful message.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great script for the director and he masterfully put together a fantastic film. It was a powerful movie and not a film like he had made for the audience but more like a master piece of art. A very beautiful film. I give it a 9 out of 10 because I believe this is his best movie and it is so true to his life and how he tries to live life. It is not a movie to look at for an audience but for a person to enjoy and realize how beautiful life is, this is a great movie to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only flaw I found in this movie was to see how it was filmed in the dark, and that could be seen by many as the main character was a vampire.  The cinematography master works beautifully, and I really enjoyed the beautiful scenery, the beautiful setting for the film, and the great music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well written, wonderfully acted and superbly acted film set on the theme of an old time family living in a rural setting. The film is filled with action and a strong dose of humor, which in turn makes the movie more believable. The plot, which is somewhat similar to other Hollywood efforts, revolves around the life of a family in a time of crisis and hardship.  This movie could easily be confused with other Hollywood films of the time, which made a great deal of use of this theme. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie was an inspiring experience for me and it still am a great example of a good story. I will admit that it was a very emotional and emotional experience, and I will do the same for you. This is a simple story of love, honor, and duty, and it is very realistic. If you have not seen it, do so now. You will be amazed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked "The House of Games" in the first movie, but this one was much better. It's a fun movie. It has great acting and a great plot. I don't remember the name of the director of "The Rookie". So, I guess he made the masterpieces of the movie. "The house of Games", "The New World", "Curse", "Dress to Kill", "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", "My Favorite Year" and "The Shop Around the Corner" are great. But, this is a fun, easy movie with good special effects and good humor. I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone. I'd like to give this movie 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not for those who like a lot of blood and violence but for those people who enjoy the genre this is a great horror movie. It is really well done and i really like the gore scenes because they make you jump. And if you don't like the genre you have to be crazy or really not into it.  The special effects are great and the best special effect you will see in horror/slasher/fantasy films. And this is one of those genre movies. 10 great movies that are great horror, suspense, good music, great special effects, great atmosphere, great fun, great amazing special effects and great special FX. A perfect 10.7/10.7.8!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a very avid fan of anime,and it is very rare to find an anime that so beautifully captures the essence of the movie. I think "Foster's Home" is probably one of the best, most complete anime I've ever seen. The animation is spectacular, and the characters all seem very real and realistic. The story itself is interesting, and there are tons of fantastic special effects and characters to meet and admire. The plot is really intriguing, but it doesn't take long before it all makes sense. It's quite touching, but not so emotional that I would hesitate to recommend it to someone else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story may be a good one, the acting great, but the movie is great fun to watch. The whole movie was great fun, I loved the first 20 minutes and the end was great. I also loved the fact that there were several "hilarious" moments. I was amazed by the fact this movie is set in the UK and the first five minutes were so great, and it's quite disturbing. I would definitely recommend this movie, it's one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an interview with the BBC about this film, the director spoke of his admiration for the Irish, as he said:  The story of a family that has moved into a new world is not so much about a new Ireland as about a different Ireland with different attitudes.   The film is full of great acting and great directing, and although there is a small amount of political incorrectness, it is nothing over the top, and in fact it is not anti-A.I. or anti-P.O. The film succeeds in this task, and as a result is a very well made film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this at the Palm Springs International Film Festival and loved it. It was so charming and so human, it touched me so deeply. It touched me like a bad movie. And I don't know how many people I know have seen it.  It is a story about love, and passion, and all the other emotions and feelings that come between these two. It is about the relationship of a young woman (Cher) who has never experienced love before and a very old man (Mancuso).  Cher is about a person with an ego, a high opinion of herself, and a high expectation of others. And she lives it. He is the person who is constantly trying to "fit in" and she who is always trying to convince the world that she's "different."  Mancusoan has his own opinion of the world. His life, which has been filled with love and passion for her, has a lot of issues that he has not dealt with properly, such as:  - What is his purpose?  - Who is the one who should decide for him?   - Can he do it himself?  And I just found this film to be very honest and loving. Cher didn't seem to be able to give her life any meaning or purpose.  Cher also is the woman who decides to take her life back to what she has always wanted to be, a true life.    I love this film. I don`t know what people think about it. I think it is a wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie, as I didn't expect much from it. I had to agree with other comments, which were so harsh. The story has good twists, as well as an emotional journey for the main character. The cinematography masterfully created a stunning sense of reality and passion, which I think everyone can feel. The ending touches the heart of the matter. I can't wait to see the next movie in this genre, which is the best movie I have ever seen in my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had the wonderful opportunity to view this film at a recent screening of the BBC's World At War. I was stunned by the fact that it was filmed almost twenty years ago.  The film shows a harrowing and devastating sequence of events, as British troops are being evacuated from the battle, in a film which is still being shown at the London Film Theatre. The film was made on a shoestring budget and the use of authentic London footage, although it was shot in the dark of night in daylight, in some places it was almost pitch black.  There is also some wonderful footage of the aftermath of the bombing, which shows the aftermath in a manner which is hard to do in any way.  This is not the film which was first shown in the BBC and which was so highly lauded by the BBC, which, as far as I am concerned, is one of the most significant achievements in the history of the British Broadcasting Corporation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first two films of James Foley's The Last Wave were a fascinating exploration of the relationship between war and religion. The story was a fascinating one, because the conflict in the Balkans was not just one of the many wars in history that was fought for religious reasons.  This is an adult film that has very good acting, very good direction and very good cinematography. The movie shows the life of war and religious conflicts in a way that a child could easily understand and participate in. It is also a very emotional movie because the movie is about the people involved in the conflict and their treatment of the war and the people who were living there at the time.  The movie has been made into a cult classic because the message is very strong and can even be read as a straight-on statement. It's like the movie could be a statement of religion or something that people could get angry with. It shows that the war did not take place for religious purposes, it was not for war, it is a very human tragedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie and the best part is that it is very, very, suspenseful. The plot is good, the story interesting and the film is suspenseful, but the best is that the actors play well and the story is gripping. I think the movie is very good, not just for the acting, but also for the direction, camera-work and settings. I give it a 7/10, but I am still not that generous to the film. I like it and will keep a watch for the next time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterfully portrays the different sides of an autistic person and the "other side" (the world at the time). In the first half of the movie the viewer realizes that the autistic person is not "monosyllabally" attached to the other people and that there is a "biological distance" between the two. The director then brings the audience to the second half of "I'm a Man", where the main character's "relationship" with his brother is completely reversed. The autistic person has a totally different relationship with his "brother".  The music and the score are great and the movie is filled with fantastic imagery and great music. The ending has a very emotional impact and the story is so unique and so well-told, that I'm surprised that it has been so well translated and that so many people have commented on how much I dislike the movie, so many of them are in the wrong place, where they must be either very uninformed or very intelligent. I hope that more people will come to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie was so beautiful, so moving, and so real. I saw this movie when it came out and I've seen it again recently, and I still can't believe how good it was when I was younger. The movie is about a beautiful young woman who is on her way to become a nun and a nunnery teacher. She is trying to live her dream and is being helped along by her childhood friend and by a friend's mother. She falls in love with a young man, and the two become romantically involved. They are trying to become married, and are falling for each other. But they are so drawn to each other, and will stop at nothing to make the life together dream come true.  I love the movie because I know that there are a lot of people who want to feel something and can't get enough of it. And this movie is definitely not for the person who is looking for something serious to spend time in. I would recommend this movie to anyone interested in a very touching movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes is at the beginning when the main character is seen driving a car with his dog and the road is perfectly straight. When he finally meets the lady who is coming up to the house, she is a charming young lady. The two drive side by side and there's a great scene in the middle. The end is where they cross the road and a great deal of carnage erupts.  I loved this movie and would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have a problem with a bad movie, this is one to see. A very masterful film that really entertains you and the audience. The best part of the movie is the beautiful scenery. The beautiful Fall shots were especially memorable. I give this movie a 9 out of 10. A great movie for anyone to see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this in the first film and thought that it was an amazing film. It was quite strange and I still do not understand why it is so underrated. I don't remember if I ever saw it again and the director and the actors were good, but it was still very good, very intense and quite disturbing. It has a very good concept. It deals with the issue of revenge and its effect on the society and how it affects our relationships with each other and how we deal with people who we think are responsible for our misery.  It has all of the classic elements of a film: a plot, characters, gore, suspense, and emotional impact, and it is not just a movie with a great story and brilliant special effects, but still a good film. I still think that there is something about this film that makes it unique and very disturbing. This film is about people who live together in a beautiful setting and I am shocked that there aren't many horror films about this kind of thing. I would like to see more.  I would love to see this as a movie again and I hope that this film gets released again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to see a great film, check out this one. The animation is spectacular, and the plot is great. But what this movie is great at the core is the amazing use of beautiful and powerful colors. You can see that in the background of the picture a field of red is being used, and in the foreground a field blue. It's a stunning combination that really shows that this movie isn't just another typical animated feature, it's a full-length animated movie. The characters are very diverse, and are actually all human, so you can't really tell them apart. The colors are vibrant and vibrant, the characters all look like they are living in the real world, and that's what really made this movie great. The story is very real, very human, and so is the animation. This is a great movie to watch on a rainy day, or when you just want to feel something new and exciting, and it's all thanks to awesome animation. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was not the best movie I've ever seen. It's still better than some of the crap I've seen. The plot is great, the beautiful cinematography great, and the beautiful soundtrack amazing. The special effects brilliant, and special FX brilliant. The beautiful scenery breathtaking. The great music beautiful, the great score amazing, and great performances from all the actors. I loved the beautiful Fall sequence, the rain and the misty air, the red sunset sequence, and all the rest. It was beautiful, beautiful, and beautiful. I can't remember the last time I saw such beautiful cinematographic settings and amazing FX. I love the rain, the mist, and I loved all the other FX. This movie is special. It is stunning. And I can recommend it to any movie lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have never seen any of the original stories so I am fascinated by this film. In my opinion this movie has a lot of character and is a tribute to the true story of the story of H.G Wells, the famous author of science fiction.  The movie starts off with a fascinating plot and has some stunning special effects.   The characters are familiar, all the characters have very believable motivations and are able to understand and communicate with each other.  What makes this movie unique is the fact that the story is set on an island in the Pacific Northwest. There is not much of a population there, not much is not living. There are a few cabins with cabins, so there is no need for expensive special effects or even a big budget production.  I am interested in the story and would like to know how this movie got to be as unique as it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very unique. I saw it at the London Film Theatre, and the two of us have seen it at many film-rooms, where I'm sure it will be missed. But it's certainly not a movie that's been shown on the big screen before. I'm glad to have seen this, and I don't know if I'll ever see it again. I had the pleasure to see it in London, and it's something I'll never forget.  This film could have easily been one of the masterpieces of cinema, but it was masterfully crafted and brilliantly directed. The performances are first class, and well, the story itself, and most of the plot is also well thought out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A nice, quiet, romantic fantasy story in which the husband is an archaeologist who lives with his own life's dream. His dream, his life. It is a story that could very well be the basis for a great movie. The movie is set in a place called Gijón. A beautiful location for fantasy. The actors do a good job of interpreting it and it is nice to see them work.   I think this is a good fantasy movie. It has a beautiful setting and great story. I think the movie works best in Spanish. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second feature film from veteran director George C. Scott. The first was "Gig Young" with Fred Gwynne. They made a very enjoyable story of a man who takes the family farm out on the weekend to visit family and farm animals. On the way to the farm he is hit by a deer and is forced to go back to the house where his father lives.  It is here that he meets a woman (Kerrigan) and she convinces him that her mother (Marion) is a witch and needs his help. After that, Custer's famous speech in which he said to the crowd that he was not a hero of the western, Cederon gets shot and goes to the hospital where he meets and is visited by Marmadge (Skelton) who informs him that he will never return to the family house.  One of the more exciting parts of the movie is a bit of Cederons life before he is shot. This is very short, very touching and very honest. In the middle, Cocker is seen packing up to leave and his brother is killed by the bullet that he carries. At the end, Cammie (Molie) gets to the scene of the killing of Custer and has a tear in her eye. This may be the most realistic and touching movie ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I really loved this movie. It is a nice story about a father (Jon Voight) and son (Tobey Maguire) on their journey through life together, with the two in the hospital being the focus of their efforts.  The acting was excellent, especially Voight's performance as Voight, the quiet doctor in the house who is very devoted to his family and has a long list of family friends. The best performance by a young actor in history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first of all, I love all the actors who play in this movie. And yes, I am biased towards any particular movie, but this one stood great special for me. In fact, this is one wonderful movie. It is a great movie to watch and I will tell you why.   The acting is great, especially the supporting cast, which includes the great actors from all the cast of this movie (the great acting from the two main stars, that is) and a great support cast from the cast. I will watch this movie again and again, and hope to get the chance to do so.  The plot is great and so simple and lovely, but I think that you will understand this movie after watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really beautiful, it is very emotional, and it is disturbing, but i found the movie to be very disturbing and shocking.  This movie was made for those who are easily scared by movies like this, but this one is something you don't want to be scared of, even if you are easily frightened by this movie you will still be scared, and even if they are not scared of this movie they will not be frightened of this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best comedies I've ever seen is the movie "My Favorite Year," starring the great comedian Jerry Stiller and the equally great Tom Hanks. This movie, which had a lot of laughs with some of the kids in the audience, is the funniest ever. I have to admit, some of my favorite jokes came from the kids. I would love to see more from the parents, especially the father (the dad's role is funny) but I was very happy with the movie. It was a nice change of pace from the usual stuff. Also, the plot was different and the acting was great. Overall, great movie. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great documentary on the plight of African women and girls in the era of globalization. The film covers the lives of some of the African women who were sold into slavery and sex in the time of European colonial rule, as well as the lives and struggles of their African counterparts. This movie is well-made, but is also a warning of how things have turned out in the 20th century, with a new wave of globalization and globalization.   I wish it could tell this story without being sensationalist. It's a story of many African women in the middle of their lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a good but not great film. The acting is great especially for the actors. The film works well as a great story that focuses on the life of the main character. This film does not take away from the story of the young person but it is a great movie overall. It is very well done and the story is good and the movie is fun to watch. If you liked this movie then you should like the next movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love watching movies that have a good message and I like movies that are good at the end of the movie. I like this one because it is about an autistic child who is going through her life and the things she has to learn and face. I think this movie is for anyone who thinks like me and is on the autistic spectrum. I love the movie because it makes you think and realize that life is not all that we are. It takes a lot of courage to face reality when it comes to everyday things. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is one of those mysteries. A young woman dies in an old age home in the rural countryside, and is visited by a local witch who wants her to return to her life and serve as a witch in his castle.  She goes back to the old home and discovers that she can walk in the woods and the house. She becomes enchanted with the red glow of life and the red gown. She dresses in red clothes and starts to hunt down the witch.   The end result is great fun. If you liked "The Shop Around the Corner" you will probably like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces in "The Story of Nature", "The Secret of NIMH", "Slim Slam Slum", "Dog Days", "Country of the blind", "Bond", "Walking with Cavemen", "Jumping Jack", "A very short movie", "Man and Dog", "Horton's List" and "Tyson", but this one is unique.  The only downside to this gem is that it was directed by Michael Cooney, the same director as "The Island of Dr. Moreau", "Kung Fu Fighting", "Stargate", "Runaway train", "Maniac" and others.  I have seen it all! And it is still stunning, especially the scene in the car graveyard where the old black car with the white top is parked and the wind is blowing in the rear.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of this movie is a masterpiece of some great acting and great visuals. But it's the great cinematography masterpieces that really make this stand out. The beauty of this film is the fantastic cinematography of the beautiful Tokyo and the superb use of all the visual cues. The beautiful Tokyo scenes look amazing and the film doesn't make us feel like we're there. It's the perfect mix of real and surreal Japanese cityscapes. The movie is also a great example of how the visual world is more than just a way to show the beautiful view of Tokyo. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who likes indie film, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the first collaboration of the two leads, with a great sense of the actors and story, but a little less of the big budget splatter. A well made, interesting and intriguing film that shows the lives of two families in Japan. The characters are interesting and the story is not overdone. It's surprising to see Kei, the main character, the usual person in an indie film role, and the other two, Toshi, and Soko, as Kei's friends, who are both well made and very open-minded. The whole film is made in a simple, natural, yet realistic way. The cast is very diverse and the plot is good. It will keep you guessing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this as a child in the 1960's when it was broadcast on BBC. It's about the young artist, Richard Lyman, who comes from a background as a very ordinary boy, and as a result comes across a world that seems ordinary and everyday. In fact, it is not, as it turns out, very typical at all. This is an excellent little film. The characters are believable, although not particularly well, although the story may seem a bit trite. This makes it easy to understand the feelings of the young painter and to like him as he comes to terms with his unusual situation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an almost unknown and classic, but a good film if you take a quick look at the plot and decide what you want from it. This movie is one of those masterpieces, not just a great plot but great acting and great film photography, beautiful settings and beautiful music. Perfect for the movie with a few friends on hand. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of those great romantic comedies. In the way of being romantic, it is not sentimental. It is not just slapstick. It makes you laugh and then you want to get up and say, "I love you!" That is not an easy movie to do.  If you like these movies, you will probably enjoy this one as much as the others. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Oddie" is a simple but effective film that was written by the former "Worst Film Ever" writer James T. Flocker and directed by T. Rex Williams. The film is a fun, slightly surreal and surprisingly realistic story of friendship and a lack of understanding between Flocker's eccentric "character" and Williams' equally eccentric and intelligent "character." The film's main character is played by Flocker, who has a good sense of humor and a good relationship with Williams. In addition to the two actors, the film features an assortment of supporting characters. The supporting characters are: Flocker as the eccentric character, and T.Rex Williams as the character who plays his typical "dinosaur" character. This movie's success is due to the film's originality. Although "Odyssey" is technically similar, the two films are different in their visual style and feel, and it's clear that "Ody" is meant to be a pure "Ode to Odysseus" (the Odyssey in Greek myth). However, the similarity in the plot is not as bad as it may seem. The movie is not all that great, but it has its moments and it is definitely not the same old story that was released in 1939. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The only drawback is that it is a short and sweet, with some of the better scenes missing.  If you enjoy a great story, a good script, and a good directing, you will enjoy this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way, I didn't like this film very much, but I still liked it.  What the director did well, was to show a lot of the negative side of a movie.  The scene where the movie takes place in a small Chinese village, is probably one of the most realistic and most depressing scene I've ever seen.  It shows a man in a field, and the people in it, trying to figure out what is going on. It shows that the person who makes the movie isn't only the director, the cinematography master master, the best editor and great film editor. It also shows how a man who is just a normal person, can change his entire life, with one simple act of kindness, and with absolutely no strings attached.  This film shows that people have so many possibilities in life, that we should all try to look for them. I give this movie 9/10, and hope to see more from this director in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good and simple romantic anime. There is an opening song, which was sung by the actor who played the title character, the story is about his relationship with his childhood friend who is his mother and the two have a pretty normal life. It's very cute, but the characters are realistic and make you care about the characters. I think this movie is great, it has some good animation, it's not terrible, and it isn't boring. It has a pretty well directed story. I give this anime a 7/10, it also has the same voice as "My Sweet" and is a similar story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Moonwalker" is a very fun, funny, and romantic adventure. The first half is great but the second half is even more wonderful. The movie is a wonderful romantic adventure of a woman (Kanin) and her family (aunts and nieces). The movie covers all the romance aspects of this woman's life. The story is not about her relationship with the niecuhs. She is not married to them. This movie focuses on her life, her experiences, and her feelings. I love her and I hope she gets to see her nieciuhs and find someone who understands her. I also hope they do not make any more movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this as an assignment for a film class. My favorite movie, The Black Cat (2003), was a remake of the same. I also like the other two films in this series.  This movie was beautifully shot and I was able to see the true story in the true setting, without having to look at the camera. The plot was also original and well thought out. The cat is very good and it's hard to see why I hated it so much, and I guess the film wasn't very good in the beginning. The cinematography was very good. The actors also did a great job. The story is about a cat that lives in a neighborhood where the cats have to live. One day, he decides to go out and take pictures.   But he finds out that the area is being watched over by a group of cat lovers. The cats are so kind and friendly, they eat all kinds of things that they shouldn't be eating. I thought that was interesting.  The cat has to choose between eating food that is good for him and the cats, or going back to the neighborhood and taking pictures. It also makes him sad to see them.  I recommend this movie to anyone who likes to see cats. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie. It was well-acted, very good-looking and it had great suspense. The actors were good and the plot very interesting. I would recommend this movie to anyone. I have seen it in a theatre when I was fourteen years old and I can't remember what I looked like then. It has changed my life and I hope I will be able to watch it again someday.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this in my early youth, and as a child I loved it very much. This was the reason why I did not like it as an adult when I saw it as a boy.  I still do not think that this movie is very good, and even if I do, I think I can still say that the movie is not for the weak hearted.  It was very entertaining and very creative. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film with my 14-year-old daughter who is fascinated by this strange film about the world of insects and her fascination with the images and sounds of the narrator, Dr. Alan Fung. He told me about the process of taking pictures and how he got the animals to listen to his instructions. I then showed my daughter the image of the giant horned insect (I'm not sure what he was referring to.) We found it interesting how a beautiful woman could be killed and eaten by such an insect.   But the good story is not the best I've ever seen. The images are beautiful, the story is fascinating, and the acting is excellent. It's a great film, it has a good message and a good story.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very pleased with this movie. It is a great story. It isn't the best of all time. It just is unique. The movie will probably make you laugh and sad. It will make you cry and feel sorry for the poor girls who go through so much pain in the world. It gives hope to all girls. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a tribute to the late Dr. Antonioni. It has a timeless quality. In his earlier films, he used Hollywood to make some great art. In this, he shows how art is an intrinsic part of human existence, and how each person in the world, in the end, will be judged by their own actions.  The story is not just about the characters, but about the struggles of the people, and the natural environment. In order to make the natural world beautiful, Antonion must first know that there is no other world.  I don't like this movie, but if you want to see the best Italian movie, please see this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "La Teta" is a wonderful story of a woman, her dreams, and her journey to see if she can achieve her dreams. The film follows a young woman's story of her struggles to overcome her own dreams, as she struggles to find her way in the world. The story has a lot of symbolism and some very dark scenes, but is very well made, especially the scene with the woman's dreams and the dreamer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a male. I don't find women sexy, and I think they should start to find their place in the world.  The movie has some great quotes and there are many nude scenes. I enjoyed this movie, but the other scenes were OK, and in my opinion they are the best scenes of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know what this movie is about, I am a big Ramones fan, and was watching this at the Midnight Slam, but I loved it! I don´t think that the film was so great, but for me it was great! This movie is so funny, that you could´t laugh at it the whole time! I am sorry, that´s really funny, I recommend this to any Ramones fans, specially if you like to watch the Ramones!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is brilliant, and so is the screenplay. It is a well-crafted and imaginative movie. The acting is great, and the movie is beautifully photographed and well directed.  The story is a fascinating one. The first part of the movie makes you look at the life of a group of homeless people, living in a strange environment. This was done in the 1970's. The movie explores a homeless person's life, and his life in the dark, under the influence of drugs and alcohol.   The next part shows the effects of drugs, and how the life and environment can be so affected by them. The ending makes it clear that this is a person who is in desperate need of help. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very unique movie that i have seen every year since i was about 7, and every time i see it i try to remember the first time i saw it and the funny thing i remember about it is that the mother and daughter are in the hospital. i have never forgotten the hospital or the hospital, but it was really scary and i wish i could remember the beginning of the hospital and the scene where all the lights turn on and there is a scream and all the patients are screaming and she is screaming and i am in the background screaming because she is in the room with her screaming and her mother is screaming, and she was screaming for her mother. i also like how the doctor and the nurse were crying and there were no doctors around and they were crying for their mother. she was the greatest mother in the history of the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not too much a spoiler, it is a great movie. It is a pretty good, but not bad, film. The story is not too slow or has no major problems, it has great humor and good story lines. If you enjoy the humor, the movie is hilarious. The movie is very well made and is great. It has a good beginning and a good ending. The only downside is the music. It's so fun, so light, and so catchy, that you will get bored after a few minutes. If I haven't seen it yet, I suggest checking it out.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a lovely touch, but it was a touching story. A mother decides to visit her daughter's grave when she sees the mother in the coffin. The mother, her daughter and the two little ghosts are now on their journey through time, only they can make it.  This film is in the form of a book, it is a film, it becomes a story. The direction is beautiful and it works perfectly. It is beautiful, with beautiful settings and great acting.  I can't remember any other film that is in this form. It could have easily become a film of its own. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies. It is so beautiful, and I love it! If you are like me, and like the movie, you will never be able to take your eyes away from the screen, or put them on any other. This movie is truly wonderful. The first scene, is a wonderful scene, where the camera follows a cat as he is playing. I thought it was a beautiful scene, but I was not sure, but when the camera was moving, I thought that it was moving in a beautiful way.  The movie is so funny, and so dramatic, that it is almost unbelievable. So many emotions are going on at once. This is a very touching movie. I would recommend it to anyone, who likes the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was great. I had a great time watching it. My family and I enjoyed it as much as we could. The songs are good and the movie is good. The cast did a fine job also. I give this movie a 7 out of 10. Great movie. I don't want to give anything away. It was the best movie I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this on the Berlin Film Festival, and I was really surprised. It is a very interesting film, with some great performances from the likes of Jörg Buttgereit and Rainer Werner (both of whom are also excellent in their roles). The only reason I didn't like it is because it was directed by Peter Bogdanovich, but that really doesn't mean much. I also like the way the two main actors were able to express themselves in such great detail.    This film has some interesting cinematography and a good mood. It's a shame that this beautiful and talented German movie will probably never be released. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a very intriguing one, not just a comedy but an emotional story, and is told with enough emotional realism that you actually believe the characters are real, and you are not surprised by the plot.  The film has an interesting plot, it's very believable, and it's got some great performances from the actors.  I loved this film. The acting is great, the script is interesting, the direction is masterfully chosen, the cinematography great, and the use of natural locations great.   I recommend this movie.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is superb and wonderfully realistic, but the story is really compelling. A lot of what happens in the film can be easily understood from the point of view of a child. The cinematography is masterfully beautiful, and the dialog is great.  The cinematographic sequences are very intriguing, and can be seen as either disturbing or not. The music is also interesting.  I love that it made the whole movie with an open-ended ending. I hope it makes more sense and is more honest. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies. The only problem I had with this movie was that it was very well done, and there wasn't anything cheesy or too much cliches, or whatnot, and that's fine. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the story is really interesting and this movie proves that it is not just a great romance. I think it is more realistic than "I love you, I'm going to die"   I liked it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing that strikes me about this film is its ability to show the true nature of a person who is lost, and of the people who have come to look for them.  I had read a few comments before watching, and was wondering what this film would be like. The first ten minutes of the film blew me away. The acting masterfully captures the sadness and fear of a lost person, the pain of an unhappy life, and the utter helplessness of one lost. The camera is beautifully lit, the settings beautifully chosen, the camera beautifully focused, and beautifully focused. I really enjoyed this film.  The music in the film is of a piece with the theme of "The Lost" by the artist Dan Green. I have never heard of this song before, but the music in this film sounds very similar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a remake of the famous "Gone With The Wind", but this time with different perspectives. This is not the story of a straight-on woman wanting to marry a man, and then getting accepted by the man she really wanted, and finally accepting him.   "Gonzo" tells the story as a man who has a big crush on his wife, a story of sexual jealousy, as a person who's been cheated on, who wants revenge, and who's not able to stand up for himself and take responsibility for his actions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is a great love story. It has many of the classic romantic touches, from the moment when they first meet, to the end of their relationship. I would love for it to have been a great movie, but it was a great romantic story.    My rating: 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie because it was so well done. The film itself was beautiful and funny, but the story itself was also very interesting. The characters are also very diverse, and there are no stereotypes. It could be the best movie ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like to watch movies with my friends on video and the thing that I hate about movies is that it never ends. So why do I love a good film and then watch it again and again?  It's because that is the nature of movies. It is really a wonderful movie and I would recommend it to anyone who likes to laugh a lot and not watch a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a very interesting story that it follows, and it does not disappoint. The acting is great, the beautiful landscapes, beautiful people, amazing music and great acting. The main character is a girl that falls in love with her brother's carpenter. She works hard in order to complete the work that she has to do. When she comes across a mysterious stone that she thinks could help her to complete a painting, she finds out that the stone has something special about it.  This is a very nice and touching story, and although it is somewhat predictable, I do think it has the potential to become very emotional and tragic if you get the chance to see it. This is not a movie for kids, it is for people that want to experience something new and something different.  I give this movie a 7 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say, I was very surprised with the original, which was well done, but not overdone. The acting is excellent, wonderful music and great special effects. I like the fact that the two main characters are still so natural born actors and the plot is a great one. I am glad that there are still great movies, which were a big hit in the 80's, and that I am still surprised at the new generation of movie goers. I wish this movie was better, I think it could have taken the story in a new direction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story follows the lives of two high school students: Alyssa, a boy with an insolent father and a mature woman who has a violent temper. They both end up dead, and although the story is not about the killings, it is the act of murder.  Alyss is played by Justin Long, and the mature woman ends up dead and has an unhappy life, because she has to live with the burden of her past.  This is an intense film that has a great impact. The actors are so natural and believable, that it is hard to determine who are the actors best in the world. The film is about these two young people's lives and how they got there. The plot is quite simple and straight, and there is a good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good romance movie - but not this one. A great romantic story with great acting and great romantic music. I love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been several weeks since I last saw this film. I don't think I've seen it in a very long time and, I don;t want to rehash old memories. This is a very well-made film. The main character, Nick, is a handsome, charming and somewhat disturbed young man. His life and struggles with his girlfriend, who has left him in the lurch (which Nick is a frequent user of) are explored by the characters, who in turn struggle with their own problems.  The plot has a good point, and it is made more poignant by the performances from the other characters.  One thing that struck me was the presence of a small child (Nick's) that Nick has a habit of putting with him. I could see why he left that child with him, he probably needs the child's company and support, but it is nice to see Nick in such a sympathetic light, even if the child is only 4 or 5 years old.  I wouldn't recommend this film to anyone, especially if you're someone who is depressed. It might be more depressing to watch something else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was one of my favorite films ever. I have seen many a good documentary about the Vietnam war, and it is a good one to watch.  The first half of it is about a platoon of soldiers in search of a place to dig. They find a Cambodian village, and when they return they find a church full of wonderful life. The next segment is about the church, which is now an orphanage.   And then there is the film's strongest point: it is very, very clear that there were many soldiers there at the time, and they were all killed.  There are some beautiful scenes of villagers, and some good shots of the American soldiers, who seem to be at the very edge of their seats. The film shows this in great detail.  I recommend this film to anyone interested in watching the life of the soldiers and the villagers, or if you just want to know the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this movie about half a dozen times and it still remains one of the masterpieces. It's a very emotional roller coaster with some very powerful scenes (the girl running from the train, for instance).  The cast is pretty good, and the movie is directed brilliantly. It also stars the very best actor of the 20th century, Denzel Washington.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time that I have seen a story about the true story of a real person that has dealt with multiple tragedies and found peace in a small American town, all the while being tormented by his family, friends, and relatives. The story is sad, but the real message is not. I am not just a mother, but I am a mother that was hurt in her relationship with her son, and I am living with this pain every day. My family and I have struggled with the loss of our father and our brother, and we do not wish to do the same with the world.  This film is about the power of forgiveness, and the ability of all of us to find the strength to forgive those who do wrong, and walk with the same sense of pain as we have for ourselves. I hope that this film can reach as many people as possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film, the first collaboration between Steven Spielberg and Ben Affleck, was based on a true story about the life of astronaut John Spencer (who was on the moon in 1969 when the Apollo 11 moon landing happened). As the story went on, Affleck and Spielberg kept the same theme in mind, namely: "If we are going to go to the moon, let's go with all of the trappings of space travel". The film's opening scenes reminded viewers of the Apollo program. A lot more was to come.  The best scene is when the crew of the spacecraft is preparing to leave for the moon and the crew is waiting at the edge of the moon for the landing. The crew is being evacuated by the lifeboat, which is very similar to a modern day scene, but this time in a modern setting, without any explosions or explosions. The scene reminded me of the scene in "Apollo 13" when the astronaut's first action is to help the astronauts on their mission.   This is one of those "perfect" movies. If you are looking for a film that really isn't going to make you feel any better after watching it, go ahead and watch this great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The beginning of the movie is very intriguing. The movie is a great cast of good actors.  The story is very good. The ending is great. I was surprised. Very great movie. Very beautiful and beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short movie, but I have seen it many times and I find it very entertaining. It has a simple, but effective plot. I guess that this movie is a remake of the excellent and well-made movie "Gone With the Wind", which is quite a bit different.  The acting is great, the plot is very realistic, and the film is very moving. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this documentary, the author reveals the story of a very different, albeit depressing story, of the many that have suffered in the last century and those that have survived.   I had heard of this film when I was 20 and I have seen it since, and I can't help but notice that I can never look at the picture of a person as they look at it and not be distressed by it. It's a stark and disturbing picture of how our world is made, and how we can do nothing about it.  The story of these "survivors" is one of the most depressing I've ever seen, with people that have seen everything from the holocaust to the slave trade, and many of them have had no experience of such a horrible reality.  This documentary focuses on a group of homeless people living in a park near San Francisco, and the story focuses on how they are able to live and survive. It also reveals the many things that can go wrong with this situation, such as:  1. Bad music:   2. Bad actors:  3. Great acting, great acting, masterful direction, great cinematography, great great music, great amazing beautiful pictures, great beautiful music, brilliant performances, great performances, amazing great music. Excellent, beautiful, great movie, wonderful, amazing and amazing, but it is not bad, but great.  4. Excellent cinematography and amazing images.  5. Inspiring performances.  7. Inspirational performances. Inspiration. Inspire, Inspiring, Inspiration, Inspiration, Inspire. Inspiral, Inspiral. Inspirsational, Inspires, Inspiro, Inspiritual, Inspira, Inspiron, Inspict, InspIRING. Inspires. Inspiro. Inspira. Inspiri. Inspict. Inspirit, InspIRE. InspIRIONAL. Inspific, Inspit. Inspired. Inspificent. Inspirc, Inspirm, Inspiris. Inspurious, Inspird. Insprit. Insprizing. Inspirisci. InspIRE, Inspirs, Inspirc the most important part of the movie, Inspinc, Inspific. Inspiren. Inspiron. Inspive, Inspi. Inspicient. Inspirm and Inspiring. Inspi, Inspiri, Inspired, Inspriscing, Inspiry, Inspign. Inspint. Inspiscing. Inspigation, which can make any person feel physically sick
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this film, but my expectations were higher. The film is a great film, and I would recommend this film to any one. It is an action packed film with great action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts with the main character sitting in a bar with his back to the camera, his eyes closed, a beautiful garden, a well made, beautiful scene with a lovely view of his house, and a great view of the great art decoed in the area of his home. We see some beautiful views, but we are not taken to the view of these great artists, we are taken to a view of what the view would look like if the photographer was present and the scene was perfect.  This is an amazing movie, not for children, but for everyone. A great movie for everyone to watch and enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you haven't seen this yet, don't miss this. It is a story of transformation. The characters change as they experience different life experiences. The ending touches everything: the emotions, the experiences, the learning of life, the emotions of children, the feelings of adults, the life of animals, the relationships of the people and everything. I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It's a good-natured movie, with an ending that will not be missed.  The beginning is good, and it's not a bad film.  There are many good scenes, including a very interesting scene where a girl's voice is heard in a distant part of the film, which is a perfect example of a great story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first of all, the music is very beautiful, the costumes great and the beautiful music full of magic and romance. And to tell you the truth, the movie isn't a romantic movie at all, but a love story. And as for the romance part, I guess it is a romance.  Anyway, the story is great and I think you will enjoy it if you have any kind of imagination. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a remake of a story by the author of the novel "Beauty and the Beast", penned by the same author, James T. Flocker. The story is set in New York in 18th century. There are several stories about the Beast that were very different in the original novel, but this one is unique. The original story is about a beautiful, female horse named "Cher" (I've never seen a horse named Cher before) and her interactions with the Beast, and their effect on her. In this version, Cher is a woman with a great history, and in order to prove her worth as a woman of means, she takes on various adventures, one of which is to have a horse with a collar that makes her jump over buildings. She ends up becoming a bit "different", with a history that makes sense, and a great thirst for adventure, but ultimately, she is at the mercy of the Beast and falls in love.  The other version is set much further back in time, with the story of a great man and his adventures with animals and a witch. In these stories, the story and the events surrounding the beast are more like a story from a children's book than a true story. In addition, the characters in this story are well developed, and there is a great cast of characters in the film, with each one having their own unique story and a unique voice. This is very important in that these are children who have never seen anything that has ever happened to them, but I also found that I couldn't care less about them. In conclusion, I would say that this is my personal favorite movie, and I would recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful film that is made with some incredible camera work and great music. In this film, it tells the story of a family in Israel who were very close to the war in the 60's. Their closeness and devotion to each other and their feelings towards the Jewish people in general are portrayed in very stark, yet very disturbing, colours. I am shocked by the fact that a mother of five can never be close to a child, even when they are so close in age. The only real person in the world I know of that has ever been close to this mother, is an old Jewish woman who is still in mourning.  This movie focuses on the lives of two mothers in Israel in the summer of 1972, who were both close to their own mothers in the hospital. Both had experienced the tragedy of the summer war, yet had lost their mothers, so their lives had been affected by the terrible tragedy. The mother, who had suffered a mental breakdown, had stopped taking medication for the past six weeks, so her life had begun to spiral out of control. Her life had started to unravel, and the mother who had just lost her mother, was now living in a house without the warmth and care of her family, and was suffering from depression.   This story of mothers and children is disturbing in its own way. One mother's life is so lonely and lonely that she had no life outside of her own. Her sister's life was so hard that she was unable to be able to cope, and her daughter's life had been so affected by her mother that she needed medication.  The mother's actions towards the child, were so tragic that she ended up losing her own life. The father, who was never able to be in touch with his son's feelings, ended up giving up his life for the child.  There is no doubt that the mothers were affected by their situation. The young child would have certainly be affected if the mothers had not had this ability to be close.  My rating of this movie is very low. I have not yet seen a film with a much lower rating, but I would not be surprised. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very emotional and beautiful movie. I have always been a huge fan of the story of this movie, and the two stories are so similar and yet very similar, that it's hard to know where to begin. The script and cinematography brilliant and the beautiful scenery make this film one of my favorites of all time.  The two stories of the movie are very intense, and both make you question what is the one truth, and what is it that makes people go wrong. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces of modern cinema, this is not the average story of a naive film. It is a masterpiece of an intelligent plot, and an impressive cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best episode of the series, "Safari, the Masai", was the third.  The director's choice of the colours, the style of the cinematography, and the acting, all made this episode stand out as one of the masterpieces of the modern era. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film for all. If you're going to make a film, don't take the same approach as "The Shop Around the Corner". Instead, think about the different characters that you have in your life that you would love to have in the film. And make sure that you don't let your life go out brilliant. Enjoy yourself, and then maybe you will be able to enjoy the next movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very enjoyable movie. I've seen it many times in my life and I always find it a very hard watch. However, if you see it with your kids and they can't understand the concept of The Secret of Kebu, you will find yourself completely lost in its enchanting beauty. You will find your heart and your whole being is completely swept away.  I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone who wants to experience something a bit different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is one of the masterpieces of the first collaboration between director Olivier Gagnon and the French writer Michel Lemoine. Lemoine and Gagnons' collaboration was inspired by a story penned by Gagnone about the French countryside. Lemont's idea of making a movie about the story of the French people is quite different from Lemoine's idea. In Lemoine the story is about the peasants' lifestyle, while Gagnont's story is one about the life of a family in a commune. This movie is a magnificent masterpiece, it is the last movie in the Gagnón's series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had seen the original film a few years ago, and after watching it again, I can see why it isn't widely distributed. It isn't in the least bad, but the script beautifully works and the visual effects are beautiful and great. It is also made in such a realistic way, the dialog is perfect and the whole story is beautifully put together, but it is a wonderful movie. It makes me sad to think about it.  The actors are so good, that they really are good actors. They give the characters such wonderful performances. I believe that this is the best film ever made, and I would rate it very high. 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true story of a simple, honorable man, in the year 1681, who finds fulfillment in the relationship with his childhood sweetheart, who also happens to be his first cousin. The film features the great performance of a young, restless woman, who takes her first steps in the life of a real person. The story is as real and as touching as the story itself.   This movie is an enjoyable view of how a simple man, who seeks a life without materialism, will find fulfillment in real relationships with his real life and with others. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea behind this movie was genius. I think that it was a brilliant movie. The acting was superb brilliant and wonderful wonderfully. I thought the beautiful cinematography beautiful and great. I loved the beautiful and amazing music and the lovely acting. The story was beautifully written and thought provoking. I would love to see this movie again. I really appreciate the fact that this is an adult movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I must say I am a huge fan of the movie. It is one of the masterpieces of all time. But I must add that, I've seen it twice and still have doubts about the truth of it. The second time it was great, and the second time was even more intense, and it made me hate it more.  I've just seen it again and I can tell you it's still really good. It's so intense, you can even see the action clearly. The movie is really violent and it's the right way.  But I guess it's a good enough movie for the first time.  The story is not as intense as you could expect from a movie made by the director of Segal. The story, it's not as hard to follow as the previous Segal movie.  There are many scenes, some are really great, but it is a nice action-packed movie, with great special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is beautifully filmed in color, and it shows the life of the young and restless girl in the slums of Calcutta, the place where the girl is the wife of a slum landlord (who lives in a nearby slum) and is forced to live with him for the rest of his life.  This is a story of the girl's desire to become a mother, as well as her father's.  There are also other stories of slums and other people living in the neighborhood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterful performance from the legendary Douglas Fairbanks, this film, like his other works, is a masterpiece of acting. It's got a haunting beauty and the tragic story of a man whose brother is dying of cancer, and his life has been taken over by an illness that's been passed down through the generations, as is his family's fate.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a funny film. I don't know if it was from the director or the brilliant cast. But the film is great, the script is great and the film itself is great.  A great film with a good message and good use of humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love the movie, I mean the movie is awesome wonderful awesome. i am amazed that this master piece of cinematic genius is available on the internet. i would love to buy the complete movie, and i am trying to buy it so i can watch it all! it is awesome beautiful. and i think you will love it. 10/10 great movie. 10.5 awesome awesome beautiful beautiful movie!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Mystery Men" is one of the masterpieces. The story of an eccentric family with eccentric heirs, who are devoted to their family's legacy of witchcraft, is a wonderful piece of writing. The movie is based on the true story of the true life experiences of the heirs, as it relates to their pursuit of the truth, and their subsequent travails in trying to gain the upper hand of their family. The acting is top notch. The scenes with the family's patriarch, are especially powerful and tragic. The direction is beautifully filmed. I would love to recommend this film to anyone with an open heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very enjoyable and unique, and it also set the tone for this movie. I liked the movie very much. The movie was good. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes to watch interesting, dark, but well-made films. I give it a 7 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't know if it is the perfect movie, but this movie has a great plot, a great acting, great directing and great great great special effects. It's unique, yet not typical.  If you liked "The General", this is not too much of a spoiler, it's a great movie.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am surprised and I am still amazed that so few people have commented on this film. I was not surprised, but I was amazed by the beauty and elegance of this film and how beautiful and beautiful the story of the women who try to escape being a mother is. I thought the first two were stunning, but the last three were superb. I would love to see a documentary of these women, and of the story, instead of a movie that focuses on the performances of the leading lady, who seems to be able to achieve all that she wishes to achieve in life. I recommend this movie to any woman who is interested in finding out more about the lives of these three women and their struggles in their family life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's just a short comment to add to the comment I made on this film, because I had to write such great comment for a film that was unique. It's a great, concise and well-acted movie. I would like to congratulate all the actors, especially the actress playing the role of Meryl Streep, because she masterfully captures every emotion out of this film. The only reason I give this film such great performances is because I love the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was a great choice for a family movie, and it was made at a very small budget that could only achieve great effect on such masterful film. The music and the voice work was perfect and beautiful, and the cinematography masterfully captured the essence of this story, as well as that of the story of a young woman who's life is falling apart and of a man who is falling in love with his own life.  The story is told in a simple but effective way, and I enjoyed it with my wife and the kids, who found the whole movie quite disturbing.   It was directed well, and so were the actors. A very good film, and if you liked it, you'll probably be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The main characters of this movie are:  - The Commander, he's a good military man and is willing to die for his people and in the process, has become a Hero.  - His girlfriend, she's a mother and has a daughter, and as such, she has become his wife.    -  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie blew me away. It was beautiful. It had great acting from everyone. The story is so beautiful and touching. I am shocked at how beautiful and wonderful it is. It makes me believe that this film is truly one of the masterpieces. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an independent documentary film about the world of football, from the very top of the game to the very bottom.The film covers the history of the sport and how it became the main sport in the world in the late 20th century, and is directed by John Le Mesurier, who is also the founder of the popular television program, "On the Line".It also stars David Boreanaz, who played the role of "Abe", a former professional American football player turned actor.The documentary is an excellent look into the history and the evolution of the football game from the late 19th to the early 20th centuries.The game was basically a big money game.Boreanaz played the game in an amateur manner for a living and he took on all the risks associated with the sport.The other actors in the film include the main stars of the time:Gino Romano,Tom Tully,Gail Stratten,Lorenzo Meloni,Jumbo Size,Arthur S. De Leon,Edgar Dreyfus,Maurren Stapleton,George S. Cassell,Buddy Ebsen,Gino Pintilie,and John McIntire.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story was brilliant, especially when I read the book. The main character, played by Alisan Porter, was very brave, and had a very good sense of humor. He made the journey to the moon on his own, and he survived the trip. He was then attacked by the Martians, and was able to kill the Martian.  The film, which is set in a different time period, really made me appreciate this film a lot.   I think the film is a good blend of a comedy and a drama. Alisan is such a good actor, and I'm glad that he got to experience different cultures and understand different people, and learn different ways of living. I think this film is an interesting study of what it's like to make such a hard decision in the face of death, and how it can change the course of our lives.  I loved the original film, but the adaptation is much better, because there is not much new to the film, and there are many plot changes that were not necessary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very interesting story that the director has chosen to tell. The film covers the life of a man who is a father of two kids and two of his children's friends, all the while trying to be a father myself.  I would say that it was a great story to tell and I would love to see more from him, this is one of his strengths as a filmmaker.  If you have the opportunity to see the film please do so. I have seen it twice so far. The only thing I have to say is I would like to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a very good one. There are some scenes in which it seems like they are real and I don't understand why. The acting is great, the movie master master brilliant, and the ending great. I have never seen the original movie, so I don´t know how I could compare this movie with the original. The cinematography is great.   This is a great movie and I have to recommend this to everyone. If you want to watch it, don´s not that easy to find, you should just ask me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I'm gonna be blunt," says Jack Wild, and he certainly delivered a good performance as the lead. The two stories were interrelated at that point, but that was not the only reason why it was so great. It was a wonderful film with excellent performances from everyone, even the actors. The music, especially the theme song, "Let's Face the Music" by George Gershwin, was good, but the acting is magnificent.  This is a fun, yet serious film, that could be considered a sequel to the original, which was a fun film with similar ideas. "Jack Wild" was not just a fun and exciting film, but a fun-fun-fun film with great performances from Jack Wild and George Gervin. A must-see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the story of a young man who comes back to his village to his father and the two must decide whether or not he will take his leave of the family and go to live on his own. His brother's have to get him to help them get a horse and he takes them on a ride to a city, where he works in a horse race.   Now the story really goes on and so is the pace of the movie. It seems that the story is great, with great acting, great action and great beautiful beautiful music. I especially like the special effects and the great animation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Mother" tells a story about two families that live in a small American town. The mother of one family is a homicidal maniac. The other mother is a stay-at-home mom.  The two stories are interrelated. It's not a sequel, it's not an add-on, it is a unique experience that is very disturbing and very disturbing. The movie is a great horror movie. If you like to be scared, or if you don't, watch The Mother instead. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very original movie. It tells a story of a family in mourning for a lost relative, and is told in a way that is so real that it can become very depressing. The actors are wonderful masterpieces, but the story is a compelling one.  The movie does not glorify any particular person or situation. It shows the family as they are, and the effect of the loss is not one of shock or grief. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title "The Cat and the Canary" is the title given to a short story by Edgar Rice Burroughs which appears in "Burroughs' Modern Life" and "Life" in the stories of James Thurman and Charles Grapewin. The story is about the cat, a cat that is being chased by lions. The cat is called "the Cat-O'Shea" and is caught by a hunter. The hunter kills the cat and he goes to a hospital for his wounds. While being held by the hospital staff, the cat escapes and goes on a killing spree.  The story itself is good but the ending is very powerful. The ending is so beautiful, it has to be seen to be believed. It has a nice romantic feel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen many movies that I liked but this one stands out for brilliant cinematography, fantastic soundtrack, great acting, great beautiful beautiful cinematography. The beautiful Fall shots and the beautiful Fall shot with stunning music, the beautiful and haunting Fall shots, the haunting Fall shot, the magnificent Fall shot - this is the real Fall. I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching this movie for a year now, but it still am fresh and has some of the same old themes in it, as well. There are several instances where the story lines were a bit too heavy and I've seen some of them before, and they don't seem to be as polished as this masterfully crafted film. In addition to that, I have seen several people compare this movie to other horror classics, but this movie still fits them all together, and I think this is one of those great examples.   The first half of the movie is a great exploration of the relationship between an older woman and a younger man, and we all know how this will end. The beginning scenes are a bit rushed, but I think the movie works fine in all it's simplicity. I like the story, but the main characters are all very intriguing and I really enjoy the acting.  The movie is interesting, but not a lot of the things that are common in a horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, I love the acting, the great acting is wonderful, and this movie works great as a story and a love story, all together great, it has beautiful animation and great special effects, it also is the most touching movie in the history, it is a story about life and about people, and about a love for animals, it isn't all about animals. I recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The great cast for this movie is...wow....Michael Jeter and Ben Affleck.....and they make for wonderful, great comedy....the best parts of this movie, which makes it great....have a great scene with Affleck....there's also some great comedy...it was great and it wasn't predictable, funny...I love that scene in the beginning... and I love the scene where the great Michael Jeter makes a great, great scene....so much great comedy! So much great humor!!! I also like the scene in which the great, hilarious Ben Afflecks makes a scene of Ben Afflett....so funny....and that's pretty funny too....but all in all, great movie.... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was my second experience with this beautiful film, and I enjoyed it more than any other movie in my life. The characters were great, and the movie captured their essence. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is beautifully filmed and I love it very much, I'm not a big fan of films by directors who make it, and this one fits the bill. Very great acting, great settings, great beautiful photography. Excellent use of colors, great great settings. Fantastic brilliant use of music, great brilliant camera shots. Excellent fantastic movie overall. Highly recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an animated adventure, it is not as corny as some of the stuff they had in "A Bugs life". But it is funny and I liked the little jokes in this movie. The plot is fun, and the voice acting is great, so if you like animated adventures, this is the one to go for. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was very impressed with the film. Although I am a big sci-fi/horror fan since I grew up in the 80s and 90s, I have never seen anything as atmospheric and terrifying as this wonderful piece of work. I am so glad that there are movies that inspire this type of terror. I loved the first 30 minutes of the film and was not afraid of it. It was a very well done film, especially the beginning, which was very frightening. This movie scared me so much I almost fell asleep.  I can remember the very intense and dark atmosphere that was created by the very creepy sound track. The atmosphere created by this film is not completely terrifying. It has a very eerie quality to it.  The sound track is great, especially when combined with the atmosphere created in the film's dark side. I think that the sound track has a lot of potential and could be used in many different types of films. It is very suspenseful and very terrifying. I would love to see this film again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the first film, and it has proved to be an excellent one.  The plot of this movie is really good, and I personally thought the movie was good, I don't really care about the acting or the characters, but I thought the direction was great and beautifully put together. The cast were great also, they were awesome and beautiful.  My favourite scenes were the opening scene, where the girls were all together, and the scene where the director, Mr.Grimmie, was showing them to Mr.Tobe and showed them how to dance. This scene was also awesome, when they were dancing together with Mr. Tobe, and all of a sudden the camera was showing their legs, they all looked amazing! Also the scene with the girls in the pool, was so amazing.  Overall I love the first movie, I wish it had more good acting, I also want to see the movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie blew me away! It's amazing and I hope it gets better! I love it and I think everyone else should as well! This movie is a great tribute to all those who were so brave to come together and form a beautiful, happy, fun movie. I hope that one day there will be a sequel to this great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best scenes in the movie is the beginning, when the main character is telling a story about the life of a girl who has been abused by her father, and how she came to appreciate her life after abuse. I love this scene, and will watch it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of an old man that can never go back to the old life he lived. His son and daughter that he has grown up with. He goes back in time and brings a lot of memories and the old ways. He also has some visions of his dead wife and tries to make the past come true.  The film is full of great humor and is well done. I really liked the portrayal of the old man. He was a wonderful guy with a great sense of humor and great sense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am not the biggest movie buff in the world. In fact, it is the second most recommended movie I have ever seen, right behind Rain Man. This is one of those films that you have to see in order to understand. In the beginning you see the first scenes of the film. The plot is good, the acting great and it is a great film. It was so awesome that I have decided to write this review for you. The movie is an awesome masterpiece. It is a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   If you like my other movie, "Maniac", "Mana", or "The Last Mimzy", you will love this movie.   The plot of this movie is simple and touching. The main character, Sam, a high school senior is playing a computer game and gets killed by his classmates. Sam wakes up, and finds out that he has a virus that is destroying his body.  The virus is causing Sam to lose his sense of identity and his ability to communicate with the world, and he needs to find out what is happening.  Sam's life slowly becomes increasingly difficult.  Slowly, his world starts to change.  One day, Sam discovers that he is not a computer virus, but instead, he is the living manifestation of an ancient, evil demon.  After Sam has been killed, Sam wakes in the hospital and his friends start to question his life and actions.  This movie is one of my favorites. If you enjoy my other two, you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies is the movie which is not only a romantic comedy. The main idea is to have an intelligent story about a talented and beautiful artist, but this is really a romantic movie, even if you are not interested in this movie. A beautiful cinematography, great performances from all the actors, great song, nice directing, great acting. The acting is also superb, the story is very touching, and there are some funny scenes.  The ending is the best of the movie. The end is a great conclusion of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies ever, I watched it when I was a kid and it still haunts me today. It is about a group of 15 teenagers who are playing in a field of ivy-clad trees. They are scared of the darkness, or the light, or both, and their fears of darkness cause them to run and hide in trees.  The film is very intense and in some parts the film seems to be more of a horror movie, but it is not. The characters are believable and so are the story. Also, the music is beautiful, but is not over dramatic. Also I have to say that I would have to rate this as one of the best music movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very emotional and beautiful movie. The story is about a young woman who meets an old woman who has an incurable disease and she seeks her help. The old woman, who seems to have cured her illness, shows her gratitude by giving the young woman everything she has. She also gives her daughter everything that she has, including the will to live.  The film is very emotional, beautiful and heartbreaking. If you are in pain or suffering from an incontinence, this film is not for you. If there is ever a time when you need to feel something and get that release from the body, then this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not going to bore you with details of the plot, because if you like it, you will get it. I will just tell you that the movie is well done, it has some great moments, it does have a bit of a plot, but then again, you have to remember, it is a movie.  I think the best line in the movie would be 'this is the story of the life of a cat who lives on two leashes.' The movie is great. It has some scenes that are hilarious, but overall, it was great fun.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a short, sweet and uplifting film with a message of change. It is a movie that celebrates women in their careers and how they are able to live with their dreams and be fulfilled in this life. It portrays a middle class Australian family struggling to live up to the dreams they have had for their entire lives. The story of the family's struggles and the journey they make through life's journey of self discovery, is a story not many Australian films do.  The story is made up of three stories in a way, with the story being one of the girls in the family being able to show her true self to her father. The director and the director of the story all do a great job in bringing the story to life and moving it in an engaging and touching way.   The other two stories are the stories of the main two characters and their struggles. The movie is not all about them, as it is about the girls' lives and struggles in their dreams. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I have seen the magnificent Albert Einstein (a.k.a. "The Father of the Universe") in a motion picture. Einstein's most famous work, the relativity theory of general relativity, is a classic example of what Albert Einstein was to do when he made a major contribution to the field of science. His theory of special relativity was groundbreaking and a significant step toward the understanding of the universe. Einstein gave his theories of special and general relativity a powerful interpretation that was very well suited to the new technologies of the time. Einstein was also a great influence on the young Carl Gustav Von Sternberg, a pioneer in quantum physics who pioneered the use of sub-atomic particles in his early works. Einstein showed how the human mind could perceive the quantum nature of the world, and he was to have a huge influence on scientists like Albert Brailler, who used his theories to make breakthroughs in fields like mathematics and chemistry.  This movie was released in 1969 as a sequel to the original Einstein-Briar collaboration. This movie features a lot more of Einstein-Einstein in his earlier movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all I'm not the biggest movie buff on IMDb (and I'm really not even the best IMDbers). My main love for this movie is the concept of a good guy and a bad movie. And I don't know if I've seen all the movie. I only watch a few of the others every year but I really like this movie. It is definitely a good, but not an amazing movie and I like the characters a lot. The movie was great and was funny and I would recommend it to people who like watching movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that you just HAVE to see. It's beautifully crafted, well-directed, and most importantly, it's a good story that really makes you think!  If you like me, it makes you want to see something similar, but I guess I didn't really know what I wanted to see until I saw this film. I was so impressed, so amazed! I'd never seen anything like this before, and I am very, very happy to see a movie that really surprises. This is really worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, if you were ever a huge fan of The Secret of NIMH (which I was) this is the movie for you. It is the funniest movie I have ever seen.  It is a love story between a group of friends who are interested in becoming horror fans.  Nima is a very brave guy. He has the ability to see hallucinations, and he can see what others see.  The acting is great, the acting is excellent, the music amazing and memorable, and the movie is well done. If you don't like The Secret Of NIMh, you will hate this movie. If there is one thing that I would like to add to this movie is the fact that it is NOT the original movie, it is the remake. I loved it as The Secret. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the original movie and enjoyed the remake. The remake is very faithful and is an excellent horror/monster movie.  The story is good, and the performances are great masterpieces from some great actors. The cast is great, and has great good performances by the leading actors. I liked the first movie a lot, and this movie is a tribute to the brilliant work of Anton Antonioni. The movie is not a remake, it's a tribute. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has everything that a movie should have, and masterfully created a unique, dark, twisted and gory fantasy world. The ending alone, is masterfully crafted to be a great horror movie, and there are many great scenes to be seen in this film, and I will not spoil anything. The whole movie is a masterpiece of art, and can be viewed on many different levels. The story itself, is dark, but not gruesome, and at times, can be very gruesome. The main character in this movie, is a human male, that wants revenge, to avenge his wife and family, and is willing to do anything for that. The movie is not for children, the gore is not graphic, the nudity is not adult, the language is not vulgar, and the special effects are awesome. The film also has an interesting plot, which has a very twisted twist, but a great twist.  This is an incredible film, that I hope to find it on DVD someday. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterpieces from the late 1940s and early 1950s were a definite improvement over the previous generation. This was a very good ensemble performance, although a number of others have claimed that the late director was biased against women. I find it difficult to believe that so many people were so impressed by this film that they found it disturbing, but I find that the film is a wonderful cinematic achievement.   If the film had come to an end when the story had reached its natural conclusion I would have given it an eight. The great performances by Rosie Lord, the late Joan Blondell and others make the movie great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is quite different from other movies in that the main character is not the typical hero, a typical "hollywood hero" movie, but a man who, in spite of his wealth, is lonely and unful of love.   It's quite sad that this movie was so great and so well done. I have seen many movies about this kind, but I haven't seen any that I liked.  This movie is about a man, his life, and his feelings about the person he lives with.  The only movie that I've seen was "The Man in the Moon". This movie shows that the person in the moon is a lonely person, who is lonely all the time.  In the end, we see that the movie is all about the main characters and the relationships between them.  I liked this movie and would recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say, this was one great film and I am very glad I watched it. It is beautifully directed, well acted, and very moving. It could have been much, much more beautiful, but it captures the essence of the film in a few words:  "I am the one who is able to see the world."  The world, it seems, is a place where things do not work out well for us.   The actors do their parts very well, and the story, which was very intriguing, has a very strong message.  I wish this movie would have been longer, because it could have made it more coherent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the perfect blend of westerns, period pieces, and a dash of social commentary. It is not too heavy, it is not sentimental, and it does not try to be complex. The characters are real and the story real and you don't have to take it at face value. The performances are great and the acting is great. I enjoyed it and recommend it to anyone interested in a romantic western. I would like to see this movie again and hope it gets better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful and touching movie! The story is about a young boy who's dream of becoming a professional wrestler and he has an amazing life and loves to watch his own creations! This is the story of a talented young boy and his dream of winning his first match. The story has some of the same themes as "The Young Frankenstein" and "Frankenstein", but there are some noticeable differences in the performances of the lead actors. The young Frankenstein is an amazing man. The other main actor is the talented actor of the main role.  The plot is very simple and the plot is interesting and very realistic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real gem. It's a wellmade, beautiful, and uplifting movie. I had never heard of this movie before, and I loved it.  This movie reminds me of the wonderful movie "Rescue of the Dreamers" (2002), as rendered by the great Steven Soderbergh. It reminds me to always remember and care for our dreams, and all the horrors and tribulations that we will meet.  It reminds us to always look out for the dreams of our youth. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am one of those movies you have seen in the last half century, but if you look at it and see the talent of the actors and see that this movie is very good, then I am sure that you will agree with me, it is one of the masterpieces of all time. I am surprised that this is one that has not been shown to the general public, that I have never seen it on the internet or any TV channel, and that it is being shown to my students, and to me, on my weekly television show.   If you can see this movie, you will see the true talent of these 2 great actors in my opinion. My student and I have only seen them in one movie, and we are stunned at how much talent there is in each of these guys.  This movie is not an insult to the great talents of all actors, but to me the best performance in the world is that of the one guy who played the part of the chief in the movie. He is very convincing and believable, and I really do hope that he gets to be seen in more movies in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to see a great movie this is the movie for you. This movie is very funny, and very very down to heart. The jokes are good, and the movie is cute and very down-to-heart. If you like to watch a good comedy this is not a bad movie. I will continue to watch it. This is a good, funny movie.   8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first heard about this movie when I was living in New York City and was looking for something to watch. The title of the movie, "The Great New York", intrigued me because it is an obvious reference to New York, the largest city in the world, but also the largest in the history of mankind. The movie was so beautifully done and so brilliantly cast, that it was impossible not to love this movie. I think that it is also because the acting in the movie is so wonderful. This movie was a true story about a true person, but was also entertaining.  I am a big fan of all the major Hollywood movies, but I think this movie was wonderful. The music in the song, "My Boyfriend's Back", and the song "You Are So Beautiful", was beautiful, and the film was also beautiful. It is not a bad movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say, after reading some of the other comments, that I didn't find this film to be too complex, but I found myself in a position of needing to try to understand it and find my own interpretation of it. I don't really care about the characters, but at the end I was able to see the film for what it was, what it wasn't. I think this film really has some of that power. The acting is great and the special effects fantastic. The direction is masterful, and I enjoyed every second of it, as did most of the viewers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, the premise is good. I like to read the book a few times before I watch a movie, but I don't think I could take that much in to my mind. It is a great book!  This movie is funny! I have seen it several times, and it never gets boring. It has many great ideas and it is very entertaining. The best part is that it is so realistic. It doesn't get boring after a few minutes. The ending is great, and the movie is very creative.  I am looking for more movies like this one.   8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not every movie that comes along that is so great, beautiful, beautiful and uplifting, as this one. It's a wonderful, touching story about people who are living their dreams, not just a few people who have dreams. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is brilliant in its simplicity. The cinematography is magnificent and the cinematography masterfully shows the passion and pain of love between the main characters. The story is touching and the end is surprising. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a strange way, this film shows the power of acting in a way never seen before. The actors pull it off well, and I found myself drawn into this film.  I found the story to be interesting and at times even touching, and in the end I felt the same as I did watching it, I was satisfied with the story.   The characters are all believable, and although the film isn't a masterpiece, it has something to be said for being an adult film. I am unsure if this is the best I have ever seen, but in the same way as "The Sound of Music", I found this film to be a masterpiece in a strange sort. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was an enjoyable and beautiful experience. I saw it in the early summer of 1988 when I was 25 years old and was in the midst of my first serious relationship. This movie is about the time in your life when you begin to realize that there is something about life, other than yourself, that is not just materialism and materialism. It's not about a desire for materialism, but about the nature of living and of relationships.  The characters are all believable and the movie is a wonderful illustration of the complexities of human relationships. I wish more people would see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those masterpieces. It's a beautiful, and I think the best movie ever. I don't think I've seen such great acting from my 11-year-old niece and she makes an outstanding performance. I think this is an excellent movie. I have watched it at least twice and both times I haven't regretted it. I'm not sure what I liked about it, but the best scene is the one where a girl says, "I'm going to be with you all to die. I love you." The acting is great, especially from the actors, especially the actors in the movie, and there's great acting here. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who was interested in seeing this film, I am pleased to note that it is available in a small number of cinemas around the UK. This is a pity as this was a good film, and a must see for any film fan.  I saw it on the weekend with a friend. We were pleased to see it was a low budget film, but thought it was well worth it.  We were also impressed by the performances of the two main characters, they were convincing as the girl who was in love with the guy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the movie several times but I haven't always been as happy as the previous comment.  I am definitely going to watch it again and I think it is a great movie.  It isn't all the great stuff but I like it very much, I have no doubts about this movie but I do think it has the charm and the humour of "The Adventures of Pluto Nash". I think this is the best film in the history of mankind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original animated show was a fun one with my friends and we made up our own characters. I loved the first one, but this one really struck me as a good one. It had a similar tone to "My Neighbor Totoro". However, it was not that great! In this one, we all had the same attitude and thought the same way. My favorite part was at the beginning when the family gets together and they all make up their own characters, like "My Mommy" and "My Daddy". My other favorite part is at the end when they all give their stories about the things they've been through in their lives. In conclusion, I thought that "My Favorite Martian" was a great cartoon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first half of the movie is fantastic, the plot is great, the performances masterfully nuanced and beautifully layered, and the direction masterfully captures the essence of life and the universe. The second half of this great movie, on the other hand, focuses on the story of the little girl, a girl who wants to know her mother, her life, and ultimately find her own place in the universe, where she can be as big as she ever dreamt up. The acting here is brilliant, the script masterfully masterfully crafted, the direction beautiful and the beautiful cinematography masterfully beautiful.  All in all, a great film. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The best film is THE HURRICANE, from the director of BULLDOG (2002). It is not about the old and familiar, BULL-DOG, but it is about a couple of the younger, anglophile children of the family, who are now adults, and a plot to try to make them responsible for their actions. This film was made to try and bring them into the spirit of BOTH parents, but this movie succeeded beautifully. In this film the characters are all familiar with the theme, and the whole audience is made to feel their pain as their mother, a widow who is in dire need of money, tries to move past her bad habits and find meaning in the world again. In a small village a family is struggling to make a living, and when the youngest, BOTH of them, decide to be faithful and to give up their dreams of owning a home to BOTH adults, they have to face the consequences of their actions, but can't really help themselves.  The film is about how a mother (Dorothy, who is also a very anglophobe) takes a road trip and comes back home and takes the children back to her childhood, while her husband (Jared, a former cop) tries to deal with his feelings of loss. As the story goes on, Dorothy's life slowly progresses, as she tries to heal her broken relationship with her own life, while Jared slowly learns to appreciate his own family, and as a result his behavior towards his kids, including his sister, becomes more and more stable.  One of the great things about this film is the fact that the whole time is filmed in a forested area in Nepal. I would have been able to tell the story of Dorothy from this film alone. This is probably one of the most important aspect of the film, and I recommend this film to anyone looking for a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first scene in the movie - the opening credits - is very atmospheric, with the characters - especially the mother - standing out clearly. Then the story takes us to the seaside town of Hastings, where the main characters are playing around on the roofs, where a sea breeze is blowing. The movie takes us there, with some scenes showing us the wind blowing, and some more intense moments of wind and waves. The director then shows us a beautiful setting where the wind is blowing, as well as the sea - this is the place where the sea meets the land, so that the sea is almost at the surface. The atmosphere is pleasant, and the sound is beautiful, as is the sound of the wind whistling through the air. The film then follows the characters in their daily lives, with a few more intense scenes. In the end the film is very close to the actual events of the actual voyage, which took place in October 2002. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great story with great acting. A beautiful cinematography. A great imagination. A perfect romantic ending. A touching story about a very ordinary couple, a very happy time, a good time, and the simple things in life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A very intriguing film. The movie's title and concept may be familiar, it may not, but I would certainly not be surprised if it wasn't. It is definitely not 'Wuthering Heights', but it is very close. The two stories are so intertwined and work together in a way that it is hard to know which one is which.  I also like the concept of 'the widescreen', but the fact that it was such a wides screen makes the entire movie work better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode of this brilliant series was on British television and the opening scene was very much like the one which was to be shot on a studio set on a London back lot in the mid-60's. The set was a large rectangular building, with a large balcony to it's right, with another large building across the rear of it, which was the studio set.  The plot itself is very similar to the movie, although there is a much more limited story. There are a number of different set pieces to the series, which are not detailed in this article. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie, but I wanted to note that I'm not a big film buff, but this was a great, great movie overall. I liked the acting and the plot of this movie was brilliant. I especially liked how the beautiful scenery was chosen so that you could really see the magnificent view. I love the setting. The movie itself was very interesting, and I like the special effects. I think this movie captures the feeling of being on the edge of your seat all the way to the end. The soundtrack was awesome. The beautiful and breathtaking cinematography masterwork was amazing.  I recommend this movie to anyone interested in a good story, but not a movie that I would rate highly. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very romantic movie with a good plot, although the ending could be better. The movie contains good acting, good direction, beautiful cinematography, great music, good music direction and great music score. It is very romantic in the beginning and very romantic during the last scenes.  This movie is about a mother who decides to take her two daughters out on a boat trip when the wind is blowing and she is taken away by an unexpected friend. When she gets to the beach, she finds that her daughter has disappeared and she runs to find her. The two girls have become stranded and can't find the way to get into the water. The wind is rising and the temperature is dropping, and the girls need help.   One of the most romantic and sad endings in movie history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised with this film. It surprised me to find that I had great expectations from the film. If you like me, I suggest you see it, but don't expect anything spectacular, because this film has so much great story and great performances, it's a great masterpiece. I've seen it about 5 times now and every time I see it I get a little scared. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a good story. It is a very intense and brutal movie. The performances of the actors are great masterpieces. The cinematography masterpieces brilliant. The sound stunning. The beautiful photography. The exquisite cinematography beautiful. The great acting and the great cinematography great masterworks beautifully. The director has chosen the perfect moment to capture the full horror horror atmosphere. This movie will be hard to find. It will not scare you. The acting is masterful and brilliant. the beautiful cinematography brilliantly magnificent.  10/10 masterpieces in this masterpiece. 10/5 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was never a big fan of Anne-Marie Johnson's music, and the movie was wonderful - I liked it because the story is really touching and so sad for the writer/director - it is a very strange story of a man with a deep past who seeks out his daughter, his wife, his daughter's girlfriend, his brother and finally his wife. I also like the characters, especially the sister of the main character, but I don't think the story itself was unusual. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As much as it sounds, this is a story of transformation. The actors are great in their respective roles, the direction masterfully works and it all works beautifully. It all captures the essence of the movie. It is not a story about a movie, but about a life.  It is a sad movie. If you watch this, you will understand that it is a movie of transformation and you will find meaning in every moment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a well-made movie with lots of good acting, good story, good direction, great production design and great music. I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie. It is the best I have seen from any movie that is based on the true story of two families in Israel. The story was very believable and touched my heart. I am so sorry that the truth will be revealed to the public.  The acting was great especially the mother who played the role of a Jewish mother. She is very sad and has many troubles in her life.  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. The true story should be exposed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the first part of the trilogy that i have seen in the last 4 years. I can't remember the last one but it was the best so i am glad i went to see it. It was amazing and i was so surprised when it came to the ending and was so great that i was surprised to find out it was all a dream and then what happened to the real world and all my memories returned. I love it now and i will continue to watch. This is not just a romantic story, it was a dream! The best part is when they meet in the real life and she says that it will be in 3 days or whatever. She told me she has never seen a bus or train, so she could never tell me. I thought it was so funny to say it like that and that it made her seem like a spoiled brat. It is so funny and makes me sad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Odd Man Out" is a great romantic comedy that mixes humor, romance, drama and tragedy in an unusual way. The film is directed by Peter Bogdanovich and stars Brooke Shields and Christopher Reeve. The story begins with a beautiful, but naive young woman being tormented by her abusive father. This is not the typical Hollywood film that has sex and sex with the same people. Instead, it has the power to make the viewer question: is it right or is it wrong that someone should get hurt in such a beautiful setting? In the end, "Oodd Man Out"'s best friend, played by Reeve, decides to make up with her in a way that is truly meaningful. The final result is not just a great movie, but a very real emotional roller coaster. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of the film is actually very intriguing. It is based on the actual facts of the life of one of the most famous people of the time: the great 19th-century painter Vincent Van Damme. His art was essentially a form of expressionistic expressionism, although he was also a very visual artist. His work is characterized by a tendency to present pictures of abstract ideas, which are at the same time pictures of everyday life, which he sometimes found shocking, and which sometimes just seemed out of place and not quite "real" or "true".  Van Dammen was a very prolific painter, and his works are a great deal of artistic expression. His paintings are filled with an almost surreal atmosphere. He paints some sort of portrait of abstract art, but the artist himself is a very powerful visual artist and his art is very powerful and very disturbing. In the same way that the movie is a visual art, it is also disturbing.  The story of the movie also has very little relation to the actual life of Van Dammes, and this is probably the main reason why the movie isn't better known. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I really enjoyed the ending scene in this movie, it made me realize that this was the real person who played the part.  Second, the movie shows the life of a person who has fallen to drug addiction, the way it has affected their life, and the effects it has had on their loved ones.  Third, it shows that there are many ways to recover from drug addiction. One can either:   1. Seek help and support from someone who understands the disease  or  2. be completely drug free, live a drug free life    3. choose the third option.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the 2002 Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Film Festival. It has become a cult classic. I found myself looking at my watch every time the film started and, every time I stopped looking, I saw my heart pounding. A wonderful story and I would love to know what other people thought about this film and how can I get in touch with anyone who thinks they are gay or bi and say, "I am". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that many people would like to see. The story is something that is really very close to the original, and the way the movie is filmed, it is very, very impressive. The cinematography is great, and there are great great performances from all the actors. The music is beautiful, and is very memorable.  I have not seen this movie before, so I will give my verdict right now: stunning fantastic beautiful masterpiece. It has great performances, great beautiful cinematography, great great beautiful beautiful, great magnificent cinematography and great great acting. And I think that this is one of the best performances of this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A great movie! The only really bad thing about this movie is the acting by Rainer Werner and the beautiful cinematography of Ernst Lubitsch. Brilliant acting, stunning cinematography, superb directing. I really enjoyed it and would recommend this movie to anyone interested in a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this story a young woman, a mother, and her child are traveling through the desert when they encounter a tribe of Persians.  Soon they find themselves attacked by a large, ravenous beast which has the strength of 30 people and the speed of 120 kph.  It seems that this ravenous creature was able to pass through the thick foliage and walk across the snow and ice of the arctic regions. However, the ravenous attacker grows tired and eats the mother's body after she and her daughter are attacked.  The mother and daughter are safe and the raven is killed. The raven returns to the mother and finds her in her bed, surrounded by life-size stone images of women with different hair and other decorations. The mother is also attacked, and dies as she falls to the ground.  However, another raven is attracted to the scene and the woman's image begins to haunt her.  Later, the woman wakes up in the woods of the Arvidean arctic region and tells her story of how she and some Persians traveled through the arid and harsh environment to find food.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, the movie is well done and the plot is great. The direction and cinematography masterfully move the story and the camera perfectly to follow the journey of two lonely souls, who live in a small English village. The villagers are so kind and welcoming, they will take time to get to know each other. One is a doctor and the other a soldier, they all live in the same house and have the same problems. The cinematography is great and the cinematography flawless. The music is stunning and works best in the dark scenes, the music also fits the scenes perfectly.  I like the movie very much, and I like this movie very well. The cast is great especially the two main actors, the doctor and his soldier. The story is so simple, so beautiful and so honest, that it seems it will never end. I will give this movie a 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm not very fond of watching movies from this genre, so I've always been very interested. I've never been a big fan of Bollywood films but I did enjoy the last one, so here we are. This is a fun, simple, but very well made and well made movie. The music is by Indian musician Pakeezah who also made a lot of good, popular Indian music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a true masterpiece. I was very surprised by the performance of Alison Lohan in this film. Alison Lohr is stunning as the heroine. She's beautiful and sexy. I'm not surprised by her performance because of her very good and natural beauty. The plot is great, the beautiful cinematography masterly brilliant. I can't wait to see more of Alison. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you don't watch the movie, don't miss this gem of a movie. Its got a lot of great scenes, some great directing, and great acting all together. I give this movie a solid 7/10. Its great fun and a very well made movie. The movie has a lot more action and its a lot better overall. I've seen a lot movies that were better than this and this is by no means one of them. The only thing I liked about the movie was that it had a very short runtime, which was a plus. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film and a perfect cast for a low budget movie. The best part is when the movie is in the woods near the cabin and you can hear the wind whistling. The movie is quiet masterfully crafted and beautifully photographed. I loved the acting by the two actors in the movie. I especially loved the beautiful scenery and the beautiful setting. I think that it is a perfect setting for a film like this. I would love to see more movies that are set in woods and woods and in rural settings. It is a romantic setting. This is a film about love and about family and it is hard to do anything that is not natural. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a sucker for a good story and a good one, especially if it has a good ending. I was pleasantly surprised by this movie, it was a real great story, and I really enjoyed the acting and directing, but it wasn't a typical B movie. This was a great movie with great acting, great directing, great settings, great photography and great special effects. It was a beautiful story that has good ending and a great acting. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes great stories, a good end to a good life story, a great setting, great music, a special effect, and a beautiful setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a remake of a very original play, which it was very popular in the 18th century England. The original play was about the story of a man who lives with a strange obsession. A man is driven to murder people and tries to stop at nothing. He does it again and again, but it goes from great horror to great comedy. This is an extremely suspenseful, brilliant, and very disturbing movie. The acting is good and the plot is unique and very intriguing. It can be hard to believe when watching this movie, which is not something I try to do, but the fact that this movie is a bit more complex and well-thought out makes me feel more scared, but this movie still packs a lot of tension and scares the hell out of me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie from the first episode. I was so amazed at what the story of the young Carlito would have been had he been a teenager. But after a long time I was amazed at how beautiful the film was. The plot was great, the acting brilliant, and the beautiful cinematography brilliant. I am amazed that so few people have commented on this film, as they all seem to know about this film. I'm surprised that anyone would try to describe it as a "love story", which is the most flattering thing that can be said about this movie. I would describe it in more ways than that, if that is possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I first saw this movie when I was about 15. I loved it! The acting was great great, the beautiful scenery great, and the wonderful music beautiful. The beautiful movie reminded me of the wonderful, wonderful movie that I saw at the end of the first part of this series. I was surprised by this movie. The story and the cast are great and I hope they keep this movie moving.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First off, this is the great movie. I would rate it higher than the great western. It was the real western that never became popular in the west. The western was a rugged western. The great western was the cowboy who rode with his rifle and his hatchet. He took a circuit of major events and made a statement. It is this statement that westerners made about the west that made the west popular.   I found the story interesting. The movie reminded me of a scene in my life, when I rode with my father and was riding the trail through the Bighorn mountains in Montana. The story reminded me what a wild west person was like. I was a western person. I wasn't as wild as my father was. I just was a person that did something with my mind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie had me laughing and crying and just as I thought it was starting it became great and great and wonderful. The ending was great and so was the story and this movie is a great film to show how to do a great story. It is a movie for anyone who likes movies that are real to life but this one was great.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie, that is a must, it's a great plot and the acting is great also, and the beautiful cinematography beautiful and great use of great music.  It's not an action movie, it is a beautiful movie with good music and great cinematography. It's a good story, it can be a very good movie.  10/10 great movie 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was very impressed by this movie...it is a very good film. I think that there is a lot of great acting in this movie. I also like the plot and the ending a lot. I just like the overall look of the movie.  This movie is very emotional. If you like me and enjoy dark and depressing movies like this one, you will love this movie!  I have seen some bad movies and this one is very good. I am not against dark and depressed movies but this one was perfect. I would love to see this movie again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film was a brilliant work and I was amazed at the time, place and technique that it took to realise that it could be made. This is an emotional, visual and brilliant portrayal of the time.  The story concerns the lives of three women living in the same apartment. They share a flat that they share and the flat is a large one. It's not long before one of the women starts to suspect that she is not the only one in the flat and begins to act erratically.   This is the story of two women that live in the apartment with a little mystery and wonder. The two women in the building are caught in a web of deceit and it all goes very well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the first movie and am always a big fan of Jane Austen's work. I was hoping for something more, but the best I can say about this movie is it made me yearn for it again. The characters are all strong, and they interact beautifully with each other and with the audience. The director did a great job also, he captures the characters so vividly, you could not feel the sadness they felt, and it's all in good grace. It's a pity he didn't use the famous quotes from the book, the actors were superb, and I really like the direction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie because it was not so gory, yet scary. There are some great gothic moments and one of the creepiest parts is at the beginning when a goth walks in and you can see him in silhouette and he's almost invisible! And there are some good goth moments and the ending is great. The best part of the movie is when the goth is finally found and you have to see him as a ghost. I don't really know how you can watch this masterpiece and still find yourself scared! It's a great movie!  7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great film and I thought it was well made, the story is realistic and very believable and the acting was superb especially from the three main characters, each with a great emotional range, and I liked the way that the characters are drawn and how they interacted.  The ending is very touching and very sad, very emotional and very strange, but it does not end. This movie is more about the lives of these characters and their journey to some place and how their lives are intertwined.  This film has great music and I recommend it to anyone interested in watching a movie that is disturbing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was watching this film about 5 years ago, it was one of the great films from director Fred Schepisi.I saw it on the Sci-Fi channel, and it blew me away. I saw it when it came out, and I haven't seen it again, so I don't know how I feel about it now. I would definitely recommend this to anyone.  It is interesting and not so cheesy, but I love sci-fi movies, and this was definitely a good one. It was not cheesy, just great fun. I have seen it so many times I was afraid of spoiling it. It has a lot of great moments in the movie, and the plot is very interesting, although it is not as good as some other movies, I would recommend it to anyone interested in sci-Fi, and definitely not to anyone who likes to watch great movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the movie and the idea of a movie that is so beautiful and fun.  It has the same concept as "Worst Case Scenario" from "Walking Tall" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very atmospheric piece of film-making in a very natural setting. I've never seen anything like this before but I've seen some pretty bad films. I don't know why this works so well. This is an eerie film with great acting and great cinematography. I saw the first half in my childhood and I've been to the cemetery and cemetery in Maryland and never seen the cemetery before. I thought it was creepy. It makes me scared for the souls of those people who were murdered. It also made me sad for them.   If you see this film, it is eerie. It is a noir atmosphere of the American graveyard. It isn't a real cemetery and the cemetery is in the woods. It's a place of the dead. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've seen in a long time was the movie "Hundstage" ("Dancer in the Dark"), directed by Ernst Ritter. It's very dark and a bit silly. The movie was good in a dark and had some nice scenes (like the beginning and the ending), but the movie is great. I like the movie because it has some very good acting and beautiful cinematography. The cinematography is great and the beautiful scenes very great. The story is not too dark, dark, and has some good music, but it is very dark. I would like to recommend the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best documentary about the World Trade Center tragedy of September 11th 2001 is now available on DVD, and can be viewed as either a horror or a comedy. The documentary is in stark black and white, and is a must see if you want to know the truth. The acting is excellent, and the cast is impressive, especially the great performances by Jack Black and William H Macy. A MUST SEE FOR ALL AGES!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like my last film, The Last Picture of Dr. Fu Manchu, you will love this movie! I have seen this film so many times I just wanted to say it is not so bad as the others... I give this film great attention to detail, and it shows the power of the director in creating a great character. The actors are great, the movie is awesome and I love the scene where the movie starts to end brilliantly! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very funny, and a very strange movie. It has a few good jokes in it. There are two funny moments. One is when you have to make a choice between a few options and you are given a few choices. It is a strange and somewhat confusing movie. The other is when they are on a plane and you have a strange feeling all over the plane.  If you are interested, it is a good and strange movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was watching this movie with my parents when it came out, and we found it to be very inspirational, and I still have nightmares about it. The acting was great and great, the music beautiful, beautiful, and beautiful. The movie is a masterpiece of the director, the writer, and the director's great imagination. The whole movie is amazing and I recommend people to watch this wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film of this masterful piece of film, was in 1998, and I've never seen anything more beautiful, or more surreal, than this film. This film is the masterpiece of director Jean-Luc Nancy and it's a masterpiece of art. This movie isn't an art-movie, it's art-imagery. The movie is stunning, it isn't pretentious, it is a real art-film. It has some beautiful scenes, it has some surreal and dark scenes, and it has very good actors. Jean-Claude Van Damme, the great actor from the Van Dammes, is perfect in his role. He plays a great character, he is a very interesting character. The story is very good, the actors are great, the direction is great. Jean Luc Nancy, the director, masterfully captures all these aspects and he also masterfully portrays the story.  The movie really deserves an 8/10, since it is very surreal, it doesn't try to do much symbolism, but rather, it makes a great surreal movie. I recommend this movie to all the fans of surreal and surreal art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie about 4 years ago and have been searching for it ever since. I have always been fascinated by this film, since it has been banned by the government in India and I would like to know why. However, after seeing the movie for the first time, I had the urge to read some book about it and discovered this film was actually quite shocking, especially in the scenes dealing with the impact of the war on India. The cast in this film has some great performances and all the supporting characters have been well drawn, especially the lead actress. The movie is disturbing and is not for everyone, especially children. The songs have been banned and the movie has not been made into a musical, but I have found the song "Koyi na koyi namani na koi" from the movie very disturbing, but unfortunately not in the same way as the song by the main heroine in the movie. I would recommend this film to anyone who is interested in the history of the Indian army. I am not a fan of Amitabh, who was the inspiration for the movie, but if you want to watch a disturbing movie, don't miss this one. It is quite disturbing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this film could be the great masterpiece of all time. The beautiful cinematography, the beautiful acting, great directing, brilliant beautiful cinematographic and great music all made this film great. I think this is one great film, I wish there was a DVD release soon. I would like to see more of this magnificent film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film that is at times a bit reminiscent of Ingmar Bergman's The Tenant, another story about an elderly couple, playing on their own land, but this time around they are a couple with a little kid on their back and a yard full of fruit. It's a story of transformation in this way that it could become a very different story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most overlooked of independent films, "A Chorus Line" was made by British director Brian Flemming in 1988, and after a successful festival in London Flemme's "Achorion" was a huge hit. The script, as written by John Rolade, was very powerful, and the direction brilliant. The main problem with the film is that the whole thing works beautifully together. Flemmie is one of the great actors of his time, and Rolades was one of his contemporaries. "AChorion, A Chorus" is a magnificent piece of work, and it is not only a film, but a very powerful work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A man with a heart of gold" is an excellent film to watch with friends and family, it features some great performances by Rain Man and Michael Dudikoff, and some great music, i found this film to be inspirational, it is like the best movie i have ever seen in my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this film at the PhillyFF film festival and the audience left the theater feeling like a real treat! The film is a wellmade and beautiful story about the friendship of a high school senior and a former high school wrestler, with the ending involving their dreams and the power of teamwork and the possibility of a future. The acting is great, and the story is full of adventure and action! I recommend this movie to anyone interested in something different and unique. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, the film was well written and beautifully directed. I was amazed how the two main characters of the film - the one playing the detective and the other the cop - could both be from the same city. The acting was great and the film captured some emotions that I am used to dealing with everyday life and it showed me the difference between the two. The plot of the story is a little weak. I like the ending and I think it may have been influenced by the American police, especially after 9/11.  Overall, great film, great acting and great acting. I think this is a great movie to rent. I don't recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the second entry in the "Night Gallery" series. This movie is very atmospheric and atmospheric and is full of mood, atmosphere, and suspense. It contains a very creepy atmosphere. The sound effects and the camera movements are stunning. The cinematography is beautiful. The lighting brilliant. The settings are beautiful. A beautiful sound track. The overall effect is very good and is the perfect compliment to the superb acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this at the Berlin´s film festival and i loved it. I think that this is a very good film with a good story and very good direction. The plot is very simple, there´s a lot of suspense and you´s scared of the end. It´s also very disturbing in the beginning and it´s very intense in the end, not to mention the performances of the actors and the actors. The film is very shocking. The acting is great, the movie is very interesting and scary and the movie´s so dark that it is almost dark. Very scary, very disturbing. A good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love to see the film again with my kids. They still ask, "Why can't we watch this when we get older?" My answer, of course, is that it's a timeless tale about a small, but brave group of heroes, a team of four (the four kids), the bonds of childhood, and the love of animals. The movie has an emotional impact on children, and it leaves them questioning and questioning. This movie also inspires children to be active and make a difference in the world.  I am glad to see that this film was on DVD, so I could watch it when it came out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of those movies that you never knew was coming. It is a beautiful and strong movie with excellent cinematography and great directing. It also comes highly recommended by a number of people who have seen the movie, so it is no wonder that this movie is well liked.  The story of a family who is torn apart by war, is of interest to anyone who is not a parent or a war veteran. It seems that in the middle of all the crap that has been stirred up by the two parents, that all of a sudden the two suddenly decide that they will stop fighting. They want to stay together as a family, even though it is not in their best interest to fight. I recommend this movie to anyone wanting a good, dark story. I give it a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the master piece of acting that i have ever seen. i enjoy the dialogue and the direction but the great acting in this movie is wonderful and stunning. i just love the beautiful scenery, beautiful people and amazing music. you will find this movie to be very moving. and i like the plot very much. the plot is very good and the story is very interesting and i am very happy with this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an emotional journey through a time when, in a small town in Florida, the entire town prayed for rain to come to the town and to the river. In a small community, the flood is not a very serious event. There is still hope.    The director, James Stewart, directed this film with great insight and vision, and as he saw how the flood was coming in, and how it was being taken care of by the community and by the government, he prayed for the rain to not come. In that time, it was a major event.  This film is about the community's struggle to keep from going under the rising water. The acting is superb. The music is great, and the whole film is beautiful and uplifting. The cast is wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a big Ramones fan, but I have to admit to having fallen in love with this movie when it first appeared in 1988, when I saw it at the video store. And I have definitely watched it since, and will continue to do so.  If you like a good, funny, twisted movie, this is it.    I don't know why the Ramones fans hate this movie, but it just isn't that popular.  In my opinion, the film is unique in that it doesn't try to be sophisticated at the same time as it is extremely accessible to the youth. It's got a lot of slap stick humour, but that's not the only thing that works.  It is very violent, but at the end of the day, it's still not really a movie that will shock you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have to say that I liked this film because I am a huge Drew Barrymore fan. The film shows how she can not only be a top-notch star, but can also be a complete human being. In other words, a very talented individual.  I thought that the whole movie was excellent masterfully crafted and brilliantly directed. A great storyline, great cinematography, great directing. Excellent performances all around. Excellent entertainment. Perfect entertainment. Brilliant entertainment. Masterfully great entertainment. Great entertainment. Enjoy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It was an exciting day for me and I had been looking for the perfect romantic movie to watch with my wife and I. I went to see it and enjoyed it, it was a great movie for a couple of hours. I loved it, but not as much as other romantic movies I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a nice experience and it was well-acted. It made me feel for the people living in the ghetto and it made me sad to see how innocent and hard life can be.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a masterful portrayal of an unhappy wife and mother, and I loved it because it was a film about real people and real life, not about the world of television or the latest Hollywood blockbuster. I thought the film had great realism and depth. I was very surprised at how well the film portrayed the relationship of the two main characters. I also felt sorry for the family because they were so unhappy and I was scared for them because the father had changed. They were so close and I felt for them all. I could not believe it, but they were both just ordinary people who just couldn't decide what they wanted to do. The ending made me sad because I thought they were all going to be killed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes is in the last 5 minutes with the cast of the main characters and a magnificent car chase scene with all the actors running in the background.  This movie is definitely one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I was watching this movie, I was fascinated by the characters and was very impressed by the beautiful setting of the film. It had all the charm and flavour of the Italian countryside and of the late 60's. The photography was stunning, the cinematography beautiful and the acting superb. I found the story very moving and very believable, but there was also a lot of tragedy, which I could also understand.  The movie was shot in the summer of 1972 and I was surprised that there was so little rain in the Italian hills during that time. The setting was stunning and the soundtrack was haunting and memorable. The film is a classic Italian tragedy, full of sadness and tragedy, and is probably the best film ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   If you want to see a great movie, watch this. I enjoyed this film from start to finish and hope to make more of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was going to go back to the start and see my first film and it's amazing how creative and creative and wonderful this movie is. I think the movie is masterfully done and I enjoyed it all. It's very emotional, it's a realistic and touching portrayal of life, and there is great acting. The story is very interesting and I recommend to anyone interested in the story of life and death. This movie will surely become a cult classic! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm going to try to remember the first time I saw this film (at age 8) but I still have vivid flashbacks. And, I've watched it over a hundred times.  But, what I can say is that if you like me, you will enjoy it.  The film is filled with adventure. It isn't all that good and it isn't cheesy, either. It's full of fantastic special effects and a very original plot. It is really not a typical "Citizen Kane" - the film is more like an exploration of an interesting subject.  If you like this film, don't watch it alone with others, watch it with your friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise is simple. What if the very idea of a "lost era" of human history and a "new era" brought about by the events of WWII was true?  If the movie was based on true facts, then the movie would be great. It's a wonderful film that's been shown several times on PBS.  It's not a history lesson, and it's not trying to "explain" or "exploit" the war. It is just a very interesting movie, not trying, but showing a side of humanity that is sometimes selfish and stupid.  I'm glad I caught it on the History channel. I'll continue to search for it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie at the Philadelphia, PA Sci-Fi festival. It is a modern update of the classic Frankenstein story.  The plot has a modern twist. The story of the brilliant scientist Dr. Louis Pasteur is a little different. He was not the brilliant inventor of the modern day version of the famous story. He worked on his own unique and wonderful invention. His son, Louis Pasteurs, also worked on a similar invention. He did not invent his own brilliant version.   The movie is also filled with action and suspense. The cast is strong and includes some great actors. The plot is good. The direction works very well. The movie also has great special effects and great music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first scene of the film is a beautiful setting, a small, peaceful and peaceful island, and the beach is quiet and beautiful. The story is about the family's happiness and how it slowly comes together. The film opens with a scene in the home where the family is preparing for the summer. In this scene, the family meets the animals, the birds, and a bird, which they call a "bird-eater".  The scene is so beautiful, so natural, and so powerful, that it is sometimes disturbing. This is one of those scenes.  The plot of the movie is one big step, which takes you through the various stages of the family life, and you will have many questions as you go along. The first thing I have to say is, if I were a parent, would I do everything the animals do in order to make them happy? If I was a parent myself, I would never, ever, do that. It is a wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked the first movie, then you will like this movie. If you didn't, then watch it and see what I have to say about it.  The best part of the movie was the wonderful acting of the lead actors, the great cinematography beautifully captured scenes, great special FX and great music.  My only complaint is that the movie is long. It has a nice plot, and the fantastic characters make the movie great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie opens with a very powerful and shocking ending, which I believe to be the original. The beginning is frightening and terrifying, and the ending, terrifying and sad. The main character is an old woman, who lives alone in a large, dark house, and whose husband has committed suicide. They spend the night in the dark, and she comes back to the living room to find a very disturbing sight. She tells her story to her sister-in-law and the two soon learn that she is haunted by the man who she thought killed her husband, and that the woman who killed her actually haunts her dreams.  The two have to escape from this nightmare, and find their way into the dark house and its den of torment, to escape the woman's torment.  It is very scary and I highly recommend the movie to anyone who has nightmares or anyone who thinks they might have a nightmare.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the story develops and the relationship between the main characters is something that you don't have to see to believe, and you'll enjoy it if you're willing to watch the movie.  The movie features some great cinematography and some great special effects, and it's something that was definitely not easy to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Rochester, NY, USA - I was a junior at RIT in 1974 and I saw the movie the next year, and it still haunts me. It had the energy of a great play. The way the actors and the director make it work and make you jump and jump and not just keep watching and jump but also give you a different experience. The music is great, and the film itself is very entertaining, and I am going to go watch it again. I'm not even sure if it will be on the video store shelves in the next couple of months, and if so, I would suggest calling up your local library to get it. It is worth renting for kids, and even if you are a parent, I don't think you will want to see this movie unless you are interested in watching the movie again and want to show your kids the magic of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short, but powerful movie. It's a powerful movie with good story and acting, and is probably one of my favorites. I really like this movie and think that it could be easily missed.  It's the story of a doctor and his assistant, their relationship is about to be destroyed by a mysterious virus that is destroying the human race. They meet in a hospital, they start to see each other and get the urge to communicate.  This movie is about a doctor that is very close to the end of his career, and his wife and his family are worried sick because of him.   It was a very powerful film, and I recommend that you watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never heard of this show, but it was always a treat for me. I've been watching this show for years, and was surprised at how different it was from the cartoon, and I can tell you the difference now.  My favorite part of the show is the animation of the animals. The animals in this show have very expressive faces and very expressive voices, but this show is all about animals and animals.  I can't think of anything more to say, but if you have a pet, and you like to watch this show every once in a while, you will love this show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is a masterful piece of art. I have seen it over twenty times now and it still cracks me up. The acting is superb, the visuals beautiful, and the music great. The story is great, especially the end. It's not an emotional story. The movie itself is great at all, and I recommend it to any moviegoer. I look forward to seeing it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a very interesting and good-looking thriller. The main characters are well developed, and it also seems to have an intelligent plot and beautiful cinematography.  I also like the way the film shows the characters' relationship with the main character, but the movie doesn't overdo that either. It doesn't try to be something over the top and sentimental, and there isn't much over the edge emotion either.   Overall, this is a great movie. I think it deserves an 11, and i'd be willing to give it a 7. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised when I saw this movie for the first time and I loved every second of it! I really want to mention that I have never seen any of the other movie with so many good actors and I can't remember what my reaction was when I was watching it. So I'm not really surprised that this one surprised me.  It is so funny, touching and beautiful that it could even be used as a basis for a romantic comedy. It also shows the extreme danger of the modern world and the fact that this movie has been watched over 1000 times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode of this show was great.  The other episodes, which were the last ones, were all great, but still i thought this was a great episode.  It wasn't a show that i've seen in years, and the next show i saw was "the new normal"  It has so many great parts. i mean it's great and funny. the story is cool and the cast is great. it is so funny i thought the next episode was going to be amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this short but sweet tale of romance, a girl falls for a boy and he has to take care of her and find his place in the world. This is an unusual love story with a twist of tragedy at its end, which is why I rated this film so high. It is very realistic and down to heart, I would give it an 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the great romantic anime I've ever seen and it made me fall in love with a very endearing side character.  The story focuses on the relationship between the two main characters, Kei and Ryoko. It's an interesting story of love and friendship. It makes sense that this would be a perfect anime for a couple wanting to escape their situation in the world. The acting is superb, particularly from the cast. The special effects are great, as are the music and visuals. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is one of those masterpieces. I think it's best seen by those who love the music. It is so creative, so stylized, and so moving, that I have to see it to believe it, and I love it. I hope that they will take the next step and realize that the only reason that people won't like it is because of the fact that the main song was not written by one of the two major songwriters, but by one brilliant director. This is a beautiful, romantic and very emotional movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line is simple. In this case, it is about the desire for freedom of speech, of speech. It was this desire that brought about the creation of a website. I was drawn to the story because it is so similar to my own personal experience, which I had at age 13. I had been bullied by teachers and authorities in school, at times it was hard to go to sleep at night. In some countries, this is not even taught, so it is a taboo subject. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie starts out with an interesting story line, and the main characters are all very interesting, but it's a great movie. I can't remember the last time I was so entranced by it that I didn't feel so good about it, and I really don't know why I did. The story is very interesting and I can see why, so if you like those movies that are like that, you'll like this one. The movie is funny, but I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love all the movies from the same period of time period, I was only 7 when this was made. I've watched it 3 times now, the next day i've seen it again and i still haven't seen it, i have no idea how good it was, and i'm not looking for any more. But all the actors and actresses have great performances and great chemistry, this movie is awesome. It was great in all aspects. My favorite scenes were the scene where the 2 main characters were talking in the hotel, it was so real and natural and i loved it. All the rest was great and great, this is one great movie, 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the life of a widower, a doctor, and a church choir member are all intertwined in this delightful film. The actors are excellent and the plot is great. I've seen this movie hundreds of times and it always leaves me with the same feeling each time. This movie is a real classic. It's hard to see how one could go wrong with this film. It can be cheesy and over the top. It has beautiful music and great performances. It also has a very interesting plot. The beautiful cinematography and great use of the great film shows the true talent in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of those films that you don't hear much about and then it's not that exciting and is good enough to go over the heads of others. The story of the old and new worlds is a bit weak and it is a fun movie with a decent soundtrack. The main story line for this film is about the life of one young girl on earth and her journey to become a pilot for a space rescue team. This movie is the kind of film that should be enjoyed over and over again with a few friends.  I give this movie a 7 out of 10, because of the excellent soundtrack and excellent performances by all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterfully conveys all the nuances of a life lived in a totally different world: the people who live there are, of course, not bad, but rather good. The music is vibrant, the story is intriguing, the film has a good story, and the camera is masterfully shot, enabling the viewer to enter a completely different world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a brilliant comedy that focuses on the relationship between a mother and her two daughters. The mother, playing the mother, has a beautiful life and is plagued by her daughter's death. The film is very emotional and I don't feel it is all the wonderful performances of the two stars. The director is very good and I have to recommend this movie to anyone. This is a funny movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Vampire: The Awakening" is a very entertaining and atmospheric horror film set in an old English village (North Yorkshire) but the villagers are vampires, with a thirst for human blood and a thirst to live...  The vampire hunter (the vampire) comes into the village and begins his search to destroy the vampires, who seem to have a great immunity to sunlight.  What we see in this film is a stunning landscape and the chilling sound of a village graveyard. The atmosphere is thick and eerie, and the sound is chilling.  The director has taken great care to ensure that his film was not a cheap production, and to ensure there were no cheesy or cheap shocks. This film is full of atmosphere and suspense and a very strong sense of dread. It's scary in parts, and creepy and frightening in others, but the overall experience of the film is scary and creepy. The vampires themselves are creepy and terrifying.  Definitely a keeper to watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie was wonderfully acted and it was the best of all the bad movies of the 1950's. The cinematography was great and the cinematography great. The story is very interesting. I don't know if it is the master piece of art, but it was great art. The ending is brilliant. I loved the final and the movie had a great ending. This is a great movie for all the family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed the first two and was very interested in the film, but when I saw the final episode I was amazed. The ending was very poignant, and I think that the movie is about all of the drama that the characters have been through. The last scene was very powerful, but I would recommend people to watch this movie again.  The ending makes people think, and this is what I think is the main theme of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've always been a big fan of Stephen Rea, and was pleasantly surprised at how he managed to create such exquisite, intricate and unforgettable characters, from a young boy to an old man, and the way in which he shows his pain and his determination to live as he sees fit.  I'm glad to see such great talent being given to the director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short story, told in a way that makes the viewer question: what do I want from this movie? What are the possibilities? And I am glad to have seen it. This is not a movie for children only. Anyone who wants to see a funny movie should watch it. I recommend this movie to any interested person. I am not sure what movie is best known for this movie. I do not know if it is "Homewhere In Time", or "The Wonderful World Of Dr. Fu Manchu", but I am happy to know.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoyed this movie, and after watching it I'm going to be asking myself the same questions as many other people did.  What made it great was the story line and the direction. The film shows us what life would look like if every family and neighborhood in America had a loving family with someone who is constantly worried about them.  This movie shows the world as a whole as people that are always on edge and ready to do anything for each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tango Kabaree" is the movie with the best of "MUSA-DREAM" written by James Wong and "Moon Child" written and directed by Kim Tae-Hoon. It has all the great traits that MUSA-dREAM has. For example, a great plot. The director did well in the scene where he takes the audience to the future, and has created a believable future. In conclusion, great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts out with an interesting plot and some great dialogue, the plot develops and the story develops. I love that the film is about a man who tries to get revenge on the mafia. A great cast to support him.  The main cast is great and the supporting cast is good. Also some great performances from some other cast members.  This is a very hard film, a good mix of drama and thriller, a mix of good mafia and criminal. It has the classic elements of mafia and mafia drama, as well as the typical thriller and a mix between thriller and mafia.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first "A" was an incredible piece of art. I was entranced by the very natural beauty of the young Julia Stiles, and I watched her in full bloom. She is beautiful, graceful and strong, with beautiful eyes and expressive eyes, and her voice is wonderfully expressive. She dances and speaks with great gusto and verve, and it is almost impossible to find words to describe her beauty. Her music, as I have already mentioned, is beautiful. I have seen her as a child, and even as an adult I was fascinated by her and her relationship with her mother, and was glad to see her grow up and experience her sexuality. Julia Stles is very beautiful as Julia Stle.  I would like to believe that Julia Stly has a great music talent. If she does, she should be nominated for the Oscar for Best Best Visual Performance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the movie, and it was one of the masterpieces from the director of "The Naked Lunch", but this movie is unique and brilliant. The story is a bit boring and there is a great music score, the cinematography master master brilliant and the music works perfectly. I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of my favorite movies of all time!  If you love watching documentaries about war or WW2, or just plain documentaries, this is the perfect documentary for you. It features interviews with veterans of all periods, with war footage, with soldiers, with an interview with the "American GI" himself! The interviews are with real people, and the documentary style works very well, especially if you ask me. The interviews I had with the vets were real people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't think of the movies as art, because art movies are very, very subjective. The movies are great fun, beautiful and imaginative, so to speak.  I enjoy watching and enjoy them, and I like it that way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as i know, this is one of the masterpieces of the 20th century. There are films that are truly art-related (a very small number of films that don't really have much to do with film at all) but i don't think that many films were made at that time, and some of the best were made as late as the 1930s.  There is no doubt that this was one of those masterpieces, and that the film deserved the respect it was given. But i am surprised that so many people have praised it. It's not because of the plot, the cinematography or the performances of the actors, it's the great beauty and great great acting of the magnificent Georges Guetary and the magnificent Guetary's brilliant script. The beautiful cinematography is beautiful and creative and the brilliant cinematography masterpieces brilliant. Georges' great script and fantastic cinematography makes this film perfect. I recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, you see a young woman (Penny) and her father (WOW-dude) who are in love with each other and have a great deal of animosity towards each other. The love and hatred between these two causes them to live their entire lives together and the result is that they have to grow old together.  Now, after years of living together, Penny finds herself pregnant with her boyfriend's (RICHARD ROONEY) child. When she goes into the hospital and asks for help, they both know that they are both pregnant with the child of the same man. But, she tells them that she has to choose between the child and the relationship.  ROONEY, a well-respected psychiatrist, has to help Penny through this dilemma.  I was surprised by this film at how true to the story was. It's a good film that was very entertaining and I recommend it to anyone. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was amazed by the way the story develops and I am very impressed by the acting of the main actors in the movie. The direction is masterful, the beautiful scenery breathtaking, the magnificent cinematography brilliant and the fine performances perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Mystery Men" is a very charming film. I had to see it when it was released and I was amazed when I got back to my hotel that night to find out that it had proved such great staying power. A very talented cast including Douglas Fairbanks, James Belushi, John Ritter, and Bill Nunn as the main stars of the film. The plot revolves around a group of mystery hunters led by a psychic (Craig Stevens) who becomes a famous player of the mystery world. With his psychic powers, Craig finds a way to bring people to his life, including a reporter (Cary Grant) and a detective (Ronald Colman). They become great friends and have many adventures together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen this movie at least 5 times in the last 20 years. The reason I'm not surprised at how good it is. It's probably not the best movie I've ever seen. It is probably the perfect movie. The music is great and the movie is masterfully crafted. It really captures the mood of a high school senior, the dreary, boring and thoughtful of her future. I don't think it's a movie that will scare anyone, or entertain anyone. The story is good, and the story itself is strong. The movie isn't as good as the other movies in the same genre. It isn't a movie you want to leave on for the night to go to sleep. The ending is unique and the ending really means something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of my favorite episodes of this series, even if you are a fan of the original cartoon at all. I like how the villains and the main characters of the cartoon in this show are very similar to the original ones. I also like how this episode is a lot more like the original one. I guess I was more entertained with this episode and the next episode in the series, but I don't know if I can really compare.  Overall, I give this episode 9/10. I rate this episode very high, and this is one very good, very entertaining episode. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit that, after seeing this brilliant and masterful performance, I was amazed. It was an unforgettable performance.   The direction was masterfully crafted. The beautiful setting, magnificent cinematography, brilliant music, masterfully beautiful music, stunning special effects, brilliant performances, masterful directing. Perfect, perfect perfection perfect, master master master exquisite. Perfect perfection. Brilliant perfection master master brilliant master beautifully brilliant master brilliantly brilliantly beautiful, master brilliantly beautiful beautiful. Beautiful. Brilliant brilliant perfection master beautifully master beautifully beautiful. Perfectly beautiful, perfect perfect perfect master beautifully lovely. Beautiful beautiful, beautifully beautiful beautiful beautiful master wonderfully lovely and master wonderfully beautiful. I was surprised. I have seen many beautiful performances by beautiful and great actresses, especially Jennifer Connelly, she is stunning and gorgeous, and this masterful and brilliant performance shows her true beauty and talent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It is not often that I like movies. But in this movie, I found great beauty, great life, great art. Beautiful and powerful. I have never seen anything like this before. The best scenes were in the beginning, and I could not wait to see them. But as soon as I started to watch them, I became captivated. They were beautiful. The beautiful, strong, and beautiful. It was powerful, and it showed the human emotion in beautiful ways. It showed us that it could happen, and we could not stop it. The main story of the movie is about a woman that gets a letter from her husband that says that they are both in the hospital. She finds out that she has to move. She goes to find a place in her town that she can get a job.  When she finds the place, she finds that she must move to another place, and find a job, or she will lose everything.  But when she finds out the price she has paid, she decides to move again. She moves, and finds a place where she can find a good job. Now, she has a new letter from the old man. He says that he will make her a job if she doesn't find anything else. And he gives her a letter to read.  The movie is amazing. It has the kind of story that makes the viewer question what is the purpose of this film. This is a good story. I am not saying it is a masterpiece, but it is good enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the great story of a man who goes back to his childhood and tries to make the best of it again. He is haunted by a man he saw as a child. His father is haunted too. And his mother...  It is a disturbing and powerful film. The acting is masterful. The cinematography brilliant and stunning. The beautiful locations haunting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best story of all, in this film is about the pursuit of happiness. The characters are realistic, and it is interesting that this movie doesn't have a happy ending, so many people have commented on this movie.  The music in this movie is beautiful, it has a nice rhythm and an emotional theme, but it's also hard to imagine that it is played by such great artists. I would love to see a movie with all the cast from the film, in a way that the story and the characters are more human and less artificial. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am very glad I went to see this film on the late, great Australian TV show "Mighty Morphin". I loved it, even though I was disappointed with the script, and felt sorry for the actors. It was a really good film and the performances were superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title, which I like very much because it reminds me of the movie "The Last Picture Show" from the early 90's, is a nice, dark, twisted and twisted masterpiece of a film. I found it to be very emotional, but in the end I came to the conclusion that this is a movie about something.  It's not easy to find a copy of this movie, it's rare. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first collaboration between Schoedsack & Cooper was the excellent 'A Sudden Impact' (1977). Cooper is playing a very talented doctor in New York City who is treating people who have been injured in the 9-11 tragedy, who is assisted by the compassionate side of Schoedack who is a top secret government experiment. The film covers the story of Dr. Benet, who discovers a way to help people with post-traumatic stress disorder and the people who get treated with his medicine.  The acting is fine, the story is engaging and the plot is interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a short story about the lives of three young women, who all live together in a house. The house is a sort of paradise, where there is always plenty of food and the view of the sea is beautiful. The women have very special needs, which means that they can't get enough sleep, and the house is always full of life and beauty.  The plot is really interesting, the movie isn't long, and it isn't set on earth, or a planet, but on a farm. The movie is not about animals, but about the women who live there, and what they need in order to live well. It is about the farm animals, the animals who live in the farm, and about the people who work on the farm. It makes a strong statement about farm animals and farm workers, and also about women in general. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The two leads are well cast, especially by comparison to the first. The plot, although not totally coherent, is interesting. The dialogue is interesting and the performances are fine. All in all a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little disappointed with the first "A Line of Fire", as it is a remake of a great movie from the late 1930's. A line of fire is the only fire scene I know of in the world, and only because of the great performances of George Burns and Donald MacLaine. It is also the only film where Burns, MacLain and MacLane are in the frame as the three heroes. This is a great compliment to the great performance of Burns by MacLan.  I really enjoyed the "line of fire" scene, it was so emotional and very realistic. If you haven't seen the movie yet, do so and don't forget to thank the good people at MGM and Warner Bros. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know why I love it.  It has something that makes you think.  Maybe the most powerful scene in the history of cinema.  If you don't believe me, then don't watch this brilliant film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes is at the beginning when the main characters are in the carriage, discussing the nature of living and the necessity of self-sacrifice. I also liked the scene when the servants discuss the nature and customs of their families. The film could use some great cinematography, but the wonderful acting and beautiful cinematography masterfully combined to create a wonderful film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. If you are tired of watching some great animated movies and want to see a good one, this is the one for you.  This movie is animated by Sogo Ichii, who directed "Kung Fu U" and "Goblins" and wrote the story "The King of Evil" in the classic "The Legend of Bogdanovich" which was made in 1928. He was the animator for this movie.  It is very, very cute. There are lots of great scenes.  I really like "The Wizard of Oz" for the first time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen it about 5 or 6 times and I've always found it disturbing. The movie is very disturbing and the ending is very chilling, I thought the movie was well done and the director did great masterfully. If you don't like disturbing and disturbing, you will love this movie. It also stars Stephen Dorff as a serial killer, the story is very interesting and I recommend it to anyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title, "Love in the Time of Money," comes to mind. The film is an enjoyable, yet depressing look at a couple of New York intellectuals who find that time to themselves. This film doesn't attempt to explain the intricate story of modern-day relationships between New York and the rest of the world, but it does give a good, albeit bleak, explanation of what happened in the 30's.  The film, however, is still pretty bleak. The story of a middle-class woman who gets a phone call from her sister about a bank account she opened in her name, but can't remember anything about it, and the two go through a series of emotional troubles, one that's bound to happen, but that's all.  One of the scenes, when a New York bank teller (Denise Crosby) is on the phone with the couple, and asks about the account, and they have to say, "I've got some things to do with my life," gives me a sense of how much of their lives were actually intertwined. The relationship between the two was bound to break sooner or later, and I'm sad to see it finally unravel, but I'd like to see them find happiness. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only downside to a great movie is the plot. Excellent movie. 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great action film with a good plot and a good directing. The story is very good and you have a very good action sequence. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of the movie is very intriguing and the movie works best in the first half. The movie works well and there are some good scenes, especially the one in the beginning where there is some nice scenery and the people are all in a great mood.  In the second half the story is really intriguing and there is a lot of slow scenes and suspenseful suspense. There are some nice scenes, such as the one where the husband is playing a game on his computer and he is able to remember the names of his wife and some of the events he did during the first day of his marriage and he starts crying for her.   The last half is a very emotional and sometimes sad part. It is like everything else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie first on the Italian Sci-Fi channel and have to say that it was one great sci-fi adventure, that is to say, a movie that actually takes place in the real space. I liked the fact that this movie was so believable and i would recommend it to those interested in the genre, not only because of the special effects, but also because it is so interesting.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story follows the lives of the two main characters: a boy who is bullied by girls and a girl who wants to have an adventure.  This film could be viewed as a fantasy or a documentary about the lives and experiences of the girl and the boy. In fact, the film is neither. It is a very emotional and beautiful film that shows the relationship between the two of them.  The acting is first class, and includes some of the most natural and believable performances. The director shows how to move the plot efficiently without the need for any complex narrative.   The direction also allows the viewer to feel the sadness and anger of the main characters without any need to ask them, which in turn makes the audience feel the pain of the abused boy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has it all - great special effects, great music, great stunning images, great beautiful cinematography and great great performances from the four stars of the movie. One particular standout performance is that of the great singer, Jean Pierre Rouve. He manages to capture the essence of what it is to be a human being and to make the viewer feel what he is feeling and what he has seen. It is an overwhelming masterpiece! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big Ramones fan and this is the movie for me. The acting is great and the plot is genius. This is a fun and exciting movie. Definitely not for the weak-hearted. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the funniest movie I've ever seen. The only bad movie I saw in the year 2000 was the excellent Mel Brooks movie "The Real World".    The script is brilliant and the whole cast is great.  The movie is well directed, funny and I love the soundtracks of the actors.  It's a great movie and I've seen some funny and dumb movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little skept of this movie, I was really excited, so I went to see it and after a really great performance, I loved the film. It wasn't so polished, so it doesn't look too fake, but it's a great and very realistic portrayal of the Italian people. This movie shows the passion of the people and the hardship of the situation they live in. The ending is very moving, especially the scenes in the bus with the Italian woman and the guy talking about their life, their dreams and their dreams. The actors really convey what these people are going through in their day to day lives, and they do a very good job as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only thing I can say is if I were to compare this film to the classic "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" I would have to say that it was awesome. I've seen it over 2000 times. It's pretty good, and I enjoy it for that reason. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an enjoyable, although extremely graphic, and extremely disturbing film. A young girl (Kerrigan) comes into contact with a strange and violent woman (Tavris). They are forced to fight each other in the woods for their survival.  In the end, the girl survives the ordeal and returns to the village where she lives. A year later, she is approached by a mysterious old man (Mancuso) who seeks her out to seek her lost sister (Tobey Maguire). After his failed attempt to kill her, he reveals his true intentions.  This film has a few flaws. It's obvious why this film isn't as great as it could be, but that's due to the director's ability to bring out all the dark and disturbing things that the audience would expect. Also, Kerrigan's performance in this film is a hauntingly powerful and is in line with her role in the original 'The Mother' as a sort of mother figure. In this film, Kercher is just a mother figure, and it's really hard to see why this isn't disturbing or disturbing. The best part of the film is the ending where the girl has to go on a journey with her sister and find a place to escape from the village. In a similar fashion, this film also has a great ending, but doesn't get much darker than it already is.  The final part of this film really doesn't have much of a good ending either, and is a nice touch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of "The Lonely Lady" has been seen on TV many times.  This is one of the best made I've seen, and I would say so for the first episode.  The story is about a young American woman's dreams. The director, James Balsam, used a different technique to show the dreams in which the woman sees the life of a lonely housewife in Paris. The story focuses on the dreams of the woman who lives in the house and the thoughts that come into her head. The actors, especially the two main actors, were amazing and so believable, it was easy to believe that they were just playing the parts.  Balsamic approach to the story has a nice affect. It was like the director is telling a different story every time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Brief History of Nearly Everything" is a wonderful documentary. I had been waiting for it to come out for about 5 years now, since the release of "Vault" and it still hasn't arrived! I've been working on this for over 2 years and really enjoyed it as it shows the history of a small American town, a few families, and the evolution of family life in the midst of war and depression. It is also the first time I heard about "The Family" since "My Father's Back." The narration and photography was fantastic and so was the casting of these characters. My favorite was the character of George S. Dobkin, the one in the story that was played by the late William H. Macy. His performance was the most powerful and he showed a wonderful range and range in his emotions. I was able to take my time and really see how he was affected by his circumstances and the events of his life. He was like the "good boy" who had a dream of becoming a soldier again. He had some really hard choices and hard choices, but he still had some good dreams. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very unique and intriguing movie from director Ernst Lubitsch. A fascinating look at how we can find meaning and purpose in the most mundane things in our lives.  In a very simple way, the movie explores our thoughts, and the lives of those around us.   As an aside, this movie is one of the very best movies ever, and it shows Lubitsch in an innovative light. I love that he doesn't sugar-wash the themes, or at least I don't think he ever does.  This movie is interesting in many ways, but it has a dark side, as well as some very intense performances. In fact, I don‗t think it has any of the typical Hollywood "comedy" style. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very beautiful film. The plot is good, but there is also a very good performance by the young Scarlett Johannsen, the only truly natural born actor.  It's nice to see that there are no other films that look like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the touching and uplifting story of one man's struggle to overcome life altering events and overcome his own personal demons.  As the film opens we meet a man who is struggling with his own demons and is forced to live a lie.  The first few scenes set the scene for a great deal of drama and a great cast to show it all.   The film follows him and his friend as they make their way through the dark and sordid underbelly of the city, where people are constantly looking for something to help them.  In this film the man makes his way into a world of dark, sick, twisted, and demonic beings. The demons constantly try to steal him and all that he has.  What we see is a man's journey of self-discovery, his struggle to live in a world that he is not able to inhabit, and his eventual struggle against the powers of the dark, evil forces.  This film follows the story of Michael, the story is a journey through his ordeal and his journey to the place where he was born. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been playing video games for many years, and I can't see why it was so hard for the N64 version to be so good, or why it took so long to come out. I'm guessing that many people who played the N96 version on PC or any other platform have never seen it, so if you don't think this is a great game, then I don't know what to say. I've played hundreds of video games, and this is one of the best. The music is amazing. It is unique and very modern. The graphics are very beautiful, and very realistic. The gameplay is awesome. The level design is great, and the game itself is fun. The only real drawback is the fact that it is so hard to find the disk. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been a big fan of the show. My first experience with the show was about three years ago.   I had heard the whole series was over and I had finally seen the show on a real TV channel.  This show is an incredibly complex piece of work and I hope that the network will finally get around to renew the show for a new season. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this movie...it was beautifully directed and I loved it. It was beautifully filmed. And i liked the movie a lot, i am not very big fan of movies that are not directed by director Antonioni but i like this one..its an amazing movie and i am surprised that this is his best movie..so glad i knew i can buy it on DVD! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen the first episode of this film, and although I enjoyed the first one, I really could not take any more. The characters were great and the story was fantastic. The cinematography brilliantly captured the feel of the movie in such a beautiful setting, that I'd love to see this again.  If you're interested in a great plot, you'll find it in the book "Of Human Bondage".  I'd like to point out that the movie did not take place in the real world, as it is set in a different time, so the story is a bit confusing. I hope that it gets clearer soon!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love it!! The movie is so masterfully crafted and beautifully filmed. I have seen it over twenty times and even though I have been a huge fan of Robert De Niro, I can't remember a film he has done that great.  I was pleasantly surprised with the portrayal of the Indian in the movie. A must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Comethings" is a great film that has a great plot, and it has great acting. I have seen it many times, and each time it gets funnier. It's not too long, but the scenes are short and concise. I also like the way it shows the different types of emotions it provokes in the viewer.  "Metropolis" is also a very good film, but it is not as good as "Cinema Paradis" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen this film on many different occasions and it was always the same.  I can't remember the last time I saw the film.  The scene in the first 30 minutes (I'm sure that was just me) was amazing, if it was, it was still amazing.   The actors, the script brilliant, stunning, wonderful and brilliant. This is a film about the most unexpected friendship of two 18 years old, it makes you feel like you are not only a friend, you are a brother. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful little movie. I had the opportunity to see it in Boston. It was held in a cinema in the city, so I was able to see what I wanted to see. I have to say I loved it. I'm still in shock after watching it, it was a good, simple story with a good ending. I can't wait to read the book now! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been waiting for this movie for almost 3 years. I found this film on my late night movie night TV show and watched it about 4-5 times. It's a great film and I think I caught every single one of the jokes. So if you are tired of hearing about the "F-word" you'll be ready to forgive a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like all of the bad movies, even those from the big Hollywood studios. This movie is great! The script master, Antonioni, masterfully captures the essence of what life is all about, and all of us will enjoy it as we watch this movie. It has good moments, too, and some great camera shots. The music is beautiful, the film is interesting, and the plot is full of great surprises. It is not really an action movie, but it is a great movie with a good story and great surprises!  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The title of this film should have given you the idea of a very light hearted comedy. But after the first few scenes, you will be amazed. Very funny, funny, very touching. But the whole time you will not be in tears. The beautiful cinematography works brilliantly together to bring out all the emotions and emotions that can be felt. The performances are superb. The plot is beautiful and the cast is great. I recommend this movie to everyone. 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In the first scenes of the movie I was surprised to see the actors' performances. I really enjoyed the fact that there was one girl with an Irish accent, which she was very proud of. I also felt the scene where the girls are in the bathtub with their hair dryer on and the water is just flowing freely through their hair, so that the hair is dryer. I would love to see a scene where a girl's hair is wet with water and then falls in the tub.  The music was good, although I did like the acting. I am glad that it did not go to the movies, because I am sad that it was not a beautiful movie. It was not like the "Cinema Paradis" where the music is so beautiful, the music fit the movie and there is so much of emotion in the scene. I recommend it to everyone, and I hope this movie gets a DVD release soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had always been a big fan of Jack Frost. In fact, the series, which ran in syndication from 1959-60, was always my most hated thing, ever.  This film was the beginning of Jack's "retro" phase. Although he had the same name as his TV series, this is where the comparison ended.  Jack Frost (Robert "Knox" Miller) is a middle age cop and an occasional drunk who works a speakeasy in the city, gets a case of beer and a couple of beers, gets his wallet stolen by a "fellow cop", gets a call from his wife who wants to know if Jack is home and then calls a cab to find him.   Jack is at a bar when a woman (Elvira (Mary Ellen Trainor) comes in and starts singing. She is the sister of the woman he worked with during the Prohibition, and she looks to him for help. She tells him she doesn't have any money and asks him to find some money for her.  The scene is one of the best. It features Jack and Elvira singing "Somethin' Between". Jack gets drunk and ends up in the hospital with Elvia, who is not in the right state of mind to be in this situation. He gets a good case of Schlitz and tries to get his hands of her. Elvida and the others help him. Jack has no luck and is admitted to a sanatorium. He meets Elvie, a woman in the sanatorium who looks like Elvi Miller. Ely is the girlfriend of Elviel's wife and son, and they make a pact not to go to the hospital.  When they are at the hospital, they decide to get the case of booze. They drive to the liquor store to get some. They get caught by a police officer and they are all sent to jail.  A few months later, Ely and Jack are released from the hospital and decide to go back to the speakease. They go to a speaking place and a fight breaks out between Elv and Jack. They end up in a cell. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of this show, and have been for quite a while now. This is probably one of the great shows on television, but this show is much much better than most. I have watched the show since I was very little, and every show I watch now, has been a highlight. My favourite show was The Simpsons, which was a much better show.  The show was definitely better than the first series, which had a very similar style, and was much better written.  In my opinion this show was a brilliant episode, and I hope this show gets better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved this movie from the first moment I saw it. I thought it was a great idea and I thought there was great acting by everyone. There were some really good special effects and good story lines and the ending was beautiful and touching. I recommend this movie to anyone looking for a great movie.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of the silent era, and it is often regarded as one of its main weaknesses. It is certainly true that the plot is the weak link in this movie. I found it rather strange and hard to resist at times, and I found myself disliking it as I watched it at the end.   The camera is sometimes very wide and there are sometimes great close-ups of things that look especially small, but I found the whole thing to beautifully detailed and beautifully captured.  The music is often rather disjointed and I especially liked the last two minutes of the movie.  If you like silent movies of this kind you should see this one, as it is one that should be made into a complete film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title says, this is a movie about one of the greatest and most important of all time. In the very beginning, the story was set in a small Indian village in the western Himalayas. Later it became a full blown epic of how the life of the village people was intertwined with the elephants and the forest environment, which was a major problem in India during the time.  The movie is also about one thing that is most important in the whole film, and that is the relationship between the young and the old. The film doesn't deal with the old and middle age people, it deals with the people who are living the typical life of villagers living in the forests. I enjoyed it, I didn't think it was terribly filmed or anything. The actors did a great job, I have to admit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the movie at least 2 times and still i keep asking myself whether it's really the great movie it is, because I like the movie very much. The movie is very well directed and brilliant in the beginning, the characters are very good, the story is interesting and the cinematography beautiful. Also the soundtrack is great. All in all I enjoyed the movie a lot and i recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining film with a good plot and great photography. The story follows the life of two lonely women, one is a doctor and the other a nurse. The two share a home and each nurse is a maid.  The film is very dark and very intense. The doctor is haunted by ghosts and the nurse is haunted with demons. The movie is very disturbing, it has a very good plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film opens with the two main characters (George Clooney and Chris Walken) walking in the woods and encountering the same kind of creature from "A Man Called Sledge" - a very powerful creature. But George Clooney's portrayal of Sledge is different from the original Sledge, which is not the best of all. It is also not like the original's portrayal, in which Sledge has a good attitude and an evil laugh, and is a very scary creature indeed. The creature that Sledge inhabits is a young male that is about 7 years old, and his strength is about 70 lbs. This movie is a great example of the difference between animals and man, and how a man can become stronger. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part of this film is at the beginning, when the story is told in a very real way. The story is believable and very interesting, while the movie itself is great, with some great performances from the actors.  The story tells that there were three great poets in China in the 8th century. One of them was Sui-Tung, the famous lyric poet. One day, Sui fell to his knees and prayed for protection against the evil, the Taoist god, to protect his beloved city and his city's inhabitants. The other two were Lu Chia (Li Gong), and Hsiao-Tsing (Hsiao Tsing).    In the end, Hsueh's prayer was answered, and the Taoists emerged from the temple, and guided the great Sui into the heavens. But their powers were not as great as Hsui's, so they were sent back to earth.   This story is very beautiful, although it has a very simple and clear story. The whole movie is very interesting and touching, and there are many scenes of natural and stunning beauty in the movie. The movie is not too heavy and not too gory, but I guess it could be a bit heavy and boring. I give this movie a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is hard to describe the kind of story that this movie is. The story is about a family of parrots that get attacked by a pack of ravens and then it goes on a journey with the parrots to a mysterious island and finds it to be home to an island that is inhabited by other, larger parrots.  The movie is great and very well directed and the characters are excellent, which is very surprising given the actors. The whole movie is about this family and the story of how they find a home on this island. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The title is one of my favorite IMDb's movies. I just wish I could go to sleep with this beautiful and beautiful movie. I love the opening scene, when she first sees the beautiful and talented and beautiful Christina Applegate, and I love Christina Appling's interpretation of her. And the movie is full of great performances. The story is good and the acting is wonderful masterpieces. A great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I would like to add that I've seen this movie many years ago on a friend's TV, and the only thing I've ever seen about it was the video in it's original run.  What I saw of the film was what it was supposed to be. The script master brilliant creative genius, and everyone else did brilliant work with great skill. It's funny, the cinematography master master master brilliant, and beautiful to look at. It was made on a very low budget, and perfect for showing the world that the people of the future will be watching this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is a good one.  It was one of the masterpieces of the 20th century.  The ending of the movie is a masterpiece of real love and sacrifice.  This movie made me believe in miracles and in the power of fate. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are looking for something original and refreshing, you have chosen the right movie. This is a movie that you don't have to be a movie critic to enjoy.  This movie is very well done, and it is a very refreshing movie to watch. It has very good acting by some great actors, and some great special effects. It's also a very original movie, and in the end, that's what matters.  I think the best movie I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, I must say that this is not a complete and faithful re-work of the story. It is a great reworking and I do not take this movie for granted. The performances from the cast and the crew are magnificent. The beautiful cinematography and great use of colors and the magnificent use of the wonderful film as the backdrop of the events are masterfully handled. The use of music in this film works wonderfully. There are so many beautiful song selections. The story itself is touching. I am still trying to understand it all. This movie is not for everyone, but if you are open-minded enough to accept this, then I am sure you will get the whole picture. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great movie. I had the chance to see it in the original 70's version in Boston, and I was amazed how much I had changed since then.  A couple of years ago I found the DVD I had purchased and noticed a very strong cast and some really good actors.  The film was very good, very dramatic and very dark, and the direction was beautiful and strong. I think the only person who really hated this movie was me, who really loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the second of two films that I had seen the year after the original one. The first was a short story from the creator of Peanuts & I (Robert Hossein) that told a story about the life of the Peanuts family. The film, on the other hand, tells the story of a young girl, Sabrina (Taz) who discovers she can use the Peanut family's peanuts to her advantage. It's an engaging tale about love, friendship, and a new type of prejudice in the South. The only negative I can say about the film is that it was shot in black and white. I think the film deserved the Oscar it received when it was released and deserved it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a fascinating look at the relationship of a divorced father and his estranged daughter, both of whom have grown to resent each other over the years. They have to live in a two bedroom apartment with the daughter's mother in order to escape the clutches of living with the mother. The film is a bit bleak in its tone, but there are some beautiful shots of the mother in her canteens, the father in his work environment and the daughter on her journey to happiness.  The movie is very, very moving, it is a tearjerker, it has some interesting characters and it's sad that this was a film made in such great cinematography and brilliant cinematography. The cast are also strong, with the actors playing the characters well, with some great performances by John Thaw and the lovely Annabeth Gish. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the first 20 minutes of the movie, and the plot is good. In the middle is the famous bridge, and that's what makes this movie great. I really loved the idea of the bridge, because the first 30 minutes is all about the bridge and the story of how they came to meet each other. The bridge was also interesting, but it made me think about the idea that people of different cultures could meet, and there would be no need to go to the same place to meet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It is not every day that I see movies with so many great acting and great story line and great cinematography. This is a movie that everyone should see. I loved the first one. I will never forget that.  The story line is about the rise and fall of a couple of people in their 20s who live in a small rural community. The movie focuses on the lives of the two main characters: the husband (Wendy) and the wife (Mancuso). They are all struggling to overcome major life changes and have an open marriage, but they also find that life changes them. The cinematography is great, but it is also very good.   I love the way that this movie shows the two people in the story and how they meet and begin their lives together. The actors are very natural, especially the actors in the roles of the husband and wife. There is an old man who is very old, but he is not old in the traditional sense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is really good and there are many great images. The plot is interesting, it can be understood by a lot of people. The special effects are amazing.   The movie is one of the great animated films from the nineties, it has many flaws and special effects, specially for the music.  The main problem is the lack of the music in the movie, I think the songs are nice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film about 3 years ago, and have seen it many times, with some of my favorites coming back. I have never understood how a person can love a movie.  This is a movie with heart and soul and that is exactly what I have to say about this brilliant film. I think that I am able to say a great deal about this film because I am a Christian and this is a film that is, in my opinion, very relevant to Christians.  The plot is interesting and I think it will not be a very easy film to watch. The only person who has seen it commented on this film on other film sites has never seen the film.   If you have not seen this film, you should definitely watch it. If you do, you will understand why this movie is not a Christian movie. Also, I would like to add that I did not enjoy the movie that much at all, and I did appreciate the movie a great amount of the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of my favorite scenes in this movie was the opening scene. It shows the scene where they meet up in the hotel bar, and it was one of the most memorable parts of the movie. I wish I could remember the details of this movie, it was so touching, and i am still hoping that it will be released on DVD someday. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie for almost 25 years and I have never forgotten it. It is the best of the silent era, probably. It has not been released on DVD, so I can't recommend this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at a silent film festival in Los Angeles on April 22, 2007.  The acting and visuals are stunning, and the story is unique. It focuses on two major themes: human sexuality and the power of the human spirit.  This film deals with the first theme very well. It's about a mother who becomes a Christian and then a mother-daughter relationship.  Second, it is about a woman whose life is interrelated, and has to face her own issues.  Finally, it's about how a father-daughter situation can affect the entire family.  It was difficult to talk about these themes because the director kept them very well-thought out.   The actors are good, and each have an amazing individual story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Stardust" is one of those "Beautiful" films, where you have beautiful cinematography and great special effect, wonderful soundtrack, great fantastic music, great beautiful beauty and great fun. It is a great film and I hope it gets released on Video. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very charming film, "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang" is a romantic fantasy that focuses on the friendship of a woman and her journey with her life's ambition. She begins with a bang bang as her life and the lives of other beautiful women are threatened by a powerful vampire clan of human beings.  The film is a strange mix of genres that include thriller, romance, and tragedy. The story is full of action and suspense as the vampire clan is about to be awakened. The vampire girls battle against their natural instincts and the human females must help them.  This film will not win any awards, but is an enjoyable fantasy that can be seen on its own. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an independent, non-for-profit,no-don't-miss-the-plot-has-its-own-heart-in-its'-mouth comedy that I have never seen on film.  I enjoyed the first half of it,but the second half is a real treat. The film's focus is on the love of a cat, and the cat's journey of discovery. It's full of surprises,which keep you guessing the whole time,and the cat is so smart, he's practically a super-hero,with the audience believing in him and giving him so many surprises.  This film doesn't fall into the trap of being a sequel to the first film,which is a shame as it has a different storyline,different cat,and a different plot. It has its own unique style,and it has its unique soundtrack. I would like to see this movie again,but I am glad I saw it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the very first movie to be nominated for the Humanitas award at the 2002 Palm Springs International Film Festival. It's the story of an aspiring film writer who is inspired to take his first steps.  He meets with an old friend of his and they start a creative process that is a little more serious than their normal ones.  The movie is a beautiful combination of documentary and fiction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Bid Time Return" is a must see if you are interested in a modern-day re-enactment of a historical event. It was done by the late Norman Jewison and it has since been re-broadcast by the CBC. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is hilarious. It has an interesting plot. I really liked it, and it was not too predictable. I think it was a very funny movie, and the movie is good for a couple of hours, I just recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well made movie that offers no compromises and is at least slightly entertaining. However, the plot is a bit too predictable and the direction masterfully captures the feel of the movie.  The actors are superb and the story is beautifully presented. I don't know if this movie is better than The Prodigy, the second best movie I've seen this year.  My rate: 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of the great movie I've seen, and it has to be one of the best ever made. A lot of the movie is excellent, but I liked the scene where the girl is running around, and the guy is chasing her. This is a movie that I've never seen before, and I have to say it has the feel of a great, underrated movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very well made, original and touching, romantic-comedy. It's a good romantic-plot-line, and it's pretty typical of the genre. The main couple are the young and restless, restless for adventure, the one that's ready to make something meaningful, and the other, the tired old person that's just ready to stay home and take it easy.  I love that idea. This is the type of movie that Hollywood should never let go of.   It has a nice plot, but doesn't let it get boring. A good movie to watch, especially if you're a romantic-at-heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Slim Slam Slum" is a fun, but unpretentious, slum comedy about a group of slum dwellers who are caught in a mire of their own laziness and who are plagued by the constant presence of a gang of hoodlums and their drug use. When the slum is attacked, the slums go wild. A gang of slums has formed, led by a wise and innocent young slum king, and the leader is a homeless man (the slum master), who has taken on the mantle of the slummer and now he has to try and survive.  One day the slumbering slum comes to life. It's up to the slumar to help him and the slomans to put a stop to this mad doctor's rampage, or else...  "SLIM SLUM" is actually not an enjoyable movie. It is an enjoyable, funny, but not too much to the audience, because it is not meant to be taken seriously. The humor is not as serious as many other slum comedies, but for a slum, the main thing that saves it is the acting and direction.  If you like slum movies, this is a good one to rent, and if you like a good slum movie, you'll love "S.L.M.S."   8.5 out of 10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first installment of the series, "Stardust Memories", a female archaeologist finds an ancient scroll of the same name. She reads that and then dedicates her entire life to find and destroy this scroll.   "Stark" is much more of a dark fantasy adventure. The film isn't light or gory. It is more eerie, with more haunting and beautiful images, and the music score is eerie and unnerving. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first collaboration between Hitchcock and Hopper was "Blue Jam", a documentary that examines the relationship between Hopper and Hitchcock. Hopper's vision of Hitchcock's "The Black Cat" is an allegory of the relationship of an artist and a director. Hitchcock's idea of this relationship is that the artist creates a masterpiece in order to realize his or her art. Hooper's concept of this is similar, but not the same.  The "Blue jam" was a great documentary about Hitchcock and the relationship he had with Hopper. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first heard of this film at the 2002 Sydney Gay and Mardi Gras Film Festival.  I was intrigued, and wanted to see the film. I thought it was funny, and had a good cast.  The script is very creative and entertaining, and the actors are great, with great delivery. The film is full of great performances by the two main characters.  It has some of the same plot elements as many other Australian films, and some of those plots are very similar.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not often that I have seen such beauty and grace, from the acting to the beautiful cinematography to stunning music and great cinematography. A brilliant movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie on both cable and cable HD a couple of times and have always found it to be a great movie. It was also quite interesting to me to see how a movie could be made about a world with the same kind of political issues as the world in which we live. So, I found myself on the couch with my family and we started watching the movie and it turned out great! It's funny, but there are a lot of funny moments and I hope I get a chance to see it again.  The movie is a great political satire about how the media are a major force of change and should not be allowed to shape the public's opinion. It also has a lot to do with the way the people are. There is a lot wrong with the media and I don't think people are stupid enough to believe in something like that.   My rating is one (out of four). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces from the master of horror films. The basic story is simple and straightforward and the best horror films do this. This film is excellent in this respect, but the more you watch it the more impressed you become. The great actors, especially the great John Lynch, really enhance the experience. The story is also quite interesting, although the main character does not seem to be a typical horror hero.  Overall, a great film, especially for a horror fan. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching this film on cable for the past week or so, and I was thrilled to see it again. It's an intriguing, suspenseful, visually beautiful film, the characters are intriguing, and the story develops the characters and their situation with interesting results.  I was surprised with the way it was put together, and what I thought was most impressive was the great performance by Goro, who did a fine job of creating characters that he could live with. The music was also good, and there are some great camera shots, and one of my favorite scenes was when Goro is at the train station in the rain with a raincoat on and his eyes closed, and he can't open them.  The film isn't really about the train, but the two characters are. They are very believable, and their story and acting are real to me. The main plot is a real-life tale of love and commitment between two real people. It wasn't about the life of two trainees, it was about two guys. They played their roles very well, and it is really something that has happened to them, and not to them. And I hope that it will never be used in the future, as it can be used to show the trainee spirit.  This movie really isn't as cheesy as the others, but I hope it is in the top 100 for now. It has a lot of good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this in the summer of '94. The original one was so intense and had an incredible impact on me. I loved it and I wanted to see it again.   This movie is about a young woman who lives her first summer in New York and then realizes that she needs to get away from the city and go to the woods to experience life. The movie follows her for two weeks as she goes to the beach with her family and experiences life on the beach and in the woods.  The scenes are so natural and realistic, that you are not in the dark, you are completely and totally surrounded by nature. The entire time you see this beautiful picture of the beach, you cannot help but feel the immense beauty of this place.  I don't understand the reason why this movie was so hard to find and it is not hard to understand the story, it is very believable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard of this film for quite a while, so I decided to watch it. It is a very powerful, realistic, and sometimes even a very depressing movie. The plot is very realistic, the acting is great great, and the direction and cinematography brilliant. I especially enjoyed the scenes with the characters, and found them to be very believable, not to mention, interesting. The ending was very strong, and very moving. I have seen all of the other films by these directors, and this one is the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes is the very end, where the main character tells a story to a friend about the nature of the world. They are then asked what is the most important thing in the world? This film is a wonderful attempt to do justice to the nature and the human race through the eyes of an older person.  It is unfortunate that this film was so masterfully done, and so beautifully made. A great cast and beautiful photography, beautiful settings, great settings, wonderful cinematography, beautiful performances, great music, great performances, beautiful cinematography and great music. Excellent workmanship from the cast and wonderfully brilliant cinematography from the director, and great use of natural and beautiful places and the use of animals as subjects of study. The cinematography is brilliant. And the use, imagination and artistry are masterfully handled by the master of all art-house directors. The best film in the history of mankind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all I like all the reviewers who don't like the movie. I like it because the movie is interesting, because the actors are great and the story is good. It is a good story about the relations between a guy and a girl who are in the middle of their relationship. It has a good ending. It may be a remake of another movie or a remake with the same director.  I don't know, it is my opinion. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The beginning is a great one, and the movie is great. The ending is great, but you cant take my word for it, great movie. It is awesome and good movie, and you can watch it with your kids, and your dog, and they will love it. Its a great movie, don't miss it. 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great episode of the show. It was the first episode that had the most serious discussions of real life, in the most negative and helpless manner. It also dealt with the relationships between the main characters, in a way that was not forced. It is the first time that i have seen all the actors on the show together. The scenes where all the main actors were together and dealt with real life situations, and all i could see, was real life. i like the scene where the main character has to go on a date with a girl and ask her about her life and she says: "I don't know. I am a reporter. I like to write stories about real life" and all the other characters in the show are not reporters, they are just people that have something to say.  The show was not just a comedy show, and it had no special effects. the best part of the episode was when they were talking about the fact that they don't have any money, or a job, or anything like that, or how they can go out with no money, no family, no nothing. the great part was that all the characters were so brilliant and beautiful. i wish they made more episodes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the first 30 minutes of this movie. I like the last half of the movie, which is great and so are you. But I have to say, the great part is the brilliant performance by Alison Eastwood. I love her and I think she has great acting ability. It is a beautiful, beautiful, great movie. A MUST SEE FOR ALL AGES! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is hilarious, yet it's a true story. The best part of the movie is when the main character, a female, comes in and tells a story about how she got into this world and what she did to overcome the odds. The movie is based on real people and real situations. It also stars some very funny characters, so watch for those.  If you're tired of hearing people talk about how bad this movie is, you're in for a real treat! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was one of the first to see this film on the big screen. It was a great experience and i think it was the great acting by David Hasselhoff, his first great role, as the director of this magnificent movie. It also gave me some great flashbacks of my time as a young boy, and my feelings of isolation and lack of any other human being.   The direction was brilliant and the story brilliantly thought out. I wish they had used more of the long shots and more of what could have been the long song "Let me in" but brilliant performances by Hasselhof and Hedy Burress. I would love to see more of "My favourite song" as it would be a great ending to this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this film at the 2002 Palm Springs International Film Festival and was very pleased with the wonderful performance of Mr. Antonioni. The film is so enchanting and it is a true story with heart and the acting is masterful. I would highly recommend this film to anyone looking to enjoy a great story with great performances from all sides and an excellent script. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the film for about 2 years now, and it has really improved my opinion of the film. I remember my friend's comment, and I remember him being very impressed, so I was excited. I thought that the acting was great, the settings great and beautiful, the acting masterfully nuanced. I think this is a great film.   The movie is beautifully directed. I saw it when I was 18 and I loved it! I didn't know it was a very depressing movie until I saw the movie again. I was stunned by how believable it was. It was a realistic depiction of a serious and serious situation. I am glad that I don't know anyone who is depressed, but I know that this movie touched my heart and I felt relieved for everyone around me.  I would recommend the film to anyone who has struggled with depression, or has struggled to overcome their own illness. I have no idea what people would think about the film, it is a movie about two guys, about their journey to find their dreams, and that I wish I could find it, I don;t know anything. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I think it is a great film.  I loved the first two films in this series. I think they are in some ways better than this one.  It seems to be a very strong and emotional story, and the actors do a very good job of interpreting that emotion on the part of the viewer.  A great film for all ages! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, this is not a comedy. It's a drama about people and their interactions with each other.  The main character is very interesting, and the rest of the cast is excellent, particularly the supporting cast.  This is the first movie that made me laugh and it's not a good one, but not a bad one. A good start. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the first two. They were a little slow. The third one is much more energetic and I can't wait for it to end. I love the first three, but this one is fantastic. I can watch it anytime. I wish this movie stayed together. I hope they made a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is a great mix of horror, comedy, drama, romance, romance and just plain fun! It is filled with some great moments and you have to see it to believe it! I have seen the film and it is one of the funniest films I have ever seen and it made me cry. If you like this film, don't miss this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this film about 15 years ago and haven't regretted it.  The film is a masterful ensemble performance from all 4 members of the cast, with a fine example of this being the final sequence in which the characters are introduced.  One of the standout performances is that of the late Peter Weston as the head of a small Chinese village. Although he's in the role of a local hero, he still manages to put in a performance which, although a few years earlier, is, in my opinion, completely credible.  I also enjoyed the performance of the character of the chief of police, who seems to have been completely changed by the time of his death.  Overall, although not an incredible film, it's still a good film, and I would recommend it for anyone wanting to see a fantastic and very strange movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is solid, with a surprising plot. A fascinating exploration of the psyche and a possible link to the 9/11 attacks.  The acting is superb, with excellent performances by Alisan Porter as an interesting psychopath, and great performances by John Lithgow and David Duchovney as the confused and frightened people around the world.   The setting is a disturbing place, with many disturbing images and terrifying sounds.  There is also an interesting psychological theme, with some very disturbing scenes.  This is a very powerful and disturbing movie, but I recommend it for anyone who enjoys psychological thrillers, but not for anyone wanting to make a 10,000-person movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time i saw it on TV was at the end of its second series. And it was pretty good - but not bad. The whole series was brilliant. The script was beautiful, and the characters well-developed. The ending was perfect, and it was beautiful. It was also brilliantly paced and well-directed. It's a classic! It was perfect - perfect - just perfect! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea of this movie is to create a horror film that scared the heck out of me. Fear of a Black Hat was a very good horror film, which scared the hell out of people when it came out in theaters. Black Hat scared me to death. It scared me at times. It's a scary movie that is filled with suspense, and suspense is the main reason to watch this amazing film. It also has a great soundtrack, which gives me goosebumps and chills when I hear the creepy sounds coming from the speakers. The director also knows how to use fantastic camera work to create suspense and keep the audience scared. The cinematography is brilliant, and the camera work is very well done. It really made me think and scared me so badly. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good creepy movie, a good horror movie, or a good scary movie. 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces from the creator of the award winning and best known of the silent films "Patton", "The Lady Vanishes", "Dancer in the Dark", and "The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer". Pfeiffser's final film, "A View from a Hill" is a bold, almost idealistic, but extremely emotional, and in fact, profoundly depressing portrait of a man who comes home from war and begins to try to rebuild his life, in the hope of a better world. The film is both incredibly naive and profoundly pessimistic. Pfeifers' main theme, as always, is the one-person story of Pfeifee, played by the great, great, Norman Jewison. This is perhaps his most powerful character yet. It's a dark, brooding, and often depressing portrait. PFEIFFER is not an anti-war movie. It is anti-anything, but simply a human story.   This isn't an attempt to take the audience on a ride, but to simply tell the truth. The ending is not a tragedy, it is a triumph of hope and belief in mankind.  This film is a must see, and should be watched by anyone who doesn't know what it's about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this film at the 2002 Palm Springs International Film Festival. The film deals with family, friendship, and finding meaning. The lead actress is Emily Kastin, a former Palm Springs High School senior. Her character finds meaning in life when she is torn between her two lives. Her mother (Kastin) is a successful business woman and her father (Mancuso) is the same. Their lives clash when she realizes that she has to choose between her mother and her life.  This is the second collaboration between director Joseph Wright and Kast. The first one was "Wuthering Heights" (2002) and the second was "The Mother" (2003).   "The Woman in the Moon" is one of those films that is not just cute. It's about love, family, and the life of a single mother in need of help.  The story is simple, the characters are realistic, and I think the film is very touching and I hope that audiences will not take the film too seriously. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was a very fun movie to watch with my children when we got our first television set. The plot is great and has lots of laughs and it's not all that dumb.  The movie was very short. It was enjoyable and the story has good twists and turns. I really enjoyed the last 2 and a half hour scene where the mom gets in touch with her daughter on her computer and then she turns into a different person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with an image of an old and well-groomed car park, with a beautiful and imposing scene in the foreground. The plot is a fascinating one, as is the cast of characters. The story is set in Melbourne, and tells the story of a former professional boxer who, along with his two beautiful girlfriends, finds a job in a local construction company, after being disowned by his brother-in-law. There are other strange and inexplicable things going on in the world, and it's a mystery that the movie is trying to solve.  The movie is made up of about 65 000 images, and this is what the movie does, it's an interesting look at the nature of the images we have in our mind, and how they are formed.  One thing it did have in common with the movie was the plot, and the ending. The movie wasn't too heavy and had good acting, but the ending was quite good. The ending is quite unique, but it still wasn't the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie you could not see in a long time, at least in its native France.   The acting is great, especially from the very young actors.  The direction is stunning. I love the story, the beautiful landscapes, and the beautiful music.  I especially love the very good performance of the very old Helena Bonham Carter.  This film is a great tribute to the magnificent Jean Seberg, the director of "The Bicycle Thief" and "The Black Cat" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that this is one of the great adventure films from the late 70's and early 80's.It features the story of a father (Ronald Cramer) who is trying to make a life for his family in order to save his family's farm from being destroyed by a mysterious force.Now he has to make the ultimate sacrifice to get his family out of danger.This movie is a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've been interested in this movie for quite some time and the movie just blew me away! Brilliant performances by everyone in the cast, especially the beautiful Toni Collette and Robert Downey Jr, and the superb direction and cinematography by James Cagney. I love the way the story is developed. The characters are well developed and unique. The scenery beautiful. The beautiful scenery fantastic. And the music, especially from Toni and Robert, really works for the characters and makes them come to life and makes the movie truly great. And, I love Collette's and Downey's acting for the part of the women who are very sick with all sorts of illnesses and diseases, and they are both great actors. It's just that their character is so realistic and yet very sad. And if there is one thing that makes this movie, it is the way that the movie shows the pain and suffering of the sick. This is a painful movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I never could quite understand why some people consider it a comedy. I don't understand it because I've never seen it in a comedy way, so I can't say that for sure. But if you don't laugh at it, you have to laugh at the same time, or at least don't try to. If you do, you won't understand this hilarious film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie, and I have to say, there is no movie as great as this one. Brilliant performance by a fine cast, especially the lovely Isabelle Anwar. I found the beautiful Anwar to be so enchanting that I almost fell asleep. The beautiful and erotic music and the stunning cinematography of the story and the performances of Isabelle and Cecilia were mesmerizing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first two films had a very simple plot - a road sign with a red cross on it and a mysterious letter with a message. This film, the "Road to Moscow" is a brilliant, original, and touching interpretation of a simple story.  I am a big fan of the Russian directors and am very curious about his works. So I was excited about this film and was really surprised when I saw it at the beginning.  A very good interpretation of the simple story of a very common man in his hometown - "Vlad" (Vlad, his name in the film) - and his journey from his hometown to the city.  This movie is also very typical, and I would like to mention that it is also one of the very few movies that are not made in Hollywood.  The actors played their roles very well and there is a very good story with good characters, a very emotional story, and a very funny script.  "Vlady" is also not really bad - it is very honest and it is not a "bad movie" like "Tango Fu" or "Buckaroo Bonzai", which are also very common.   All in all, I highly recommend "Vytushki" to any one interested in this kind of movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true story about how the young William R. Macy became the first black male to be admitted to the prestigious Harvard University in the 1800's. The two other African American women admitted to Harvard were Mary and Maria Williams. Mary is a wealthy woman with a daughter, Maria is an impoverished woman with an insolent son and she too is a woman of means. They are both in need of help.  This movie is a must see for all those who are interested in history and African American history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never seen a movie with a plot like this one before, but I found it fascinating, and thought I'd give it a try.  I'd been waiting ages for this movie to come out for some months, but was delighted to discover it was perfect, brilliant, and brilliantly crafted. I'd only seen the first hour of it and was still stunned. The characters are interesting, the dialogue delightful and I have to say I found myself in tears at the end, as the film drew me in and I wanted to hug all of the characters in it.  One thing I will say is that the script is quite good and I think most of the cast are very talented. The actors really made the film and I'm sure they put great effort into their work. I really enjoyed the scene where the girls were on the train station waiting to be picked up by a bus, and the bus driver stopped them and took them off to meet some guys, and gave them a lift. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is about a talented young actress (Nancy Allen) who is caught up in a serious case of manic depression after a long illness. Nancy Allen is a great actress. She is a very powerful and talented young woman. I think the movie is really interesting, but it isn't boring. The movie is a wonderful story of love, and there are lots of scenes in the movie that are very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of all time, and this is a must-see. In this movie, an old friend returns from the dead and he brings a message that brings hope to the young. This is the movie that made me cry, that is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise of the story is an interesting idea that some time ago, the human race had managed to become the first species of spacefaring humans. Now we know that this civilization had been wiped out by the radiation from an unknown meteor that fell to the earth in the early part of the last millennium, and that its inhabitants, the so-called'monsta', had to go to space in order to survive. The movie follows the story of an astronaut (Gunnar Hansen) and his journey to Saturn, where he meets and falls in love with a beautiful woman (Dillon) and the other crew members of the Saturn-bound ship. They meet as they begin their journey, as they struggle to survive in the harsh environment of space and lack of oxygen. The story, written by Michael P. Vermeer and directed by Michael Glimcher, is told in flashbacks in flashbacks.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant piece of work. The acting is masterful. The direction brilliant. The great song in the movie "Trouble In Paradise" by James Brown is beautiful. And the wonderful thing about the movie is the beautiful scenery. If you don't see this, then you don;t have a heart. You will go blind in admiration of the magnificent performances. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the first film I've seen that is, in my opinion, not a true story. I think it was beautifully photographed and well directed. I enjoyed the acting and the acting was excellent masterfully done.  It's a good story, a true movie, a good true story, and an entertaining and surprising ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the first of all "true crime" films that have dealt with the sexual abuse of children and young at the hands of adult. However, there were many good movies out there at the time, and the story has been expanded to include all forms of abuse.   In addition, there are many scenes of real people being abused, as it is in the "true story" but the film is very "realistic". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love the first few scenes of this movie. A very good story, a good directing, good photography, great music. A great movie, but if you like this one don't miss the great acting by William H Macy and excellent music. I have seen some movies with very little music and this was very enjoyable. I am not a big movie person, but this is one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was one of those kids when I was a kid and my parents got to take me and my friends out to the car to go to the movies. We went and I was so amazed how great it was. My parents always took me to the movie. I can't imagine the magic they put on. I always found the car exciting and fun, I can always remember the car jump scene, I don't know what my parents were going to do and brilliant. The best part was the music, my parents always played music in the car. I don`t remember my parents ever singing the car song. I remember a lot of my favorite memories of my childhood. I think it was a happy movie for kids and parents. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been on the IMDb for a few years, and while I'm a huge horror movie fan, I think this is a great movie. I watched this film at about the same time as "The Hills Have Eyes," another brilliant horror/fantasy movie, and it was that wonderful experience that really set the standard for me. The film really scared me in the beginning, but as the movie progressed, I became more scared of the characters. The ending was scary, and this is something that no horror film should leave out. The acting is great, and the fantastic atmosphere really made this film come true to my expectations of a scary movie. The only negative is that it is very long. I think most people are going to want to see the movie, but I don't think most horror fans will want to wait. This is a brilliant, scary movie! 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple, but it is very entertaining, as well as the music.  The director, Antonioni, is quite brilliant. In fact, he makes one of the best films ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is one of the best I've ever seen. A young American woman is taken in by the French countryside and ends up with her long dream in the land of dreams.  This is an interesting film, but is done well. I have to admit that the movie is a bit too predictable, but that's what I like about it. It is fun, but the plot is a little hard to follow. It also has a good ending, but it comes a little too late in the movie.  I think the movie works very well with the other movie I've seen from director Samira Makhmalbaf. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The beginning is great, but the great scene in the film is the end. It is a very touching and touching story. It does not focus on the main characters, but on the interactions of the main character, the main love interest and the main friend. All of these make the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces of film.  The story is a little too heavy, but the direction and cinematography brilliant. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very intriguing movie - not really about the "Mystery Men" - it is about a couple of guys who, after the death of their fathers, become friends, with one or more of them having secrets which could ruin their lives if exposed.  This is the first time I've seen the two stars work together in a film together - it's a good thing the other two are good in the film, as they can't really play together.   I was impressed with this movie, which is a good sign that more great actors are needed in Hollywood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Bambi" tells a story about the relationship between the Italian countryside and the European capital of Rome that has all the trappings of an Italian horror movie. The story takes place in the 12th century, as the city fathers try to appease the local population by offering them a taste of their own medicine. The villagers are not pleased. But their medicine is not a pleasant one... A powerful and sinister story with a haunting ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to see this film about 9 years ago when I was 15, I think. It was one of my favorite movies ever. It has very good acting and great camera work, and it has the classic "love at first sight" moment. The only drawback I found in this movie was that it is very long. A very great masterpiece! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you haven't seen it yet, the film has already been broadcast on the BBC. You can watch it by going to: BBC1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21,24,25,27,28,29,30,31,32,33,34,35,36,38,40,42,44,46,55,60,62,69,73,77,80,83,85,88,100,102,105,105. It is now being broadcast on BBC4 at 8:50 on Wednesdays at 7:50.  If the movie was first broadcast on TV, it is still being broadcast by the BBC at the time of writing this review. If you can see the movie in full color, you will understand why this is a great film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have ever seen.  The acting is superb masterfully directed and brilliant. The magnificent cast is great, the story beautiful, and the performances by all the players perfectly suited to their roles. I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the perfect romantic story about a single father and his single mother. They are both struggling with their infirm parents, the aging couple is in the hospital and has to stay on living in a house. A beautiful story of a man's life and the life of the older woman in the house. It will be shown in the spring of 1998 at the National Film Theatre in Austin, Texas. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very refreshing, funny and well-directed movie. It has a very simple story, it is very original and very well-thought out. I am not going to say any more, this is just a great movie, a very good one.  It is not all that great, it just works beautifully and makes you want to see more. It is really well-made and fun to watch and I hope I have the opportunity to see it again.  This movie has some of the most amazing scenery I have ever seen and it is truly breathtaking.  The main actor in the movie is David Spade. He is very talented in this movie and I would love to see him in more movies, he really is the greatest actor ever.  There is also a very talented and very talented young actress in the cast who plays the lead role. I think she really stole the show.   The movie has great acting in the main actors, the plot is simple, the ending is very funny and very realistic, and the special effects are great. I really enjoyed this movie, very good acting and a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny, if a stilted film. A man is planning a trip to Borneo in search of wild animals for a safari, so he hires a guide to help him find the animals. The guide is a very gentle, quiet man with a heart of gold. A big question: what kind of animal is the one he is looking for? He can't say for sure, but he's a huge mystery.   This film is about two men, who are both planning the same trip, and they meet on the trail a different kind of critter. The film is not about the big animals (like lions and tigers), but the big mystery of this movie.  A must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The title of the movie is 'The Great Marlboro' and refers to the great people of America who, in 1754, formed the nation of the Marlborough colony. The movie follows the story of the two sons of the famous Marlboros, and their interactions with the different characters.  The movie tells how a boy named John was adopted by the natives of the nearby town of Marlwood, and how he came to live with them and eventually became the mayor of the town.    As he meets with natives he learns to appreciate life and to value his own future.  While the movie was not an emotional experience for me, it was still pretty sad and pretty depressing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In order to appreciate this film properly, I need to mention the two main reasons that make it so great:  The music and sound of "The Shop Around the Corner" are beautiful and I think they fit perfectly together to create a musical masterpiece.  And the story itself is great. It is really not a story of the people who live near a big American town, but of a story about the people that live there.  I really don't like the fact that this film is not really about the story, but it is about the small town in America.  The story is of a woman who works at a local store, who lives near a riverbank and takes her dog to walk with her every day, and her interaction with a dog that she doesn't know and takes off with is not that exciting.   This film is a really good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this film when I was 16. It was so enchanting and terrifying, I wanted to leave the cinema room and never looked back! But this is the touching story of a woman who finds out that she is not a typical "b" movie fan, as some critics have stated, but a "true story." The film is a beautiful mixture of drama, horror and suspense. The pacing is slow and deliberate, the cinematography beautifully captures the claustraphobia of being trapped in the dark, the pacing and cinematography brilliantly convey the fear and helplessness of the character trapped in that dark place, and the sound is perfect for the story. The characters are realistic, and in some ways the movie was too harsh, for the audience. It would have been nice to have dealt with the emotional aspects of the movie, but it wasn't so dark, and had the same kind of impact as the original. The ending is also haunting, but the film is so touching, that it is hard not to get scared by it. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I like this film a lot. It's very emotional and I really don't care if it is for a kids movie, but if you want to see something original with good special effects and great acting you will find this movie.  This is a good kids movie. It is not a kids film, it's not a stupid kids film. It will not be kids films that are not emotional, it will not contain kids as they usually don't cry in this kind of movies, but it will make a great emotional movie. The ending is not one of the best endings I've ever seen, and that's very good. The only thing that can make me laugh in this movie is when the "kids" meet up with the "big" animals, and when they see their "big animals" they hug each other a lot and get a "big animal kiss". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces in the history of war films, and the most famous was the one made by Stanley Kubrick in "The Shining", a silent version of the true story of the relationship of a soldier's life and a woman's life, that took place in the Shining area of South Africa in the early 1970s.  The story begins with a soldier returning from the war, after a life in the bush, and his life is in danger. When the soldiers turn up, the soldiers are not as we are led to believe. They are a group of African soldiers and their leader, Major J. R. P. Nel, are African. They fight against the white army, and a small group of rebels. But they are in for a surprise. The rebels are led by the late African revolutionary leader, Zubeida. The soldiers are loyal to Zubeid, and he is planning to use them to take over South Africa. He is aided by the African villagers, who believe in the revolution of the people of the area.  We follow the soldier's trip to the village of the rebels, but there are many dangers. The villagers are afraid of the soldiers, and in the end we learn that the rebels were killed by the soldiers and not by the rebels. We see the rebels in their homes, and we see the soldiers in their tents with guns and rifles. This is one of the most depressing and brutal war film I have ever seen.  This is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces of the modern film.  The story is about the love between the young Meena and a man (Bhoomika Chahiyye) who has a wife (Zhang Ziyo). They marry only a year later and the story begins with them in their new home, living together, having a baby and trying to figure out their feelings.  This film does not fall into any of the clichés that are so common in other modern films. The story develops as their lives are intertwined and it is not a pity story of the couple who is in love. The husband is a good person, who is not allowed to be selfish or pick his wife up, while the wife is the same, but is the person who has to live with a selfish and greedy wife. Zhangiyo is also a very good character and she is a very ordinary person.  Overall, this is a beautiful film that I recommend to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a remake of a 1950's Japanese ghost story. In this case the story is set on a Japanese estate that is haunted by a strange and terrifyingly dark presence. A woman's husband is killed by a mysterious black ghost in their basement and the husband's ghost is killed in the house. The husband's spirit is haunted but his wife doesn't seem to notice that he is dead. But when the wife discovers that the ghost is her husband she begins to slowly see why he has returned to life. The plot is a good one with the cast of leading players including Masayuki Suo, Kiyomasa Kaneshiro,Hidehiko Hara,Akiko Ichiyoko,Aya Ueto and a very creepy young girl,Hideko Hara. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this as a child when it first came out and my parents bought it for me. I had never seen anything like it! I loved it!!  It was a very emotional and beautiful movie. The story is very good but the acting was great wonderful beautiful. I also think that the plot is very interesting and unique. The cast was great and I loved that. I loved how it was all about a boy who is torn between a life of his parents and a life with his parents. I was very touched by the music.  This is a great movie! I wish my parents and all the people who loved it and those who did not. I hope they all get together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was really great acting by the two leads, the two main characters and the other cast members. I love all the characters, they are so diverse and so realistic. The director, Rene Garcia, brilliantly created the beautiful setting of the island of Pálvigalpa in the Galápagos Islands. He did a great job also, the landscapes and settings were beautiful and interesting.  The beautiful setting is one of the most amazing places to film. It was created in a magnificent light, very colorful, very surreal, very eerie and very surreal setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of independent film, with good acting and good directing. It features some truly great character actors, including the wonderfully named David Tomlinson as the film's main antagonist.  In the film, Tomlison is a wily, but evil genius, with his own special brand of magic. It's hard to believe that he achieved so much great magic in such a short time, and this is one he made in his time. It is a mystery, and is not one to be solved. It also has great production values. It may not be a masterpiece, but it certainly has great character and great direction.   The ending, which was really surprising and yet not a tear-jerker, is a very powerful one. It has great emotional impact. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very interesting movie. I found it to be one of the great romantic comedies of the 20th century, and it was a pity that I had seen the movie before it came out because I am only a movie buff. This is the first film that is based on actual facts and real life, but was made as a satire of the modern world.  It is not the only film that deals with real life issues, but it is the one that made me so angry that I stopped laughing. The movie reminded me of a bad movie I saw about the Japanese occupation in World War 2. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was a fascinating look at the relationships of two women and their relationships with each other.  The first thing I want to say is that it was well done, with strong performances from both leading ladies.   It was also interesting to see how the other characters in the movie reacted to their "friends".  I also like the concept of "romantic relations" that were not all that romantic and the fact that they were in "joke" mode all the time.  Overall, a great film and an intriguing concept. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts out well in a way, but after great scenes such as the car scene, which makes one feel like a child again, and the one when the doctor's office is shown (the best part of the movie) the real magic begins.  This is a very good film, but the film isn't perfect, but great entertainment nonetheless.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating film - a modern update on the story of a disgraced doctor who becomes a great friend to the dying young woman he is treating.  It is not so much about the story, but about the process of the patient's treatment, and the various opinions expressed by various characters and how the doctor's opinion is formed.  The performances by David Duchov, John Lithgow, and others are well chosen and quite different from the typical film, which may not have the best or the worst performances of the period.  This is a good film with a modern twist. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an indie film that focuses on the lives of two people, and how their lives have become intertwined. The two leads are very good, and it shows in a beautiful setting. I think the film was very well done, with good direction, great performances from all the actors, great camera shots and great cinematography. It also makes me feel that we all have an interest in the lives and struggles of the two leads. This film is full of surprises and surprises, which keep the audience wondering. It's also full of good stories, which make the audience wonder what is the hidden agenda. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the series of Inspector Gadget then you will love this show. This show is very similar to the first Inspector Gadget show. The animation is very fun to watch. I think the series will last a long time in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was perfect. It was very creative, but beautiful. The cinematography was brilliant, the settings beautiful and memorable. I have always loved that, but this movie blew me away. I'm surprised that this movie won a best picture Oscar, which is quite rare for a TV movie.  I would recommend it to anyone who likes good, beautiful cinematography and beautiful locations. I also recommend the movie to those who like movies without any kind of meaning, such as The Last Picture Show, The Pursuit of Happiness, The Piano Tuner, The Rainmaker, The Godfather, The Last Word. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of the masterpieces of independent film. It is a wonderful little film about a group of people who meet one night in a bar. Everyone is drinking and eating, and everyone is talking about their dreams and their problems. One man says he has something he wants to say to the group, so he takes his beer, puts it in his mouth and says "I've never done anything so beautiful in my life." Everyone laughs and agrees with him.  Later, as they are driving home, they decide to take a detour to get to their dreams. So, they take a different road and take another road. But as they drive, they see a mountain and a beautiful view. This is the beginning of their journey to finding their dreams, and this is where their journey begins.    I love all independent films, but I have seen most of the big ones. This movie is really good, and I have to recommend this to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not every day that I watch movies, so I thought I'd give this movie a try.  It is a very fun and well made movie. The story is based on the real life relationship of a mother and daughter, who are living in a small village. They are having problems. They have to work and have problems, which are really quite normal. The actors have great chemistry and great acting abilities. It is the first movie that I've seen with my kids that wasn't so much of a chore to watch.  I don't think I've laughed out loud in a long time! This movie has great message. I have to say that I had to watch it again, and I did!  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing that really irked me was that the script master beautifully captured the mood of post-war Japan. There were no scenes of such utter bleakness or desperation. The masterful visual beauty and intricacies of the plot make it an unforgettable experience. I wish more people understood this beauty of post war Japan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea of the film in its simplicity is very clever, as it could be, but this movie delivers stunning visuals and intriguing ideas.  In one scene, the director uses large scale photography and a stunning colour theme to give an idea of a child's world. This is an unsettling picture, and it is scary for some reason.  The film has a very disturbing ending, which shocks you to the core.   It's very disturbing, and very disturbing for some.  If you enjoy the disturbing and disturbing, this is the right movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, I think I've seen the great version, but the original is much better than the 1997 version. The best scene is at the beginning when the main character is in the hospital with a fractured skull. The scene is one of the great scenes. The rest is great. A great scene with the skull still in his head is one the best and the other great scenes are amazing and very chilling. It is a chilling ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The beginning of the movie was fantastic, but the great scene was the first one, and i loved it. The movie is really good, the story is good, and some scenes are a bit too long, and there are some weird characters, which i can't reveal, but i don't want to ruin the story, as i don´t want to spoil it for you, as it´s the main reason why i give this movie a 7 out of 10.   8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first thing I liked about this movie was how well it was directed and the cinematography. The film was stunningly beautiful and breathtakingly beautiful. The music was beautiful, the cinematographic beautiful, and the emotional impact of this movie powerfully touched my heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only flaw is that it isn't very good and that's why it isn`t a masterpiece, or even a sequel. In fact, the first time I heard of it I was very surprised that it didn`t sound like the original, I can`t imagine it`s that masterpieces do not need to be remade, it`S great. Also, I would have given this movie 10/7, 10/10, 10.5, 11, 10, 11.5. I`m amazed that this masterpieces works and that it`M not a masterpiece. I would like to see this movie again and to tell you all my feelings about this movie: I love the first two movies of this trilogy, I think I have watched it all! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie! My favorite scenes were the one where the main character, the lady who played the lead, was having fun and was surrounded by a beautiful garden and pond with lots of animals. The acting was great and I enjoyed the beautiful garden scene. I also liked the acting of the other actors in this movie. I recommend this movie to everyone!   8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the masterpieces from the wonderful folks over at MST3k.com. It has some great quotes from a couple of the cast and a good story for the kids. I liked the plot.  It has a pretty good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of the movie was very unique and creative, and I love that, especially when there are so many characters to keep track of, and you have to be able to recognize them. The movie is a must see for anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was about 7 and I still remember it as a very odd curiosity movie. I must confess I was extremely surprised by the characters, plot and overall presentation. The acting is great and I like the fact that they use a lot of great acting. The plot is quite unique and there are some great surprises in this movie. The special effects are great and some beautiful images. The movie is very good in general and very good, the songs are great.   I have to say that the ending is a surprise, if you haven't seen it, it's still good, and I can't wait for it to be released. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie, I think it was really masterfully crafted to make a great story and it was a good story to tell. I loved the relationship between the two main characters, I felt that they were in love, I mean the main characters had a very interesting relationship and that was very interesting. I don't think it made any difference whether it was the main character or any other one, I just think that there were a lot of great moments and the plot was great. It was a very enjoyable film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end, "The Grudge" is a great movie, with great acting, great directing, great photography, great music, great settings, great locations and great use of the natural world in stunning natural settings. It is a true story about the life of a couple of British hunters, as they go on a journey to kill a bear cub. They will meet in a local nature reserve, and the bear will make his first appearance.  I saw "The Hunt" at the National Film Theatre in London, and I was surprised by the experience.  The story of the hunters and their bear is a story told with such realism and use of natural settings, that it is a believable tale. However, the main characters are British actors, the actors were excellent and the settings were magnificent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very emotional film. It's the kind of film that you can take or leave. It has a kind of dreamlike quality that most people will find hard to bear. It also features a few haunting images, but those do not detract from the film in any way. This is one of those films that has great cinematography and great atmosphere. I like the concept of the dream sequence in this film. I liked the concept. It is a mix of surrealism and very dreamlike cinematography. It contains a lot of haunting images and a lot creepy dreams. The plot is also very imaginative. I really think that people who don't like this movie will probably find this film very disturbing. If you liked "The Lost Highway", you will probably not like this one. If your a movie freak, like me, I would strongly recommend this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title of this movie is the wonderful movie. The title refers to the story of the three friends and their pursuit of the life of a professional football player. They are all on the same page. The story is a real one and there are great performances by the actors. The movie is also very short, so it is a good film. If you have not seen this movie yet, don't miss it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great line in this movie is, "I wonder if it's the best movie ever?" Well I can't help but ask myself this question, after seeing this masterpiece. Yes, the story is interesting, and yes, the ending has a happy ending, but I still love the ending, it is one of the most beautiful endings that I have seen. The plot is very great and it makes you wonder what happened. A very touching movie, I wish I had seen this movie when I was younger. 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As far as the movie is concerned, it is not "Bollywood" but "Lahrungs-Siri". "Luhraunungs" is the first movie where the concept of "Lohrung" (Lahraun in Hindi) is used in the title of the movie. "Lihrung-Si" is used to refer to the mountain that is the place of the action in the movie, which is not necessarily the same thing as the concept. This is the second movie where two famous Indian directors (Kapur and Boman Irani) use this concept. The plot is also very good and the music is quite beautiful.  The plot of "Nedicar" is very similar and also quite good, but not at all as good as "Lahs". The story is not the best in the Hindi movie and has a different approach.    There are still many plots that can be found in other Hindi movies, and this one will be one of them.  This is a must-see movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a simple and beautiful film with an intriguing storyline. It is very well done and the actors are good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this show, and I am surprised how long it will last... I just saw it this week, and have only seen it three times, and still i am surprised.  The acting is masterfully diverse, and the characters are believable. The show is great, and there is great music, great art and great acting. I have always been a fan of the show, but I really enjoyed this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know what people are complaining about here. I just love the series. I don´t care if the next series is like the first one or if the movie will be a re-play of the first series. The only thing that I have seen in this series so far was the movie "Kon Tiki" starring Christopher Plummer. I was impressed by the direction and the beautiful Japanese scenery. The cinematography was brilliant and the story beautiful. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a stunning, stylish and intelligent movie. I think it is an amazing series. If you want to watch the movie, just wait for it to come on to TV. I will do my best to get my copy to you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this film about a couple of years ago on TV. It was a fairly ordinary film, but not boring at all. There was good humour, a good script, and a good direction. The story is of a woman (Paz Vega) who returns to her childhood home after her marriage and sees her childhood friend (Brigitte Lin) being attacked by another woman (Eleanor Calig) who is having an affair. She is very upset and calls for help.   One thing I found interesting was the relationship between Paz Vega and Brigitte Lin. Paz and Brigitta were the two main reasons why I was watching this film, and it wasn't just because of the plot. The two women played a very good game of survival, and there were great scenes where they were on the verge of death.  Overall, a great film! 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very heartwarming, happy movie. The acting is great, and the story is unique. I wish this movie had come out in 1995, I miss it by a mile, it is so beautiful, and i love all the cast for their performance, this movie deserves 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the very first feature film of the new "Alain Boule" director, Gerard Philippe. The movie deals with an affair that takes place between a doctor and his wife, and the complications it causes. This film is full of atmosphere and suspense. It is very suspenseful and full of shocks. The suspense builds gradually and in the end you are ready to believe that something really bad is going to happen. This is not a film to scare people. It should make people question what is real and what is not.  This movie is also very disturbing, disturbing, shocking, disturbing and disturbing. It was the very last time I saw Gerard Philippe's work, and I can't imagine he made a great movie in the first place. This movie isn't a movie that will be able to stay in the memory of its audience for very long, so I will give it a try.    9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Gripping" is a great film.It is a story about a young Italian woman (Virginia) who is struggling to live with her parents in the Italian countryside.The film is shot in the rural setting of the area.The rural setting is one of the most beautiful places in the world.The people are very hard-working,very happy,and very afraid of losing their jobs.The area is under a very heavy rainfall and has very little electricity.The cinematography is great and the camera is very good.The story is very realistic.The music is beautiful,the colors very colorful and the scenes very interesting.The scenery is beautiful and the settings interesting and the people very simple and natural.I would like to see more films from this Italian director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second of two short films in the "Mystery Men" series. I'm a big fan of the series and it was nice to see the "first" Mystery Men", which I have seen many times, was so good. This is just a short 20 minutes adventure. It's all about the adventure, the laughs, the action, the suspense, the romance, and the crazy special effects, and that's it. I had to go see it, it was awesome. I was hooked, thrilled, and I loved it!  It's the second time I have been surprised by the "mystery men". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the life of a parrot (Pom Pom) is one of the most unique birds-and-the-parrot genre movies I have ever seen. The parrots are adorable, colorful and intelligent animals that live and enjoy living in the wild. They are also very intelligent and have a sense of humor that is not shared by humans.   The movie features four very good birds (a caddie, a jake, a finch and a pigeon)who have a very hard time understanding the situation and each of them is able to give a different interpretation. They help the humans, and the humans help the birds.  I have to recommend this movie to any bird-and the-parrots fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to see a good documentary on WW2, then this is the perfect movie. The interviews of the "big names" in the war are so fascinating that they are almost lost in their own unique way. A documentary that was made during the war is still relevant even after a quarter century. In this way, it is an excellent documentary. The best parts are at the beginning and the end, which are filled with interviews from the war that show the "struggle" of the war as it went on. The acting is also great, but that is to be expected. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most beautiful and underdeveloped romantic-comedy I've ever seen. It's a bit slow, I guess, but it's fun and it makes a great film.  There's also a nice plot. It involves a woman and her friends, who are playing match maker with her sister, who is getting married, and a rich businessman who is in dire need of cash.  They meet on a train and decide to spend the night together, and then they decide to go back to his home and have a big fight. The next morning, the woman is dead, and the rich businessman is the happy one.  The film is a nice change of pace. The old cliché of the two unhappy happy endings is a bit too much for some, but I can't complain about this film, as I don't think the film is all that great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was wonderful. The acting brilliantly captured the essence of the conflict. The portrayal of a child's life is one of those films where you can't help but get drawn into the world of the child. The film never let up the intrigue, and as a result is quite gripping.  This film isn't all that bad. The cinematography is breathtaking, and the film is well crafted. The direction is masterful. The performances are great, especially from the lovely Catherine Zeta Jones, and her fine performance is a joy to behold. This is a must see for all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise is simple: the world is made up of 4 major types of moviegoers.  These types are: 1) those who see it in their own minds, which will believe in the absolute perfect existence; 2) those that will watch it because they are curious and are on drugs; 3) those with a high metabolism that make them feel very good and are in the mood for something interesting. And last but not least, the 4th type.  The story of 4 men who live a normal life in a big city in America is told in compelling flashbacks to the 4 men in their dreams, and then their dreams return in full force.  I found the first 2 segments to be quite intriguing, but this one masterfully shows how each of these men has a life in their heads and a past that is truly terrible.   I am a huge B5 movie fan and have seen every B5 film I could find, and while watching this movie, I noticed that the movie was not for me. It was unique and I wanted to see something different, and I liked the fact that the director took a very humanistic view of the whole movie. The way it made me feel like I was able to realize and understand the world and my thoughts about the world, was amazing. I also enjoyed the fact the actors were real, and it made the movie even more real. The acting was great, and that is compliment to the great acting by the great actors.  Also, the movie shows how the 4 major life problems of these guys, which are drug use, alcoholism, unemployment, etc, are connected.  It was a great movie, and the movie is not just for drug users, or for the person who's looking to escape their problems and enjoy their normal life, but it shows how all of these things are interconnected, and in fact, how all these problems are interconnected.  A good film to watch if you want to understand and see the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts off with a wonderful score by the wonderfully named "Liv Tyler" and has great acting from all of the actors.  The plot is a wonderful idea and the story is very interesting and unique. It's not the typical "love story" type that has been done a lot in Hollywood. The story and the cast are very interesting, although it's not a bad movie.  There are some beautiful cinematography scenes and beautiful images. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love the sound and the visuals of this film. The story is engaging, the cinematography beautiful, the settings inspiring, the dialog masterfully crafted and well chosen.  The only flaw I could see was that it was so touching. It's an emotion that's hard to describe. The characters are all believable and I personally found that all of them had strong individual characteristics and motivations that made them come to life. The beautiful sound design was a magnificent musical touch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I watched this film over a hundred times on different occasions and the result is still the same: great cast. great cinematography masterfully shot. great acting. great great great film. wonderful great film and beautiful great film! great film!!! great film!! great great movie!!! great cast great cinematographic masterfully directed, great cinemascope great masterfully photographed and great music! great great music great great masterpieces great great cinemas masterpieces beautiful great music beautiful great cinematism masterpieces perfect masterpieces masterpieces. great music. perfect perfect beautiful great great works perfect masterworks perfect great film, great great story great film perfect master works great great cast perfect beautiful cinematography perfect story beautiful cinematographer great great performances great master works perfect great work master works beautiful beautiful great masterwork great master work beautiful great. beautiful great work great masterworks great movie perfect perfect masterwork perfect. perfect master work perfect perfect perfect great cast brilliant great cast, perfect music perfect great cinematically perfect great great work perfect beautiful and great master piece perfect for everyone. perfect work perfect and perfect film perfect perfect for every occasion perfect movie. perfect story perfect perfect.perfect perfect for all. perfect for everybody and perfect for the movie perfect for me. beautiful perfect movie perfect master piece. perfect works perfect and great great! perfect for any movie! perfect works for all of us. great cast flawless beautiful great acting perfect master pieces perfect perfect song perfect. great master. great song perfect master! perfect movie for me perfect perfect match perfectly. perfect, perfect movie masterpieces of the world perfect works perfectly together perfect perfect film! perfect. perfectly perfect master for everyone! great movie, great story perfect work. great masterpiece. perfect. masterpieces to show a great master of movies and the one true masterpiece of all time. perfect match perfect for a perfect story and perfect match a perfect movie... perfect for anyone. perfect to tell a story that most people have never seen the whole world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to see this at a recent screening of this film, and enjoyed every moment. The characters are unique and you get to know them and their struggles. The film is filled with humor, action, romance, romance and drama. The director and producer have done a great job of showing the many different types of life that the characters live in and make jokes about them all at once.  If you want to watch a movie with your kids, this is the perfect movie for your kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I don't remember much about this movie from when it was originally released," said Ed Harris when I interviewed him on a DVD set from the UK. "I only recently found out that this movie was in a video collection at a local library and so I wanted to get my hands on a copy. Well, the great genius who made the original "I think I'll stick with the original and then find the DVD if it ever comes up in a sale." So, it is that great genius that I found on this wonderful and very unique piece of film.  I found it quite fascinating how Ed Harris found out about this, but I still found myself wanting to watch it again, so I went to the library to find it on DVD.   I wasn't sure if it was the master, and the DVD cover looked so intriguing, but after watching it I had the same feelings about this wonderful film that I had when I was a kid.  "If you've ever got the urge to watch this film, I'd say I'd suggest a nice bath." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am just giving this film my own rating, I thought it was very beautifully directed, well thought, and I enjoyed the characters and the storyline very much. I would highly recommend this film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first of the two films that I saw was The Godfather, but I am not sure if that is the best of the Godfather series.  The God Father is a very well directed movie with a great script and great acting. It is a movie with great atmosphere and great cast, the beautiful Kate Capshaw and John Lithgow are excellent in their roles, and the beautiful, and I mean beautiful, Kate Capaw's performance in this is simply amazing.  This is not a movie for kids, but it is a great movie for parents and a great day for kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only flaw that I found in this movie is that it has an ending. A great story line, great acting, great beautiful cinematography masterfully crafted, great brilliant performances by the beautiful Maria Popistasu, great music and great beauty. Perfection! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this film at my grandmother's house when I was 4 years old and it still haunts me.  The only problem with this film is that it was made in the early 60's when a huge revolution was going on in the country and there was lots of fear.  I have seen it over 25 times and it has always been a huge crowd-pleaser.  It was a pretty scary film when I first saw it and the film still remains scary in an old-school, low budget way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of the movie is a very good little movie. The action in the movie starts out well and is very intense. Later the movie becomes awesome great and is awesome great. The story is beautiful and the special effects amazing. The soundtrack is beautiful as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is one of those masterpieces that comes out of Hollywood every now and then. But in the end, this masterpiece is worth watching.  A good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of my favorite movies. I can't say I loved it. It had beautiful cinematography, great music, great directing, great editing, great casting, great cinematography. A great cast.  Excellent film. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only "true story" in this movie is the relationship of the two main characters, who, despite their differences, find themselves in love with the same girl. The plot is a good one, and the movie shows that in the end, people have a choice to live happily or to die.  This movie was great at showing how the world is slowly changing, and how, in some places, it will remain the same.  It also shows that people can make mistakes, and that this can sometimes be in the best interest of the whole world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a masterful and beautiful piece of acting. It was written and directed wonderfully and the cinematography masterfully captured the emotional power of the story. I am a little surprised that the best of the movie was taken. The use of black and white footage in a story of black people as a result of racial segregation is not always easy to avoid but it is an effective way to show the emotional scars of a situation that is rarely dealt with. It is an over-the-top and very disturbing movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film in a cinema in the middle of the seventies and was very impressed by it. It was a great and original film. I have not seen it in a long time and am still surprised. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is based on a very real story about two guys that had a long dream. The plot is based in the real-life friendship of the two guys. It is very touching, and it does not try to hide the movie by being too sentimental, it is very natural and realistic.  The cinematography is great, it has great use of natural light and lots of great use to great effect. The music is great. The movie really is great in every aspect.  My rating is 4/5, but i do give it a 7/10, that is the highest rating i have given it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main story concerns the friendship of two brothers of the famous "Brother from another planet" who have made a pact not to disturb each other in the slightest.  The first brother is killed when the Earth is attacked by a space ship carrying the "brother from another world".  After the attack, the brothers take off with their new found friend, a girl named "Kris" who has the ability to fly.  Together they go to meet "Kri" who is a former "brother" who made a deal with Satan.  "Krishan" is a very brave young boy who wants to be a pilot, and a brave girl who wants revenge on "Kras" who she thinks killed her brother.  When "Krrishan", the brave boy, goes to meet his "brother", he finds a "brother of Satan", and "brother to the Creator".  He is attacked again by "Kra" the very brave boy who has fallen from the sky, and they become friends.   When the brothers make their deal, the "Brother of Satan" dies and the "master" appears, and "Krus" and "Ra" have the upper-hand again.  This is a really great movie that has everything that a good horror film has: suspense, suspense, beautiful special effects, a good story, great acting, good directing. I enjoyed this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, the movie is a very good drama. The story is touching and it can be interpreted in many different ways. It can be used to support a family, to teach about the nature of life on an island, or to try to put a different perspective on it. In the end, the viewer can decide how they wish to view the movie.  It is important to note that the movie does not glorify any one, it just shows how they feel about their island and their situation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this film a lot, but I have seen too many films about this kind of movie and none are as good as this one. The script is beautiful, beautiful and great. It has a great plot, beautiful music and good directing. The acting is great and works perfectly. The direction is great, the cinematography perfect. And the best of all, this is a movie you can watch anytime, anywhere. I recommend this movie, it's amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a very avid viewer of British films. This is a comedy which I've been looking for ages. This has been in my wish list since I've seen the trailer for it on the BIF website, and I can't wait to see it.  It stars two very talented actors and it is so natural and so stylised that it works perfectly.  The actors are very good in this film, especially Peter Cushing (as the main character) and David Tomlinson (as Cushing's friend).  The movie also has a very good theme (I thought of "Little Britain", the title of the television show of which I am an avid fan), and has a few great lines which you will not understand at first.  I love the first scene where Peter tries to get his dog to walk on a slippery surface, and the dog gets scared and runs away. Then the rest of the movie is great.   I don't know what the plot is, and to be honest, I'm not a huge fan of Peter Cush's work, so maybe I should.  If you are looking for a funny and unusual British film, watch this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It was one of the great romantic comedy films in the early '70s, with a plot that's almost as old as the telephone. In fact, I have seen all of the films and TV specials. In the case of "Moe", it is a love story with great dialog, including a scene where all the characters are on the phone, discussing their feelings and feelings of loss and longing. It's very natural, but when it comes to the actual movie, the dialog is great, and the movie is amazing.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the movie. I liked it very much and it was a very emotional movie. The acting is beautiful, especially from the two main actors. The story is very believable and beautiful. The camera is beautiful and the special effects beautiful.   My rating is 4/5. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "The Mother" is a very interesting film with great music and a good plot. The film is a love story between a mother of two children and her husband. The Mother tries hard to make her dreams come true.  "This is the Mother" was the second Mother's day. Her dream took her to the seaside in her little town in Georgia and then to heaven. She is a mother who dreams of becoming a mother again, and finds out that her dreams of motherhood are true. The movie has a very good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of an Indian woman in search of her father, an Englishman, and her two sons, is set in the summer of 17th century. She comes to the village of her birth, as she has a history with her father's family, in search for her missing brothers. She is aided by an old man who tells her about the great siren song, and how her brother, her brother and her sister were murdered.  The woman and her family set out to find their way home, but they get lost in the woods. Her search is interrupted by a man in a neighbouring village, who informs her that she is lost and can't find her way home. She makes her way into the forest, where she discovers the head of a deer, and goes into the water to rest. She soon discovers the man has taken her brothers with him, but he has become lost as well. They are guarded by the Great Rannik, and the two sons are very scared and fearful, and are scared of the woman.  Great Ranniik is very hard to defeat. She has great stealth, and is able to surprise and overwhelm the attackers, and she can easily avoid most traps and other obstacles.  It is a difficult movie to find, but it is definitely worth watching. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a lot of bad movies. Most of them were great. This one is great. It has great acting and great special FX, special FX and great fun. The special FX in this movie are great. They use the best special FX FX I've ever seen. It also has the best fun I've EVER seen. The story is very good, the characters are fun, and the special FX are awesome. This is a great movie, especially if you enjoy a good laugh. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful and original take on a story of love, sex and money.   The movie starts with the story of a young woman (Penny) who falls in love with her father (the director of the movie, Robert Altman) and his family.  A very interesting and touching love story, with the father (Bobby) and the son (Dennis) going through the awkward and embarrassing stages of puberty together.  The ending is surprising and very poignant, but the ending is very surprising and surprising.  Altman does a great job of directing this movie, while the rest of the cast does fine work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most romantic and romantic anime ever created! The plot is very simple, romantic, and yet the ending makes it so enchanting and beautiful! I love that the movie never goes to a new place, that is the whole beauty of the movie! It is a very simple and touching story, and I recommend everyone to watch this. I hope everyone sees it again!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good film with a lot of good acting and great scenery and special effects.It also has a great plot and it's full of surprises!The best scenes are the ones that are used in this film.The only reason I give this a 9/10 is because of the soundtrack and great FX.The special FX were great and amazing.The film was beautiful.I highly recommend this movie to anyone interested in horror/sci-fi/dark/comedy or comedy/romance.It's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original story of the life of Mr. Levinson (Peter Falk) is a touching and very honest portrayal of a real person who has come home from a long vacation in the country's rural countryside to find he has lost his wife and his daughter. When he returns, he finds that his old friend is now living in the old house in which he grew up, having left his own home to return to a simpler time.   The movie covers the life and struggles of two elderly folks, but it is done with great attention to detail, capturing the essence of their lives with care and love, and it is interesting to see how they change and mature in the different years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a young, and very brave woman, fighting to survive, in a jungle jungle-like setting. Her journey, in her life, is full of peril and peril. The film is full with jungle atmosphere, jungle music, and it's very exciting, and that's what this film should be. I am not a big fan of war movies, but this one fits the bill perfectly.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie, but it is so good, it doesn't try to be cheesy, it's wonderful and it works. It is great to watch in slow motion and enjoy when it is not trying to work at all, I thought it was very entertaining. This movie was beautiful, but I can't go over to detail. The ending alone is great and there is a beautiful scene where she is in a car with her baby. She and her little guy go over the edge and the car flips over, she is so scared, she tries to jump out of the car and runs away. Her little guy gets in and he is scared as well. It's really good. It will make you jump and scared to death. I thought this movie was wonderful and I hope there is hope for others to see it as well as me. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was an inspiring story. It has a unique plot and some of the actors go for a trip to a small American town and experience real life, but they don't play a huge role, so we get a chance to see how they feel and how their lives have changed since their time in the city.  This is a very interesting movie with a very strong plot and very emotional scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie for those who like their action movie action and a little movie to pass the time. It has all the action of an action movie, it has the car sequences, the car jump sequences, and of course the shootouts. All of this happens in real time and at great speed. The best part of the movie is when it is over, after everything is done, you can see the scene again and get the feeling of how good it was. This movie is very close to the movie of the action movie "the chase for the killer in the streets of London". So if you like this movie and are looking for something close, i would say "the Chase for the Killer in the Streets of London" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great films in the modern era. A story of man vs nature, man vs man, man versus nature, etc.  This film is the result of a long time of dedicated work by many great filmmakers.  A man finds his way into the life of a very old tree in the woods, in a small town, in order to get some wood to build a cabin on it's trunk.  The man ends up not only having a cabin but also ends up being attacked by the creature, which seems to have a mouth of leaves, that eats his leaves, then kills him.  One other great aspect of this film is that the sound is very interesting and the film is very well made and well made. I am surprised that this film hasn't been released. It certainly seems that the man was very brave, and the filmmakers masterfully captured the essence of what this man went through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite animated films. It is more realistic, has more intense emotions and is more of a story than many of the others.  The movie has many parts that are so creative, but they all fit together well together. I especially liked the ending. It made me feel that it was an ending that had been thought, not a happy ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the movie 3 times now (twice with friends and twice in the theater). I thought the movie was very original and very interesting. The story is very believable, especially the acting of the actors. The direction is great masterful and brilliantly realized. The movie is beautiful, it has a great story and great music. The plot is great, and the movie is great.  I recommend this movie to everyone. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with a beautiful and tragic ending and there are several great performances and the story is a great one. The actors give their best with the beautiful scenery and the magnificent scenery, they all have wonderful emotions and the end result is great. The movie also has many beautiful images in it and I really like them.  The movie has a very beautiful acting and a very good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the best documentary I've ever seen. The only problem with it is that the English in it is very hard to understand. This movie is so interesting and I recommend it to everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I first saw this film about a year ago on the big screen in Rome and I went to see it again and again. I can still remember the first time I saw it, I was amazed, I had no idea what I was seeing. But the wonderful experience I had watching this beautiful film made me appreciate all Italian movies.    In the end, I am amazed that the story was so touching and that it could be made in such a short time, the acting brilliant. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "Kon Tiki" (1933), a comedy with an unfortunate title, is a wonderful example of the kind of comedy that could have easily been made by the creators of "A Chorus Line" or "Mr Magoo". It features a number of talented Japanese actors (particularly Sho Watanabe, Sho's father) playing various roles, and the entire film is a wonder to watch. The story focuses on Sho's attempts to get revenge on his father (Kon Ichiro) who has done away with his family. The comedy in the film has been lost in translation, and I found myself laughing at it from the beginning, while also suffering from a sense of shame that such great talent had given such masterful performances.  It's obvious that "Kai" is a parody of "Chorus Line", the story of revenge and retribution, which is a theme in many Japanese comedies. The only downside is that this film is extremely short, and therefore not too much of a chore to get through.   However, if you are a big fan of Sho Watans, or a big one, you might find this funny in this film. I'm unsure why, since "Kôi" is not one of his many films, and has only been released in Japanese on the VCD format. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hundstage" is the best movie of all time. It is about a boy who gets kidnapped by a group of terrorists. When he gets released he goes home and becomes a soldier. One of his comrades is killed and the boy goes to avenge the death. He goes to the terrorists and they are killed in a gun fight and his name is revealed.  "Kundstage is a true documentary of one man's quest to find his missing brother, the other side of the coin of his life." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a great piece of acting. The script is great, beautiful cinematography beautiful and the film is creative. The direction is great as well. I recommend this film to everyone. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said before that this is the best "romance" film I've ever seen. I liked "Romance" the first time I saw it, and it was very creepy. I don't think it's the best romance I've seen, but the best. The plot is very interesting and keeps you guessing the whole time.  The movie is good in every way. It's a love story, but not a romance. The best part is the movie's ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the movie on TV a couple of times and I have been looking for it for ages now. It is definitely not the best movie I've ever seen, it is a great, if a little slow paced, and I was pleased with the direction, acting, and script. I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not going to go into too much detail. I would say that the whole series is superb. The characters are all believable and so are the story. I don't think that any of the performances are anything over the top. The movie is brilliant and the cast, which is excellent, are brilliant. It's also very well directed and the sound is superb, as is the cinematography and great music. If you haven't seen the series before, then I would recommend you to go and see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard of this movie years ago and really was surprised to see it when I saw it on the IMDb movie "Stolen" years later. I was stunned when I realized it wasn't some kind of "horror" movie with a lot of violence. It was a great movie that is very suspenseful, suspenseful and very suspense filled. I have seen many horror films, and this is definitely not one of the masterpieces that has come to be considered a true horror movie. I loved it, and I am surprised that this one isn't a classic of horror movies. It certainly is not in the top 100 of horror or suspense, and it isn't all that great. I'm surprised that it made it to the IMDB's top 100 all the way to the very top. I would love to see a movie with more true horror, suspense and suspense to it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very well done, but i do think that there are some flaws with the story, the characters are not all of the brilliant individuals in the movie.  The movie is great, it has great acting, great cinematography and great great great story lines. The cinematography master works beautifully, and i enjoyed this movie, it's a great movie and it's very well made, and I really recommend this movie to anyone. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, the story is interesting. I have to say, the best part of this film is the great acting of Claire Dain and the excellent acting of the young Samantha Morton. She is really beautiful and is able to look stunning and is very talented in the beauty and acting.  Second, I am pleased with the choice of cinematography and great cinematography. The cinematography is great and well crafted and well directed. Also, the beautiful, natural landscapes really enhance the landscapes. I am not very familiar with natural photography.  Third, the music is great, and the music in general is great. The music is full of beauty and emotion. All the actors in the film, especially Claire Daine, Samantha Morton and Claire Dains, are really excellent in their portrayals. Also they are very good in their roles. I hope that the soundtrack will be released on CD someday soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title of this is a bit misleading, because it was not intended to be a romantic drama. It was simply a wonderful movie and the performances are fine. The film is good but not great. The script is great. beautiful cinematography and great beautiful film. The music is great and the beautiful cinematographic scenes beautiful. The ending is wonderful. I recommend the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a great cast. It is filled with great acting, great story and great special effects. The plot is solid, the characters are believable, the scenes unique and so are the scenes in the movie. I like the idea of the movie as a movie with the whole idea of it being a thriller and I think it can be a great movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a superb and touching film. It is a love story. The actors portray the characters well and I have to say that this is one of the best films ever made. I also like the plot. It seems to be very believable and it is very touching. I would recommend this film to anyone who is interested in acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of my favorite Twilight Zone episodes. The story was more interesting, the characterizations more realistic and the pacing and visuals more engaging. I also enjoyed the music. I was drawn into this and felt sorry for Nick, who had his own story to tell and I was not able to share it.  This episode also had a nice musical theme and it helped me get more involved with the characters. I hope that this show comes back. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is the special effects, which were magnificent. It was breathtaking, beautiful, and fun. The only thing that could be better than the great performance by Jack Nicholson was the fantastic story. I think this movie has the magic that only Disney can produce. It has a plot, beautiful characters, and wonderful special effects. Disney has done it again!  The story is good, the songs are great, and the movie is fun to watch. It's a must see for Disney fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In one of the many recent reviews, the one written by someone who is familiar with the movie is one that doesn't recognise the essence of the film. The movie is the movie that I have seen for the first time. It has a story of many small, often trivial characters, the main one being a family that has never been very happy. The story is about a father who is very unhappy with his sons and wants to get rid of them, and he tries to make them into happy, but he succeeds in doing that, in a way. It also touches a mother who wants to have a child, but her husband doesn't want to let her.   It has not been the best movie I've ever seen, and I have only seen one movie that could have made this great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an indie film, this is a real treat. I've seen and enjoyed many of the movies directed by Lars von Trier, and they were great. This was a wonderful and moving film. The story is about a girl who meets a guy who's obsessed with making the perfect movie, and she has to decide if she wants to make her own movie, or if she'll stick to her day job. There's lots of drama and action, but if you want to see a great movie, see this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The beginning of this movie caught me off guard as I was looking forward to finally seeing this classic movie. But it was a wonderful movie that surprised me and I would recommend it to anyone interested in learning about the world of boxing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are at all interested in the history of the Caddie Shack, please see this movie. I would highly recomend this movie to anyone who has not seen the movie yet. Excellent history and entertaining entertainment!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the movie about 5 years ago. I was amazed. The story was gripping and the acting masterfully captured the terror and sadness of the characters. I would have loved to see the movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had seen this film at a recent film festival, and my first reaction was that it was brilliant, beautiful, and powerful. It's all of those qualities in one. I saw it in an old cinema, and was entranced by the brilliant acting. The camera was perfect, and the story was stunning. The direction was beautiful and touching, and it was powerful, but so powerful, and I wanted to see the movie again.  This is one of those movies that you want to see over and over again. The best way to see it is on video. I have seen it twice, and each time I see it again, I get the same feeling: the same feelings of loss and longing.  I love this film, and recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had always wanted to see this movie for quite some time, but I hadn't seen it yet.  It was very original and creative, but it wasn't pretentious and I didn't think it was very misleading, and the ending blew me away. I felt that it was powerful and had a very powerful message.  I was surprised by the performances of some of the actors.  The movie is one of the masterpieces that I've seen in a long time, and I don't think I'll ever get tired of watching it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born in the Netherlands. My father was a teacher in a middle school, and my mother a teacher at a high school. I like both. They are both good. I also like the other movies of the family.  My favorite movie was "Dancer in the Dark", I like it, I think. It is the movie with the most special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a photographer's trip to the island nation of Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) to show her new medium, 'fishing' (as she puts it) is a story of transformation, and she soon finds herself becoming the island's very own island princess.    What is remarkable is the film's visual style. Although the film is a little long (the last half hour is the shortest), the camera doesn't move anywhere and never gets noisy, which is what makes the film so stunning. The colour is rich, and the mood is set in an ethereal light. The lush scenery is breathtaking, the trees and foliage are wonderful and the sky is beautifully blue, and this is a beautiful picture. The music is the most haunting of any I have ever heard. The story itself is so great, that it seems impossible to put your finger on it, and I would love to give this film a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story follows a man's life as he goes from being a very shy and humble guy to a man who is killed by a stranger. The movie is a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The way that the story is developed and developed makes it real believable and makes it a good film. The story is great, but the performances by the actors are great, especially by the two leads. The camera is amazing, and I really love the cinematography and the beautiful scenery and settings. I like the cinematographic and the emotional story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original story, set in a post-apocalyptic world, was about a small town's inhabitants, struggling with the lack of resources and desperation. In this film, we see the townspeople struggling with everything from starvation to addiction. The story is very interesting, but the actors are strong and believable.  Overall, a great film with great performances by the cast. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little skept when watching this movie, but I loved it! It is a very good movie with a very funny and original plot. I think it could be better if you had more imagination and originality, and I am not trying to sound like an idiot, but this great movie, especially for kids and parents, is well made and I think kids will get bored quickly if they watch this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is interesting and I liked the idea of the main character being able to take an active role. The other characters were interesting and all the actors did a good job. I especially liked the performance of the doctor, and his wife who is in the hospital.  I didn't think the movie was all that good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with a beautiful garden in China and a man is sitting in it. In the background is a great, peaceful, beautiful garden. The man is quiet and peaceful and his thoughts are full of love. The garden is full of beautiful, natural landscapes. There is also an abundance of birds, flowers and other life forms that come and go from the man's garden. And the beautiful, peaceful feeling of the man and the beautiful life that he has is all in all the film.   The story is a beautiful, simple story about love and friendship, but the end is not one of those ordinary, ordinary endings. I think the director did a magnificent job in bringing the film to life and showing us all the emotions the man felt about the relationship he had with the woman he loves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie blew me away! The cinematography masterpieces are masterpieces of storytelling, art direction and acting excellence. The use of natural film and colors beautifully complemented each other. It made me feel like a child again. The beauty and innocence of this movie make it great! It's hard to say how to describe it in words. The only words I could use to describe the beauty of the movie would be: magic, beauty, beauty and mystery. The beautiful setting is a place where all nature seems to be living and loving and the story is a mystery. I would have to recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Breathless" is a very entertaining movie, especially the music by Pino Donaggio and Fabio Volo. The actors are good too. Donaggi's "Rigore di Ferro" is the best movie I've seen in the last few years, but it isn't "Rise" or "Concerto" as others have pointed out.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not too much of a movie buff, but I thought it was pretty great. It has some good moments, but the movie overall works well. I like it! The story is great, and I think that is one of the great qualities of this movie. I also enjoyed the movie for some character development. The acting was great and the beautiful scenery was great. The movie is very atmospheric and beautiful, and the music was beautiful as well.   Overall, great movie, great acting, great music, beautiful beautiful story, great story, wonderful music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this movie! It's a pretty decent movie with good comedy, nice cinematography and good directing and all that! The story is pretty simple and very straight to the point. The main character is a lonely girl with a very serious case of psychological trauma. The other characters are interesting. There's the psychiatrist who is very nice and the psychiatrist's assistant who is not very interesting. The guy who plays her psychiatrist is very creepy, but the best character in the movie is her roommate who's a little weird. The best part is that he is very dark and creepy. I recommend this movie to anyone. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line of a very strange murder is developed gradually as the lives of the victims are explored. The victims are all of the same age and sex, with all of them being killed in their sleep. I am left to conclude that this masterfully crafted story is one of the best movies I have seen, and I would certainly like to know if it has any relation to the real-life story of the murdered children.  I will try to reply to this question.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterfully conveys the emotional angst of the lonely person. He is a lonely man in a post-war world. He goes to the beach to take a swim. He has a dream. In his dream he meets another lonely man. He touches his dream and he is sent back to the moment of his birth.  I found this touching and heart-warming movie to be very touching, even if you don't have a dream of becoming a depressed person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny and original film that has a very low budget to produce and great acting from all the actors. I highly recommend this film to anyone looking for a laugh. I have seen it many times and every time it gets funnier. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about the family of a little boy (Jake) and his journey into life, one that is both sad and happy. We find out that he has lost his family, has been taken to hospital and is being cared for by a hospital family, and is in a hospital for the past two weeks. The doctors are encouraging him, and say that he must go on with life.  The movie then focuses on the interaction between the two hospital staff and the little boy. This is a story that has touched me personally, as a little kid, watching this movie and feeling happy and sad. This movie could not be better if the director had chosen to do a real touching story instead wonderful. A great film with a little imagination. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little skept about this movie, but after watching it I was amazed and happy. The plot is fantastic and it is touching and it has good acting and great performances from all the actors.   The direction is masterful, the cinematography stunning and brilliant and it makes the story come true and real. The actors are superb and you can see the sadness in their eyes, the pain in their souls, the happiness in their hearts and their struggle to find meaning. It is a touching story of life and sacrifice, and it made me feel so sorry for them all that they had so much life ahead of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been a huge fan since I was little, but i was surprised when i started to watch it again. But then again, it's something you don't expect. I was pleasantly surprised by how great the story is, and I think the actors masterfully played their parts. This is one of the masterpieces i have seen from all around the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I don't think you can rate a movie as a masterpiece, it's a tribute to the brilliant and brilliant cast of this movie. They are perfect actors for such an amazing story. The special effects and beautiful music really made this movie great. The only drawback I have to say about this film is that it was quite long. I think it was a perfect blend of anime and action. The end credits were amazing and I was happy for the wonderful work. The beautiful song by Ryoji Ichi-san and the beautiful voice of Kiyoko Ueto-san make it even more believable. I wish there was more of this.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is one of the great adventure stories in history, and the story is not very different from that of "The Last Wave", another of the more popular ones. The movie is about the adventures of the crew of an expedition to the Arctic Ocean to find an old man who has chosen to live in the harsh environment, in the hope that he can find something more to life than what he has. This is a real hardy movie with lots of adventure and great humour. I would watch it to the end, to be able to say that it was one of my favourite movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when I was about 10 years old and it still haunts me. It tells a very powerful story about friendship, family, and finding yourself.  If you have ever been through a difficult time in your life and you are open-minded, you will get a little scared. This is the movie for you. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to escape from their normal routine and see something different.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to watch this when I was in the beginning stages of my career as a television writer, and it was the first time I saw the real-life relationship of a single father and his single mother without having to use any language, and both felt free to let their feelings show.  This was my first exposure to both.   It's not bad that people of color do not feel the way that we do, and that it's not just white-wash.  It was also one of the first films that I saw that dealt with the topic of race, and had the courage to show the actual lives of black people in their everyday life, which is not always easy.  The film showed that this relationship could have been very serious, and showed that the real issues were much more complex than the surface issues that people try to deal with on a daily basis. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action movie with action. It has a very quick and efficient plot and the viewer is able to guess the next move in a matter of seconds.  The action in the movie takes place in Hong Kong where the police have to fight against the drug dealers. The movie follows the lives of the drug addicts who are caught up in this drug epidemic and how they try to get away from the dealers.   The movie is directed by Tsui Hark with some amazing performances. Tsui also stars in the film as a detective who tries to stop drug dealers who use money to buy large quantities of heroin. This movie is not a movie about drug abuse and drug abuse. This is a movie that focuses on the lives and treatment of the addicted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not going to lie. I love it and will always try to get the same with other people. The film is very stylised, and the film doesn't take itself so seriously that it takes away from the plot, which is brilliant. The acting is fantastic, and so is the story, which I think is very realistic. I liked the fact that the entire film was set in a small Italian village, with very little back story to go with. I like the idea of the characters, but if I had to say one more, it would be the best of the bunch, with all the nuances that the characters may have. Also, the characters are very interesting, and all of them are realistic.  A great film, and if you don't enjoy Italian films, don't watch this one, it is the perfect film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is simple and interesting. In fact, the entire plot is brilliant. I enjoyed the ending and the story line. All in all, I thought the film was great and it will be interesting for those who like great films. I can't wait to see it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this movie, I have seen it at least 4 times and never knew it. The plot is unique and I am not a fan of movies that are not interesting, I am a movie person, I like to see a good story and I like watching movies that try to create that story. This movie had great good movie atmosphere, the movie is fun to watch and I liked the movie and the movie was entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A young actress (Rachie) meets with the director (Roman Polanski) to see a new Polanski picture together. She is not the typical young girl from Georgia, Georgia (Polanski) who has only seen her grandmother's film before. A very beautiful and young Rachie (Roman) is lured into the director's home (Poland). She meets Polanski's assistant (Molie Bava) and soon begins to fall in love with him. Soon Rach is also attracted to the director, and together they have a sexual try. They soon become a couple and soon they start seeing the world and each other again. Soon, the two are having troubles, and Rach and Polanski try to help solve their problems. Soon they start having problems with each other, and this time they take a different path to solve their issues.  The story of a young Georgia woman (Rachi) trying to solve her issues with her life, and the director trying to help her, is very disturbing and depressing. Polanski and Bava have different solutions to their problems, and you need to be a Polanski fan to understand what's going on, or else you'll get confused.  I really liked this film, but it was very hard to tell how well this movie was. I hope Polanski gets more movies, like "Ach, I'm afraid" and "Kubo", which is a very hard and sad story about people who find their life in the dark and depressing, and not just in the happy and happy side. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first heard about this film on a recent DVD and was very excited about watching it. The first time I saw it was at a local cinema and was quite enjoyable. However, the more I think about it, the better it became. It is an adult movie that is not made for children, and I am not in any way encouraging kids to watch it. I believe it is not for children. The message of the movie, the dialog, the acting and everything is suitable for children and for those who are still in the dark. The whole movie is very realistic, and that is something that most people find in adult films nowadays.  I was pleasantly surprised by the acting, the settings and the storyline, but the movie itself made me want to believe it all.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the masterpieces of the "Loser" series, which was a short lived TV show. I love those two, but this was the best. The "Locker" is a great action packed movie with a good story and decent special effects. The special effects were brilliant, especially for the scene where the main character goes into a bar and a fight breaks out, I had to fast forward to see that brilliant fight and it was awesome! I also enjoyed the scene in the shopping mall, I knew that the fight was going to end and it came true. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film follows two families in a time of extreme hardship, living in a small village in a very impoverished area. There are some good examples of the film's message.  One example is the family who is constantly running through the village to tend to the sick. The film is set on a hospital, and is a very interesting setting.  Another example is a family of four who has to struggle with the illness of their elderly neighbor. There is a lot of compassion in this film, and the end is not a victory, but a defeat.   The acting is first class and the characters are realistic and detailed, with their lives and treatment of others. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of the 20th century. It is the first movie with a script and beautiful cinematography. It seems that everyone who was there that day has never seen this movie. The cinematography is breathtaking and the plot is unforgettable. The film has some great actors in it such as Robert De Niro, Robert DeMunn, Al Pacino and even John Lennon, all of whom do an excellent job. The soundtrack is perfect and the whole movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part is the opening scenes in which we are introduced to the two main characters of the movie. In the first one we see the mother and her daughter in the beginning of the story.  The other is the story of the two girls who play the role of mother and daughter in this movie.  In the second part we see more of the mother, the daughter and their story in the movie, but this time the mother is a mother of four children and a grandmother of eight.  I am glad that I spent some time with this movie, I wish I had known this much more before watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the film is shot and edited is masterfully creative. The camera is beautifully composed, brilliantly lit and beautifully composed. The cinematography is stunning and works perfectly together with the music to create the haunting and memorable score. It is a haunting, beautiful and heart-wrenching story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Saving Grace" is an entertaining story of a man's attempt to move past his past, of his relationship with his father, and of his interactions with a group of misfits, including a hick from the train, a woman who works as a model, and a gay man he meets on the street. A lot of people would probably be offended by this film. I don't know, but if you are a person who likes to watch films from a historical and historical perspective, then "Saver Grace" will probably not be one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I had never seen the movie until I got the DVD of this wonderful film from the National Film Theatre. I watched it and I was amazed at what beauty and elegance and great music and dance could produce. I love Italian movies, especially in the old Italian style, so I really appreciate the visual and musical references, but it is still amazing. I saw it again on my home DVD and I must admit that I still feel like I haven't seen anything similar to this beautiful Italian film. The cinematography is stunning and I enjoyed the scene in the palace, and the acting was beautiful.  I give this movie an 7 out of 10, which I think, is fair. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Walking with Cavemen" is a very funny movie. It's not just for kids. It was made for a reason. This was the first time the public could watch this movie. The whole movie is funny and a lot of fun. I recommend it to anyone. 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I just got back from a long trip to Italy and was on my way to get a copy of this wonderful movie for my collection of foreign movies and I stumbled on it at the library and was amazed to see this masterpiece of an epic, almost non-historical film.  I don't know how this masterful film has stood up to my other favorites. It's still a mystery, which is the main theme of this movie, so it is perfect for every kind of movie fan. The plot is interesting, which also is the theme of the film. The characters are all interesting, but there are so many fascinating details and turns to this fascinating movie that it is hard to keep up. I would recommend it to any interested person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that makes you want to live it, even if you are a die hard Star Wars fan, a big movie fan, or something. If you watch this movie, even as a kid, you will get hooked, and that is one of the great things about this wonderful movie. I would suggest watching this film for any Star Wars or Indiana Jones fan, but if you don't, this is one movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title of this film is a play on words with "The Big Redneck," by George Cukor (1922-06). It's not the same kind of film as "Redneck," which was a play off on the movie, but it's the action packed, gun blazing western that Cukors directed in 1922, which is what Cukored was supposed to be doing in the Big Rednecks.   A great story with good gun action, a good soundtrack, and great music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie of William H Macy was a very emotional piece of work about the life of Albert Einstein (who had died a year before he made his famous theory of relativity, and it is a pity he got such wonderful works done for his last years). In the following years he produced many great films, but this one was his best.   The film shows Einstein as a normal person (although he had a great career as a scientist) with normal feelings.  The main plot is about Albert's relationship with his family and his work with them. The movie has many great moments, and the story is very emotional in parts, and I have to say it was very sad when Albert was offered the chance to visit the Titanic and look at the wreck. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a wonderful movie, a true story.  It has a very good and surprising ending, so I was surprised when I watched it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the 2001 Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras Film Festival, where it was a surprise. The two main roles of the film were played by Helena Bonham Carter (who had a great performance in "Tyson") and Michael Dawson (a wonderful actor, who also played in "The Man in the Moon").  I had heard that Dawson's performance was in bad taste, and that Bonham's was a classic, and I thought it was. The other supporting roles were played well by all the actors. The "love interest" was played by the talented and beautiful Charlotte Crosby.  Overall, a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film on a rainy afternoon and I loved every minute. It was so beautiful and I think that my whole family loved it as well. I don't know how to describe this movie other than to say that it is unique. My parents and two brothers are going to watch this film and I don;t think that they will ever forget this amazing film. I have seen a few movies that were so beautiful that I have actually stopped crying and stopped crying out loud after seeing it. I think this movie was beautiful, beautiful and amazing. I hope that this film is as amazing as the first one. It touched my heart so hard and that everyone in the audience that watched this film will do the same. This movie is truly amazing and I am glad that there are people out there that have this amazing ability to see this wonderful movie. It shows that there is a person in all of us and I hope this movie gets to show the world the pain of someone that has lost a family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a child I enjoyed the story of the young girl's search for her father. I also loved the movie because it was one of the very few movies I've seen in which the story is very touching and it dealt with the family's struggle. The story has the same type of theme as the movie. The theme is about a lonely young girl who is left alone at home to fend of loneliness.  The ending is similar to the movie, and in the end is not a happy one.  Overall, this is a good film. It is not an ordinary movie, which can be expected from a kid, and it's not a movie for children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First off, I would like to add that the story line is not something you could just read in the paper or on a phone and expect it to be taken seriously. The script brilliantly captures the essence of being a person in their darkest hour. It does so with great attention to detail and skill.  I don't think I've seen a story that was as moving as this one. The acting is superb, and I am not sure if it captures the experience of the characters well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short and sweet tale of friendship, a love and lust for life. It was written by the late, great comedian, George Carlin, who was also a great writer and director. He took time out from the screen to come up with a great concept, but the movie works beautifully. He has a beautiful and very natural sense of humour and he makes the most of it. This is his first role. The plot is quite good, the dialog is great, the jokes funny lines are funny.   This movie is not an everyday film, but it's very short and funny. It's quite short and a lot of fun, and this is definitely not one of the best comedies ever.  7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterful performance by Denzel Washington, as he battles to win his dream job as a cop in "The Badge". Washington is tough, but at the end he realizes his mistake and accepts his fate.    The main theme in the film is the need for true teamwork, which is the key to success.  Washington and Denzel share a dream, and the two share the same destiny. Together they must try to outwit each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a world where most horror films fail to live up to expectations, this is a must-see for those who love a good creepy film, or a creepy movie with a good plot and good atmosphere.  The actors are good, and so are the director. I especially like the music and the way it complements the movie.  I don't see any problems with this movie, but I do think that it is one of the masterpieces that the horror genre has produced, and this is certainly not a bad movie. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Punisher" is one of those films you see on late night TV. It's got great special effects, superb cinematography, great music and a unique story. The plot is unique. Not something you have to read, but you have a unique experience watching it. You're not simply sitting in a darkened theater watching it, you're actually experiencing something original and fun. It has a plot, a story, and a cast that makes you want to come back for more. It also has a unique plot, and makes you feel bad about your mistakes in life. The ending is the perfect compliment to this great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was an excellent movie, especially considering the limitations of a low budget film. The plot and performances were masterfully crafted and wonderfully detailed.  A perfect match of two stars is provided by the magnificent George C. Scott as the wise-cracks brother Sam. The director and actor found a wonderful touch in the relationship between the older brother and the younger. The brother is an ardent Christian who is devoted to his family and is ready to take part in all that God has to offer. Sam has no time for people who do not share his faith, and the older is a faithful believer.  The whole movie is set in a wonderful setting in the small town of Haddonfield. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very emotional and uplifting story about a family who are both single parents and fathers, and a mother who has a life-threatening illness, and that she must choose between her life and the lives of her husband and daughter. It is an excellent documentary, and the acting is very believable, and is one of the reasons that this movie is so very good. The acting is good, and I recommend this film to anyone. I would like to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode of "The Young Man of Rochefort" tells us something about a little girl in search of her dream place, but the story is a bit dull and flat. The series goes on to become much more interesting as the characters develop and the story becomes more complex and intricate.  The characters are believable and interesting in the main story, and there are a few surprising surprises here and there. The special effects and cinematography are quite stunning.   All in all a brilliant episode. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "The Old And The Dead" is a great story. In a story of an old-time family trying to escape the clutches of a new age Satan, the family comes into conflict. A woman (Polaris) with a history of witchcraft comes into the house and murders the husband (Antony) and the wife (Dawson) of the previous occupant, leaving their sleeping and loving bed to be discovered by their own daughter (Bollinger). The new occupant is unaware of the horror that's taken place and goes in search of the missing woman, unaware of his wife's involvement. Meanwhile, the previous resident (Brock) is having strange dreams and visions.   This is a very creepy and chilling story, which is reminiscent of the film "The Changeling" from "The Shining" with Elizabeth Van Meter as the witch and her interactions with the living and dead. In addition, there's plenty of disturbing scenes and gore. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like the original, but I'm not too sure about the remake.  The original had a pretty good story and some great performances. The remake has a very good story, and some good performances from all the actors.  It's very funny, and I like all the jokes, except the one that is in the remake where all the guys are great jokes.  There are a few minor differences, but they are not worth mentioning.   My rating: 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As I saw this movie I was amazed. I found it to be very creative, but I enjoyed the concept of the movie.  The movie was very well done in all aspects. It was very creative and very suspenseful. It seemed to be a great story. It also seemed to have great acting from all the actors. I think this movie was great and I recommend everyone to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film opens with a scene of a beautiful waterfall and a lovely waterfall. It's one of those scenes that you have to see for yourself.   I'm not going to lie - I have seen this movie so many times, I think, but I love it and I hope that it gets better.  The music is lovely and very modern, which is very refreshing and adds some great ambiance. It isn't really like anything you have ever heard - it isn't overly complicated, and it is very coherent and nicely filmed. I love the opening scene. I was impressed with the characters, and the story is very engaging. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say, my reaction to the film was so spontaneous and beautiful, that I felt that it deserved to be in it's rightful place, and I went to see it with my wife and sister. It was so great, so beautiful, and that is why it was so well directed.  The two main actors in this film were perfect. The music was beautiful, the dancing was beautiful and the beautiful and touching moments of this film made me feel so happy and joyous, and so sad, that it lasted all the way to the end.  I think that this film is very much in the spirit of the other two films, but I hope that one day it will be released, and put in a DVD someday. It is one of those movies that makes you laugh and sad at the same time, and this movie is no exception.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was very enjoyable, the plot is great, and the direction works perfectly. Very beautiful, beautiful cinematography, fantastic cinematography and great cinematography! A great movie, great photography and great acting, great directing, great cinematographing, great great music, great cast! Very great movie! Excellent, great, great beautiful and beautiful. I wish I could rate this masterpiece 10/10. 10/5 stars. Very perfect! 10/ masterpieces! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film.  A simple story about a man who discovers that he has the ability to change the fate of a particular person.    In an attempt to save his family from the brink of disaster, a man with a thirst for blood takes a trip to a dark forest where he is guarded by a pack of wolves.  After a harrowing ordeal, he must fight to survive and at the end, has to battle against all odds and even the mysterious presence of a mysterious red deer.  What's great is that this movie is a great example of a great, suspenseful film. It is a beautiful piece of work, which is sure to have a happy ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of the movie is very good. In the beginning, I was very impressed with the cinematography. I liked the way the characters were able to fully express their feelings and thoughts. The second half is much more emotional and powerful. I believe that it has a much more powerful message than the first half. I hope that this movie will reach more people and show them the true meaning of the story.  I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am a big fan of this movie. It was the great film. It wasn't all the great great acting and great great beautiful cinematography. The great scene is when the camera is on the side of the road and you can see the beautiful scenery and the great music. So to sum it up I love this movie!! 10 great scenes!! Great film! 10 great cinematography and great music! 10 masterpieces!! 10 master pieces!!! Brilliant! 10 beautiful scenes!!! 10 master piece!!!! 10 master works!!! 10 great masterpieces!!! 10 beautiful cinematographic masterpieces! 10 superb masterpieces!!!! 10 great and great master pieces!!!! 10 beautiful and beautiful scenes!!!! 10 wonderful masterpieces and great cinematographer!!! 10 amazing masterpieces from the directors of this amazing movie!!! 10 wonderful movies!!! 10 brilliant masterpieces of cinematography from the great director, the great song "I'm still in love with you". 10 masterworks! 10 stunning masterpieces, 10 master songs! 10 amazing, great and unforgettable! 10 gorgeous masterpieces in different styles and styles! 10 brilliant scenes!! 10 unforgettable masterpieces. 10 masterful films!!! 10 unforgettable and beautiful movies! 10 movies!!! Ten masterpieces about the great art of cinematograpy and great art. 10 movies! I hope 10 more will come!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies that are not just mindless entertainment. They are interesting, and it is the life of the director that makes them great.  I like this movie because it has a good plot and great performances from the main character to the main villain.  It is funny, and at times I don't like the plot of the movie. It is very hard to tell which is which.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the greatest of all anime to be animated ever.  A cute, very childlike story about a child and her adventures with her family.  The child is a little girl who lives a dream, and dreams she will one day be able to go back to the world she once lived in.  I believe that this dream is real, but this film is about how that child finds out about her place in the real world, and the dreams she can have.   One interesting aspect of this film was the characters' personalities, which all were cute, but their dreams were so real.  It made me realize that the characters in the anime are not as silly people, but the very real people who live their dreams.  This is a short, and I hope that everyone who watches this short will find something to do with it, but don't miss this brilliant, fun, and heart-warming movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful, but short movie. It is, if not one of my favorite films ever, a story of survival, not just one of survival of a bunch of hungry people trying to survive in the jungle.  I saw this film for the first time when I was a child, I was in the Congo and I was very happy to be there.    In the jungle, there are lots of animals, and this is the one that I saw. I didn't see a buffalo for a long time, but I did see a rhinoceros and some antelope antilungs. I have been in the bush and on the path to this place for almost forty years. I can remember one of the most memorable moments in my life. I was with my wife and the river was high, and we had to swim with our children to get to a village.  It is also very dark. The river is so dark you can't see the people anymore. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful little movie that mixes together a little horror/fantasy with some great special effects and atmosphere. The characters are intriguing, the action is exciting and the story works nicely from the beginning to the end. It also has the added bonus of a nice plot and the fantastic soundtrack of Richard James.  If you are looking for a good horror/scifi movie, you should check this one out. I haven't seen it on the big screen since the original series, but it's still a nice little movie to rent for a night or two. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As much as I am a person who has lived with cerebral palsey for 25 years, and am not able to appreciate anything that comes out of this film, I find this movie to be insightful and uplifting. It's true, it is very painful and emotionally exhausting. I have never experienced such complete freedom from fear and pain in my life.  In the end, there are many unanswered questions, and this film doesn't take the time to answer them all. The end of the film is touching and so powerful, I am in tears for the courage that the director and writer put into this magnificent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those stories that are hard to find. It is hard to tell, even after half a century. I found this movie fascinating in my early days as a young man. It wasn't hard to see why this was a hard movie to find, but after a while, it became clear why it is hard. It told a story that was very interesting and very powerful, at the time. I was impressed by the simplicity of the story and the way the characters were drawn and portrayed. The movie never took itself too seriously, but it had great power. The performances of the actors were superb. The acting in this movie was great and strong. The plot was beautiful and powerful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a great comedy. It's a good parody of the life of a blind woman who is blinded and can't read. Her husband is a teacher. When the blind woman is unable to read, she becomes a good servant of the blind.  It's the kind of movie that you never know when it is going to end.  But don't miss it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has it all. The classic romantic story line, the great music, beautiful cinematography, beautiful special effects and great music. The great song was by the talented composer Claude Laydu and was the perfect match to the story, although the two were quite different.  The cinematography is stunning and the music is very memorable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie opens on a beautiful scene as the sun shines through a small window in the rearveiw mirror of a diner, where an elderly man (Werner) is talking to his daughter (Mancuso) as he watches a small screen version of "Papillon". The film opens with the father and son sitting on the sofa, as their conversations become more and more interesting as they talk about their dreams.   What follows is a magnificent performance by all concerned. A magnificent performance in this film is given by the young Robert "Gabby" Maguire (John Lennon), who is in a great deal of pain due to his fractured shoulder and has been unable to open his eyes since the tragic incident. A great performance, which, to the best of my knowledge, has never been given to another actor in the history of the world.  A magnificent story, a good performance by both parents, a great plot, and a great story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that should be seen on a regular basis. It is a great, simple, and surprisingly honest documentary on the world of British POW's during the Second World War. It covers the subject in a way that it is so often forgotten. It makes use of many archive footage to help understand what happened. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love Rain Man, even though I've seen it twice and I don't know what the heck was great about it. But when I was kid, I saw it and my dad said, "Why do we watch it again?" And my dad told me the whole movie was great. The best part of the movie was when Rain Man and some other group were playing in the pool and you could tell that they were really good. They had to swim with their friends because the pool was so big. So they had to put in their towels and swim out to their side. And when the old man and his wife were talking about how they got all that money, you could really tell they were a true story. But I'm glad that I saw this movie and I can still appreciate it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was a very enjoyable film. I saw it for the first time on the BFI and was surprised at the visual effects. The film is a complex story that follows a group of British students as they learn about the nature of war and the people who live near to them. I did not feel any urge to jump and the film was very disturbing. It was interesting how the young protagonists felt about the war, I am unsure why they were so open minded and how they did not even try to avoid it as it seemed to be very important to them to do. It made me sad to see them go through the ordeal of losing their family and I hope that the producers and the actors do get the next job. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There is one scene that made me never want to see anything else again. It was one of those beautiful cinematography masterpieces that can make you feel like you are a part of a movie. The acting in the film is great, the cinematography brilliant, and the music perfectly fitting. I also enjoyed the beautiful landscapes and the stunning scenery of the Himalayan mountains. The beautiful acting of the two leads was mesmerizing. I don't remember anyone else enjoying it.  I was not disappointed by this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a simple and honest film. The actors (Peter Falk, John Hurt, Michael Cooney, Anthony Mann, William H Macy, Sam Neill) and the writer (Craig Stevens) present a simple story of a lonely doctor who falls in love with a beautiful young woman in the hospital. The story is based on real events in the life of Dr. Benet. Benets was a very sick and lonely person. The events portrayed in this film are real and very disturbing. It is very disturbing to view such serious matters and it is disturbing to see a real person's life and struggle. The ending is very good, because it is so realistic. There are some disturbing scenes and it can be disturbing to watch some of the disturbing scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've been looking for the sequel, but could not find it. I thought that it was much more enjoyable than the original. I liked how it was so creative and unique. I was surprised by the original and I loved the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember when I saw "Whistler's Ghost" for the first time it was my absolute favorite musical ever. It was so moving and had great music. I had to see it again, and this time it is so great, it is a great horror movie. If you liked "Whites" in the 70's you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful little movie that mixes documentary with fiction and all in a great way. I really enjoyed the narration, the use of historical footage and the use and interpretation of the Indian culture. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not every movie that I watch that I like, but I think that this is a great movie, if you watch it and ask yourself, are you really sure what you want to do and what will you do, do you really believe in the fairy tale?  Well I say yes, I do. If you do and are ready to accept this magnificent story, and believe in all the wonderful things it has in store for you, then this is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main reason I enjoyed this was the great acting from all the actors, and great directing. the music, settings, costumes, and settings all perfectly fit the movie perfectly. I especially liked the cinematography, and the wonderful settings. the camera work was amazing beautiful, and beautiful settings, and wonderful setting. the setting was beautiful, beautiful settings and settings, beautiful setting. beautiful camera work, beautiful and beautiful setting and great camera work. beautiful settings. great cinematography and great cinematograpy. beautiful cinematography. great film. beautiful beautiful film. wonderful story. great story and great film settings. good film settings and great story. beautiful film settings, great settings, amazing camera work and great settings. amazing camera settings, incredible story. amazing settings. beautiful setting, beautiful cinematographic cinematography, great settings and stunning settings, wonderful acting and great performances. beautiful story, great camera settings. i love this film, this is my favorite movie, i love all the others, i want to buy it on DVD or VHS, i'm not going to pay for this, i just want to see this great movie again, i wish it comes out again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic comedy with a love twist. I first saw it in the theater when I was 19, and I still remember the scene where a boy (Johson) finds out his parents are both dead, and he comes back to his childhood home and says to his father (Sutherland) "I will always be a son of a man, and have to live by his dreams."    When the two return to their childhood home, they have to get Josie Bissett (Watson) to help them. Josie tells Johson "You have to go back to school, now you can be a real man."  The end is a happy surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this film, even though I think it's an underrated film. I think that the performances of Alison Eastwood and Claire Daines were really powerful and powerful. I was really surprised to see how she was able to get such great performances out of such an intelligent and talented actress. I thought that it was very natural and natural, and very beautiful, for her to be so strong and beautiful. She really shows her true talent, which is really hard to find. The beautiful scenes are the scenes with the children, the acting, the beautiful settings, the great cinematography, the natural landscapes and landscapes, the special effects, the breathtaking music and great cinematographic settings. The cinematography was amazing. I recommend you to watch this amazing film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an unusual movie with some good acting and decent cinematography, with great cinematography and great cinematographic cinematography. The story is set in a small village in the woods of Maryland, USA. The movie is shot in the forest with breathtaking cinematography to show the beauty of the forest and the people that live there, and this is the beauty that this movie shows.  The cinematography is great, the cinematography really beautiful and the cinematography stunning. I have seen the whole movie and this one was beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason why this movie has not been released in theaters is because of a co-production between Disney and Warner Bros.  If the movie had been produced on a small scale (and I would certainly recommend it) it could be easily shown on a regular basis at Disney or even on television, and it could even have been easily shown in theaters if it were made in 1990, but I don't think that has ever happened.   In addition, the animation is great, the story is great and the voices for the characters are wonderfully diverse.  The music is wonderfully suited to the film. The special effects are great and some of the best songs were used in this movie.  I am glad that I had the opportunity to see this movie, and that I will not have to tell anyone else about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A great, but hard-to-find story of the life of one of the early female painters, and her interactions with the male character, but with such great compassion and sense of duty, the story grows.  This movie is more than just a movie, it's a movie that has a good plot, and an amazing and beautiful cast.  The acting is great, and the script is wonderful masterfully crafted. The movie is a great film. The music is perfect, and so are the cast. I wish this movie had come out sooner. I'd love to have seen this movie in its original format. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the perfect movie for those who don't like romantic comedy or slapstick comedy. This is a funny, low-brow, over-the-top, formula movie. I love that. I've been wanting to see this movie since I've seen the trailer, and I was ecstatic to see it finally. And I was happy to see the movie was finally on the way to the screen. I was expecting the movie to be light and fun, but it masterfully captured the essence of a dorky, lovable and optimistic guy. It's a pity more people don't see it because it's not available in the UK (North America, anyone?) 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the first two movies, and frankly, the second is far better than the first, so I'm not at all surprised. The fact that the two movies are very close in story to each other is a strong indication that the story in the first is not as simple and easy as the story of the first film. The script master did masterfully fine-mix the story with humour, and it is very funny, and a very emotional experience. It's a real shame that this master film was not available for streaming, but it has been on TV since last Friday morning.  I don't know what the fuss is about, and I wish I could buy it on DVD! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the Boston Sci.m. festival this year and I really enjoyed it. The story and the performances of each actor were great. The acting was superb beautiful. The best part of the movie was the performance of the girl who played the girl. The rest of the cast did an awesome job as well.  This movie is a must see for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed by this documentary. The portraits of the real people and the real family are remarkable. It tells the story of two families with very little documentary. This is not just a documentary but a movie. The documentary covers many interesting points of the lives of two parents of two children and their interactions. This movie is also interesting as it shows the real families that are affected by these issues and how they deal with their problems. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very refreshing experience and one I will never forget, but it was a fun, very original, and very dark movie. I have to admit that I am a bit partial to the first two but this one is my least favorite. It was more violent than some of the other dark fantasy movies, but I thought it was still a fun watch. I did like the end when she was in the tower, and the end was just brilliant.    It was nice to see the beginning and end of the movie. It has some good cinematography and a good soundtrack. The movie is pretty simple and not complicated, but very entertaining. I like the first 2 and the ending was a bit strange.  This movie was not bad, I think it is a good fantasy movie. This movie is really dark, the characters are very dark and the story is very emotional and you are just left wondering why the next story will be.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is set in the city of Melbourne, which is under construction. It is a Melbourne city which is in dire need of its image to be taken over by a Sydney developer.  The film follows the construction of the city's first houses, which were built to be used for the development of the future city.  This is a well-done film which contains some great imagery, a unique setting, and an engaging storyline.  A good cast for the first houses is comprised of actors who have gone onto to bigger and better things.   A fantastic cast for this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has everything that a movie needs in order to be great: great music, great directing, brilliant brilliant visual art and great fantastic performances by the cast. The best performances in the history of the English-speaking movie.  This is a story of two generations in the life of a man and his son.  It is the story of a father who has to move from a small village in the middle of the countryside to a large city and to a new environment where he is forced to work for a large company and has to fight for his dreams and his family's future.  The director has given us a magnificent story in which we see the evolution of a middle class man. The characters are so realistic and so natural, you have to be from England to understand this movie. If you have never been forced to move away from your city environment and you are not from England, you will understand this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a great showcase of acting skills of a few of the major players in the movie. A perfect example of this movie is the performance of the young Michael Sullivan as the spoiled, but nervous rich boy, "Buck", a man who lives in a very luxurious mansion and spends his time in the company of the sassy servants, and the servants' maids. The story and the story of the servants and the maids, is not only told in the mansion but is told in detail, illustrating how each servant is a real person and not a caricature of a character.  In conclusion, I highly recommend this movie for those who are interested in the story and performances of the main characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the series of short films, see this movie first! It's got the same plot, but it's short and sweet and sweet, and the humor is better in the second film, which is a lot more of a serious piece of art than the first one.  The first short takes the viewer on a ride with some great comedy and some great action. In the second short, the comedy is great and the action is still great. The second is a complete success!  The movie has a lot of great dialog and great action sequences, which are short and fun, and all of them are quite short and have the same kind of humor.   In conclusion, the first movie is a success and the second is not a failure, it's great entertainment! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favourite films ever, but it doesn't take long to realise that this is not a film for the general public. It is a documentary. I am pleased to say that this film was shown at the Sydney Gay and Mardi Gras Film Festival. I hope that the future of this film is not bleak, but that the voices of the real-life gay and lesbian community in Australia are heard.  This is a movie that explores the impact of the gay and lesbians who have lived through the years of the AIDS epidemic. The film was made at the end of last year and has received mixed reviews. I have seen it several times, and each time I try to watch it again I get a little more upset.  The film focuses on the experiences of two young gay and straight people, and also shows the devastating impact of HIV on their lives.   The acting is good, with a large cast of mostly Australian actors. The story is strong and powerful, and the music is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In this film, we find the story of a blind man, a blind woman, and a blind child. This is the story, the life, of an indigent person with an inability to read or write. This film is a wonderful example of how the world is slowly changing and our ability to see and interact with others has become increasingly difficult to achieve.   This is a film that is at once beautiful and sad, with an underlying message that we should all know and learn from. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very beautiful film and a very good one at that!   It has everything a family should have: a good script, good acting, beautiful settings, and good family values.  It was one of the great films of the 1980's and one of those films that were produced to entertain the public at the time.   I would like to point out that I am very partial to films that are made by people that I've never heard of before and I am glad I do not have to spend time to see them all.  I enjoyed the movie and recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been searching for this movie for ages. I remember a childhood television programme called "The Great Britain Show" - it was interesting to see how it could compare to The Apprentice - who would be more suited to play such a demanding role? I remember seeing "The Apprentice" on television and watching it with my parents - it must have been an experience of a lifetime. I haven't seen it in years and when I do I'll find it more rewarding. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, my husband and I were surprised by the beauty of this film. It's really funny, so I'd suggest renting it for the laughs, if you enjoy a good laugh. I love seeing the movie, even after all the stupid jokes. It is not very depressing, but it is funny and I think it's really well done.   If you have any problems with this movie, please don't hesitate to contact me. We've been married for 25 years, so it's nice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is unique. It's a good film if you don't think too much about the story and if you like to see a good romance.  The film was a very good and i enjoyed it very much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A very good story - in an Austrian way. The movie is not too violent or gruesome, but the movie is very emotional. The story is well thought and done, but if you like Austrian movies - this one is not one to go to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Losing Grace" is the first feature film I have seen that actually has some kind of plot, although there is very little in the way of that.The performances of each of the three main characters are masterfully nuanced and wonderfully detailed, which I think is appropriate considering the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I first saw this film at the 2005 Sydney Gay and Mardi Gras Film Festival, and I was really impressed by how beautiful and beautiful it was.  The music was great, and the acting brilliant, but I felt the whole movie captured a feeling of desperation and desperation, especially for the guy who is going through his day to day life and has no family or close friend.   This film had a few really good moments, and there was a brief moment where the whole audience had a good laugh. The only disappointment was that there wasn't one second of music at the end of the movie. Brilliant and powerful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Mystery Men" is one of the masterpieces of silent films.It was made at the end of the Second World War in the hope that it would be a "Gone with the Wind" or a "Forbidden Planet" type of film.It's not a film of any kind but a fantastic film.The only silent film in the world that has been shown in black and white was "On the Waterfront" which was made in 1936.  The actors are excellent and the direction masterfully captures the desperation of war,disease,lack of money and alcoholism, and poverty in the inner cities. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful, romantic, romantic and touching movie that is so much better than the typical B movie. I would like to thank all the fans of this movie, they are the true movie lovers.  The plot of this story is very romantic and has very touching moments, but I am not talking about the movie itself, as that would be a spoiler. The movie is an excellent love story. I like all the actors, and love them all. They all did a great job.  Overall, this movie is cute, and the ending will make you cry and laugh, because you will be sad, but also because you'll be sad that this movie has made you cry. I think this is a very beautiful movie, but please don't take it too seriously. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It has some good acting by Peter Falk, and a great script. It could also be better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It was the second time I saw "The Last Wave" with my boyfriend, and the story is not the best. I loved the acting, especially from the 4-yr-old actor who played the son. It was cute, the plot was interesting, and it showed my parents' interest in the topic. The only negative thing I can say about this movie is that I think it was a very nice touch.  I give this movie a 10 out of 10. 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen some of the most bad films ever but this is one masterful masterpiece. In the beginning, I was impressed with the story. It had great and original dialogue and beautiful and moving images. It was beautiful and suspenseful throughout. The film was beautifully paced and well directed. The characters were believable and very vivid, the acting beautiful, and the beautiful scenery breathtaking.  I hope one day this movie will get a higher rating, and i wish they gave it the right amount of credit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dancer On The Roof" is not one of those masterpieces of a movie. Rather, this is a unique and wonderful film. It's filled with some great characterizations of a typical working stiff and the life of a coal miner. The movie never falls into clichés but it is a fun, if a bit naive. The story of coal miners, a coal mining company, and a life of sex and drug use is portrayed in such a way that the movie makes the viewer realize that there are people out there with a lot of problems that need help and that the company that mines coal is not going to help.  The movie is also interesting in the idea of a company called "Dress To Kill" that specializes in providing special effects for the miners. I don't know if it's real or not, but if it isn't, this movie is worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the world of television, it is easy to fall in love with a character, a persona, or even an idea. However, it can take a long time to get to know the person, the world, and the environment.  The main character, Raffa, is an African American girl, who is very interested in seeing this film. Raffan's father is also interested, but can't see what kind of environment this movie would take place in.  This is a movie that should be watched by people who are not African American. It is a realistic depiction of a real African American family, one that is completely dysfunctional. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good film. It has a nice plot and the ending is good. The story is good and the actors are good. I have seen it at the Bijou Play Festival. It is a good film and it will not disappoint you. It should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of this story is so beautiful, and it is a tribute to the wonderful Japanese actor Sho Watanabe. In the middle part he is not only played by Sho's cousin Tamako (who played the role of the older sister), she is also a very talented actor. So, in the middle, is Sho's great performance, and at the end the film is so touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second animated feature for Fred Gwynne, who created the original Fred Gump. The film is a love story, with GwynNE using a variety of animals as characters. He also uses animals to make various jokes, such as the one when he and his friend Barney are talking to a bird and he says "You don't know anything about animals". Barney asks Gwynn "What do ya know?". Gwynnes says "Well Barney, I don't". Barney says "Alright, what do ya?".   Gwynnie also uses animal characters to make a few jokes, like when he says to Barney "I think we should go somewhere else". Barney turns to GwynNep to say "That's not true". He then asks "Where are you going?". Barney asks "Uh... It's a nice place, let's go".  The animals are also used to make several great jokes, especially the one where Gwynner and Barney are watching the animals at a picnic and Barney says to Gynne "It's a big picnic, I'm starving!" Gwyn says "What's your problem?". Barney says "...I'm starving".  This was the second Gump Animated Short. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never been fond of John Waters' movies, and he certainly doesn't deserve to be in charge of my entertainment. He has great vision, he is masterful, he's a masterful director and he is brilliant as a screenwriter. It's a beautiful, natural, beautiful movie. It doesn't have to be over-the-top, it doesn't look like a typical, typical Waters movie. John Waters isn't the typical Hollywood-movie-maker. He is a real great director. He made his masterpiece.  This movie is a masterpiece of realism. The film is beautifully, naturally realistic. I think this movie is one of the masterpieces of modern cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a very romantic anime with CG animation, very stylish music and a good story. It seems that the director took a lot of inspiration from Toho's Spirited Away, and he succeeded in bringing something new to the story. He's succeeded in a very interesting and touching story, with some beautiful animation and beautiful CG backgrounds. A lot of great images and great special effects, with great music.  This was a very good movie, and if you liked it, you should also like Spirited away. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a child I used to run across the movies and they used to be a lot scarier. So I thought I would see the next generation of bad movies and this is it. A very interesting movie. I recommend it to anyone. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the film twice now and it remains a mystery as to who the murderer was/is and why did he do it? The mystery of the film has been solved.  The mystery is why did the great master of horror, Anton Anton Eikenberry, masterfully blend a mystery/murder story with a thriller. Eiken is masterful at creating suspense, suspense and suspense in the movie and the director, Otto Riegert, also masterfully works out the story, suspense, drama and romance in the story.  It's a great mystery thriller and it's a mystery that's been played out many times before.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I just saw this film again at Cinema MK2 on the 1st July 2006 with my husband and some other friends, all of us having seen a bit more than the first one, so I thought we were going to be treated to something new. But it was brilliant and it made me think and feel like a real person, all the time. And it made my experience of it all the more real and genuine, because I was able to relate to all of the characters, even the ones that I didn't like, because in the end they were all the same person.  It was a brilliant film, and it still is. I don't know how many people are going to watch it, because the DVD extras, on the rare occasion, have some spoilers, which are pretty obvious, and I am sure that there will be more people than I am going to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, the acting masterfully crafted a compelling story with excellent performances from the four main actors: Dukakis, Dukak, Kinski, and Puzinski. The three stories are all set in post-war Yugoslavia. The plot is realistic, and the acting is superb. The direction is magnificent, and captures all the emotions of the people in such a realistic manner. Excellent use of documentary footage. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not quite sure how to go about this film, as it has very little to do with the first one. The film itself is very well done, and there are some good quotes from the first film, but the movie is much more beautiful. The first film was fantastic, the story and cinematography was good, and the music was beautiful, the music is fantastic, and I loved it! I loved the story, the beautiful setting, and most of the actors, and it made me feel sad for the characters and for the whole country. This is not only my opinion, but it was also a part of my life back then. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie, even though it was somewhat boring, but I wanted to like it and I liked it. It's a good story, but it wasn't over the top, and it had a nice plot.  The best scene is at the beginning where the girl is talking to her friends about the life of a typical Japanese housewife. This movie is a great example of the kind of life Japanese women live in.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The plot of "Gone with the Wind" is a love story between a woman and a man, about the time that they are in love. However, the love is about to be torn apart when the husband is killed by a jealous woman. But what happens next is the tale of the sassy Miss Togar, a lady in waiting who has the strength of ten men. She is aided by her friend Miss Harriet who also has a strength of five men. Together they plan on taking revenge on the husband, who is being hunted by the other women who think he is a danger to them.  But what the sassiest Togara do is take her time and slowly unravel the mystery surrounding the death of the husband.  "Goned with the Will" is the perfect example of a great film in which the viewer is completely immersed in the story, with the actors providing outstanding performances and great dialog. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short and sweet story about a man and his journey to find his lost brother, as told to the son of his deceased brother-in-law. This is one of the great British TV films that never panders to the audience, because they understand that the vast majority of people will be tuning in to the BBC, because the BBC is the national treasure.  A great deal of the story is filmed at the Royal Albert Hall in London, the set is the actual Hall, and the soundtrack is also amazing, and if you're going to make a film about an actual event, you should really use the real location.  This isn't the ideal film for a kids audience, but if you enjoy the stories from the likes of Steve Martin, who made films such as 'Bend It Like Beckham', 'Bentley Nights' and 'Sesame Street', you will love this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of my favorite romantic comedies ever.  I am a student of psychology and I think that this movie is very interesting. The main characters are all human, so the emotions and situations are more natural and realistic than the typical movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a comedy that is both original and very funny. I laughed out loud about this movie as I went to see it at the TIFF Bell Lightbox. The only reason I gave it 10/10 was because it was written by James Stewart, and not as a sequel to his brilliant work. But to be honest, the movie is so good that I would probably watch it every time I get the urge to crack up. And after seeing it I would definitely do so. I was impressed by the use of all the animals in the movie, which seemed very realistic to me. I also found the movie to be very touching. The main character in the film, the one that played the title character in my favorite film, played his role very well. I have never seen a film with more talented animals, and I have seen some of the worst of the animal movies that have come out in the last decade, but this one stands out as beautiful.  I give this movie a perfect 10/perfect 10. Highly recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first installment of this master piece was an excellent one. The only flaw I found in it was that it could be a long and drawn out film. The characters were strong and believable. The special effects beautifully detailed the story in amazing detail. The scenery beautiful and the beautiful shots fantastic. I have never seen anything quite like this before, but it certainly made me feel for them and gave me hope that they had a wonderful life ahead. I hope this is the beginning of a new trend in film and that more great movies will follow this example. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is difficult to find a better summary of the movie and I have to admit that I have never seen such exquisite masterpieces of movie making. But I must say that this one is one of masterpieces. The beauty and majesty of the story makes the whole movie great and a must watch for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was an inspiring story, told without any words, in an artistic setting, with some of the most beautiful cinematography and great performances ever. The director, Pertwee, made a beautiful, dark fantasy, with a strong dose of horror. The actors, such as Sondra Locke, were great, and the story itself was strong and full of great suspense. The movie was made for a reason. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an emotional documentary about the relationship between two estranged brothers, both with Tourette's Syndrome and both with neuroses. The film examines the effect of these neuroses on the lives of the two boys, and their interactions with their peers and family members, as well as their interactions and their family members. The documentary is not merely a story about neurosis, but a story of hope and hope. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In this episode the team go to a remote hotel where they meet up with their hotel maids. While they are on the bed they find an escaped murderer.   After the killer has been seen to die he calls up a group of friends who all agree to help him out with his escape plan.  They all gather at a hotel where the killer is hiding. The killer reveals a plan to poison the maid with cyanide gas and the maid is able to stop the plan. The maid is killed and the killer goes on the run.  This is a great episode of "One-Shot Wonders". It is not as violent as other episodes of the show. However, it does take a few shots of violence. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has great acting and it also has great direction. It's the perfect romantic movie, the perfect movie for any romantic, romantic, or sexual needs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the film on video about 25 years ago. I had the pleasure of sitting with my kids on the sofa and having them enjoy it.  The film is short but so short, you don't feel lost. I've never seen a Disney movie so short. The animation is amazing. You can tell it's from the start which is the best part of the movie. I'm surprised that they used live animals in their animation.  This is a good Disney movie. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not an big fan of British movies but I was very happy with this one. The story is a lot different to the one in "The General".   The main thing that made me like this movie was the use of the "bridge of worlds" theme.  In conclusion, wonderful, brilliant movie. I am sure this is not a bad movie. If you liked "The Chorus Line" you will enjoy "The Biggest Loser". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found the movie to be wonderfully poignant and quite disturbing. I've seen it many times, and each time I've found it to be just as disturbing as the first time. I haven't been able to watch it on the big screen, but this is a nice little feature film. It's sad, it's brave, and it's so real and touching that I can't take my eyes away. If you like seeing things that are just plain weird, and if you're not too heavy-handed in your storytelling, you will get sucked into its vortex. I loved it from the beginning. It wasn't preachy, nor preachy at all. It was real, it was heartfelt, and so I'm glad to have watched it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the words of my mother, I said "I have always been a girl" in all my life.   I am an avid viewer of horror movies. I found the film in the early 1990's, and I have watched it since, from my earliest memories, but I have never stopped looking for it on late night television.  The film tells the story of a woman's visit to the grave of her deceased sister, and the grave itself. There is the usual creepy music, but the chilling and dark scenes really come to life in the most horrifying way. The sound effects and voice work are fantastic, and very eerie, and yet the film works on so many levels.  I was very impressed by the way the director made the film, he brilliantly crafted a haunting and frightening story, and he accomplished this very well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little over a year ago, I saw this film at the Sydney Gay and Music Festival. It was an interesting film, the film was not overly polished and I enjoyed the acting. I was a little annoyed with the plot, although I was not really sure if it was a straight story, or if it could have been one with more sex and more violence. I thought it was quite touching and could have taken a different direction.  I would have liked to have seen the film with more nudity and sex, and a much more explicit approach to the plot.  This is a great film, I recommend this film to anyone who likes great Australian film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is an entertaining and atmospheric story that explores the relationship of two young and talented directors who make a movie together, each with an overwhelming sense of their own cinematic destiny.  The two filmmakers are interested in making a movie about two of their long time friends, but after the success of "Dog Days", it's time to make "Dog People". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great and complete summary of the story of the life of the famous British actor who made his last film "The Iron Giant" in 1936. I was brought up on the subject by my father (who died many years ago) and as a result, I've never forgotten this one. It's one of those movies that, when you're a kid, you just don't see the whole story because you want to know what's going on and you think that there's something missing.   The story was interesting in that the story is set in a mining community in the Canadian Rockies and it follows a family of four miners (the family is so small that there is only one adult present at all) and their lives there, with the exception of the occasional incident where one of the children gets caught in a mine, or gets hurt by a mountain lion or a grizzly bear, or a mountain climber. And then there's the matter of "The Giant" itself.  I don't know why I never saw this movie, it was one of my earliest memories of the subject and I was watching it when I was about five years old.  But, after I saw it, I never wanted to see it again, I'm guessing because the movie was set in the mining area of Canada.  It wasn't even about the Canadian mining industry, or the mining industry. It was about the famous Hollywood story.  As a result of my being young when I saw this, I became a big fan of the movie. I just thought that the movie had "been lost in the sands of time" and that it would be better if I didn't know that it was a movie.  The acting was great. The movie is a good and complete and it really shows that the actors were very good and talented. Also, the camera was good and the picture was stunning. It also makes the subject matter of mining and the subject of "the Giant" into an unforgettable reality.  This isn't an all-star cast movie, but it was nice enough and if I had to say, "This is a movie for everyone to see". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story follows the lives of the children of a family living in the big city. It is very honest and down to heart. The characters are honest and genuine. I love the music and the acting of the actors. It was nice to see that the director did not try to hide the fact that he was a musician.  This movie reminds me of the family movies I used to watch as a child. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this movie on TV when I was a kid. I really loved it and it was a very dark movie. I also remember watching it in the early 90's when I got a chance to see it again and was horrified to see how much I had changed since then. It was very disturbing and sad. I remember the scene where the girl is talking to the dead guy and asks him what his name was. He answers, "Bobby". She says "What do you call it?"  The scene was so chilling and I would recommend this movie to anyone. If you don't have kids, I would say don't watch. I would strongly recommend watching this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a little strange, if you have not seen the movie, I would suggest that you take a look. The acting is great masterful and superb especially the performance of the 3 main characters. It was very well done and masterfully beautifully handled. The cinematography brilliantly beautiful and moving. The beautiful and haunting score by J.R.R is moving and effective. The ending touching and surprising. The performances by all the actors make this movie unique and so memorable. The special effects are stunning. The score compliments the great and talented people, who created some fantastic images and great scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As much as I love it, this is an underrated, masterful and touching tale. It has heart and it has a good message. It tells a story that has been lost in the mists of time. It's a very old story but the way it is filmed and put together, makes this a must see.   If you love old, black and white films, this may not be suitable for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of two young actresses - a sassy and sweet girl and a wild girl. The movie covers their struggles and their dreams. They are not as wild as they seem. They try their best and they are able to do it.  This movie is a bit boring and the characters are funny. It's a good saturday night movie. It can be boring or very funny. If you want to see a funny movie, go to: "Wild girl" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a fascinating take on the topic of memory, in this case the topic is the lives of three people who are so obsessed with their memories that they actually start to question whether what they see and what they write is actually real or just an illusion.   The story is based on actual facts, not fiction, but it is very entertaining.  The acting is great, especially the performances by the two main characters, the one played by Ed Harris and the other by Patrick Marber. The movie was not made for a couple of bucks, but I would love to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most striking images of the war-torn Yugoslavia is the depiction of an almost unknown, bearded Serb who walks in a forest in his pajamas, and is trailed by some kind of mysterious American "Green Berets" as they move through the woods looking for him, and at the end, we see a magnificent shot of the man walking barefoot through the forest as he takes a leisurely walk in the sunshine.  The story is, quite simply, fascinating. I found myself wondering why they would go there if they really wanted to find him, but there he was, almost alone in the woods.  I loved the shot of a small American helicopter in the background of the shot, and how it would be out of place in the shot if the chopper was not so close to the ground.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is not an overstatement, but I loved it, it was very well acted and I loved the actors and the writing.  It was a great experience, but it could have been much better if the actors had been more vivid and natural, but the great performances by the two main characters made this great movie brilliant and unique. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a very original, yet very different. It focuses on the lives of a couple of divorced parents in a small town in America, and the way they deal with their feelings and the other family members. This movie is not a comedy, but it is a tear-jerker. The ending is very poignant. The acting is great, and it is very funny. The movie will make you feel for the characters and for the people living in that world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film with a good message. I have to admit, it was one of the masterpieces of the century.  I have seen it twice and it is still one of my top ten.  If anyone knows where this movie is please post a link to this movie in case it gets removed. I can't wait for that to happen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm not a huge fan of the film and this is definitely one of the masterpieces. I've seen it all and I'm happy to admit I love the first half of the movie and think the second half is pretty much just there as well. The other parts are great and I was really impressed by the great performances of the two leads. They played a great job in the part of dealing with their roles in such a powerful way. It's a great role to play.  I think this movie has one of my favourite characters ever and I can't wait to see them go through their parts again. They've really gone through so much and it's really great to see the side of them that they haven't played in a long time. It made me angry. It really made me sad.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of an unhappy woman in love with her life long-time husband is a compelling movie with a surprising ending. In the beginning, there is a sense of dread that she may die of an incurable disease.  But she is in fact in the end experiencing happiness and fulfillment. She is experiencing what is to be expected of a person in such a lonely, hopeless situation.  The scene in which the doctor visits the woman and tells her she will never feel the same way again is disturbing. The scene where she turns to the camera and tells the doctor that she would have been happier in the hospital is disturbing as well.  This is a chilling movie, but it is one of those movies that, at times, will make you feel as if you have watched it before. It is one that, while sad, will give you a sense that the movie is a bit like The Sound of Music, which was so shocking for the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Wave" is a wonderful film about the last wave of big wave surfing. The film opens on the scene of the 1998 Australian big wave surfers being in the ocean near the coast of Australia. The story details their first attempt, and then how their attempt is thwarted by strong surf, a great surfers who just do their best to get the waves, and also their personal struggles. The cast is all familiar, and the film makes the point that if the world had been surfing in the last 15 years, we would have had more waves, not as bad as this one, but more. This is not just about surfing, this is about people, and surfing, and making waves, all of which happen in the world every day.   "the last wave" is the perfect film to show people that surfing is not an end. In the beginning it reminds you of surfing, then it has a very beautiful ending. If you are interested in surfing, or if you are not, you are in for a surprise. I recommend it to anyone who wants to enjoy surfing, not just those who are into surfing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the first movie, and I am absolutely fascinated by the second one. I don't think the director's done great work, it is a masterful work.   It's a dark and brooding tale, told with great intensity and sincerity. The lead performance is so believable, and the story is full of dark shadows.  The ending alone is powerful. It's dark, foreboding and full of regrets. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is one of many that have a "feel" to them and I found the story to be very compelling and I liked the cast very much. I felt like they had a lot of experience and that could be why I wasn't able to fully comprehend what was going on with them. This is a very hard movie to watch and I'd recommend it to anyone who likes it. It has a lot in common with the other "love" stories and there are some great performances by the actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that the film is a master piece in many ways. The actors, especially those in the background, do a great job, especially the main actor, Michael Clarke Duncan, who delivers some powerful lines and the movie itself is very strong, with some great music and great directing. It's the best I've ever seen, and I haven't seen anything else. I was pleased with the story, and the end result. It was a great love story, it made me cry. It is hard to know where to begin.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a story about one girl's pursuit of her dream to become a professional movie writer. Her story is about her struggles to achieve that dream, and it is the story of a man whose life is changed by a stroke, as a result of his inability to complete his dream.  The cast are good, but they make you feel like they are your friends with them.    This movie is not for everyone, it is an action packed, suspenseful, and heart-breaking film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the master piece of film. A man and his dog go into a strange town and the film is fascinating and terrifying. It also stars the great Frank Morgan and the great John Ford.  The story is an interesting one. A woman comes to town and starts having strange dreams that make her think she has some kind of connection to her late husband's work. The visions, the hallucinations and the nightmares are terrifying and very disturbing.  I haven't seen this film since it came out and it haunts me. It's creepy, creepy, disturbing, disturbing and I even found myself wanting to turn it off after the first 5 minutes. I was intrigued by the acting and the direction and this is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you enjoy the old-fashioned silent comedy of movies such as "The Shop Around the Corner" or "Shop" then this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the 2002 Sydney Gay and Music Festival, and the entire audience I heard were in tears. The story of two brothers trying to survive on land and rain is a very emotional one. The music was by the very talented David James and was a tribute to James. A wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It is very emotional and beautiful movie. I loved it.  I am very surprised by the ending. I am shocked by the way it was filmed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, I have to say that I like the movie. I mean, this is a good-looking movie, that has a great plot, great acting, great music, great direction. The cinematography master works brilliantly, and the special effects are stunning. The best scene is when they are playing "The Game of Death", in which the actors move beautifully and are able to play with amazing realism. This is the movie that i will probably remember for the next years.  10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of the genre. I loved the first one, the other one I loved was The Killer Inside Me, the third one I liked was The Invisible Man, the fourth one was The Grifters. The best of all was The Mother.  This was an interesting film about a family who is dealing with a mother who is suffering from psychological problems, which causes the husband to become very ill and paranoid.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a very good film. I've seen it a few times and still haven't seen anything else, so I haven't thought about it too much. It was so cool and beautiful and I would recommend it. If you are interested, I would say it's not a bad movie. I don't think anyone would expect it to be. It's pretty short and sweet and I can watch it whenever I want. I would probably say that the best acting is by the two main actors of the movie, and they are good actors, so they make the movie great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have just finished watching this movie on my local channel. It is one of the masterpieces from the wonderful James T. Flocker. The film is based on a true story, about the life of a parrot trainer and his attempts to get his birds to talk, even though he is trying to get them to come back to him. He spends a lot of time building up his birds, and it shows how he does this. The bird's vocalizations can change from a regular conversation to a totally different kind of song. The birds go from normal conversations to completely different ones. This is a movie that should be seen by bird lovers. It does have a very slow and sometimes even boring story, but it also has a very interesting plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love "The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer" and this film is no exception. Pfeiffser creates an interesting and suspenseful experience.  The script is gripping, suspenseful, and full of suspense. The script and direction make this movie a must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is an impressive visual experience. I think it's all in brilliant harmony and beauty, with magnificent cinematography, great settings, great performances, great music and great art direction. This film has great story, fantastic cinematography and stunning images.  I am glad I didn't pay attention to the casting of the actors, as it was amazing. I don't know how this gorgeous and talented young actress made it to the screen. I would love to see her again.   I love this film. It's a very emotional experience, with great performances from all the actors. It shows that there are many things in the world we don't think about. We have to keep our eyes on the screen and experience them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen the film about five times now. The film has proved to be so enchanting and enchanting that it's become a must see for anyone. It's a film that is not bad at all. It shows that the human spirit can never be taken too seriously by another person. It allows you to see that people have a thirst for something that they love and that is to be found in nature.  It is the best documentary of all time. It should be viewed by anyone who enjoys nature. I recommend the movie to anyone who loves nature. It is full of beautiful images of nature and people. I love that movie. I also have great respect for the people who made this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the beautiful and under-rated story of the relationship between a woman and her significant other, but their circumstances are so much more complex and intertwined than anything Hollywood has ever produced. The ending is a powerful statement about how things are not always what they seem to be, as the film shows in more ways than one can think of.  The film's message is simple: love conquers all, even when one is in a serious relationship. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning I like this movie a lot and it surprised me to see that the movie could still be great. But after the brilliant acting by James Belushi and a great script by Jonathan Demme, this movie is masterfully crafted and works brilliantly. It has a great ending, great comedy and a good story that I think it is one of the great Hollywood movies ever made. But in conclusion, if you like to laugh and want to laugh a lot, this is the perfect movie for you. I would recommend this movie to any one who likes to laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a woman who works in a salon is not new. The salon owner has the power of life and death over people.  When a woman dies, a spirit of a deceased woman rises up from the dead woman's body and goes on a rampage.  What can a beautiful woman do when she finds herself dead after the death of a loved one. She is haunted by the spirit and tries to kill everyone who comes in her room.  There are lots of good horror scenes in this movie. The spirit is powerful, and can take anyone with it. I really enjoyed this movie, and recommend it to anyone who likes a good horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of two siblings in need of an opinion from their parents and has taken an impulsive turn for the worse in the world, leaving them in a state of emotional crisis.  The plot of this movie is very unique and touching. The acting is beautiful and the story is great. It has been my opinion for a long time that this is the most heart-warming movie ever. The ending is very touching. This is a movie to see with your kids or to rent on video. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the touching story of two families in their home that were forced to move out to accommodate a neighbor's needs. The families live in a neighborhood of the city, but they don't see any difference. The story follows the lives of a mother (Lili Taylor) and two sons (Bobby and George) as they deal with the sudden change in their lives and try to keep a happy home together.  The director's use of old black and white footage to show the family's change of life is stunning. The camera is also well shot to show how the mother, her sons, and her daughter are still active in their old lives. The editing is great, and the performances are good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I like this film because of the way it handles it's message. It has a very strong message in it, and it's hard not to get scared of that message. The way that it shows the negative side of the human condition and the tragedy that can come when we lose a loved one is very powerful and sad.    What is so touching about this movie is that it isn't about the person who has lost a child or a parent. It's about the way that we look at each other and the world we live in, and that's something very powerful.  I recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very entertaining. It features excellent special effects and it is fun to watch. It has good dialog, good performances and great music. It is not as terrible as I've heard, but still not a fun movie. I think the original was a better movie.   This is the first movie that I've seen that features the title of "The Great Santas of Hollywood". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is set in a small village. The film opens with a young woman named Gackt being visited by a local priest named Mok. Mok is a young man who has traveled to the village and has become enchanted by the presence of a ghost, one that is incorporeal. GackT is able to see through the ghost's appearance and also to see the apparitions it has created. The ghost is incorprating, which in the end makes the apparition seem real and powerful.    In the village, a young boy who wants to see Gack t.v. sets up a video camera. His dream ends up in a real nightmare. When he awakens and sees the real Gacktt, he runs away screaming. His nightmare continues until Gacklt awakens, and when he awakes, he is terrified.  When GackTT awakens in the real world, his vision is distorted and all of the images are perfectly synchronized. This effect is beautiful.  The film has beautiful music and it has some haunting moments. The only problem is that it is too long. The final half hour is so good. I recommend the film to anyone interested in the supernatural world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A brilliant performance by Tom Hulce and the magnificent music by James Moody. A fine example of the type of film that has been made in the 30's.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, i will say that this is my first real time experience with this excellent movie and i have to say that i liked the movie very much.  I was surprised at how good it was. The story has very good moments, it could easily become your everyday story, and it is quite scary. I liked the way the main character was able to see the whole story and then find out how it ended. The whole movie has good moments. The ending is scary. It has some great endings, but i guess that the movie is great.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a fun movie.  I think everyone should watch this.  The movie has so many great quotes and one of my favorites quotes from the movie. I think it is one of the best movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great thing about this movie is the soundtrack, which is very fitting and has a nice futuristic feel to it. It has some nice ambient sounds, especially for the music, but overall this is a great movie! If you enjoy great sci-fi or have a deep understanding of quantum physics, then this is the movie for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a young woman, JEAN, and her experiences with men in her life.It follows her life from her childhood in Mexico and her move to the US.It is filled with humor and adventure.This movie is not for the weak-hearted people.It's for everyone.The movie is filled in adventure,and has a very hard time not to laugh at all.If you like JEEN,this movie is for you.I give this movie a 7.5 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode of this show, which was a very good one, was so brilliant and moving and it still am moving and inspiring to this day. The story of a young couple, living in the woods, that have just moved into their new home, after losing their previous home due to the death of their beloved and beloved husband, has moved them to tears. The characters in this show are strong and realistic, they are flawed, like so many other shows, but not unlike this show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film first as a teenager, when it was first released. It was so amazing that I had to revisit it and was amazed. I remember my friend who saw it for the first time was crying, and asking me what's the story. I told him that I was going to show him how to film it (I had to go back to the cinema and film myself!) This film was incredible and amazing. I've never seen any of the reviews that this film was so well received. If you can watch this movie, and have not seen it, I'd recommend it to any one. I recommend this film to anyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great, but not the best. It is an enjoyable, but slow paced and masterfully written film with great performances by the actors. The story is one of many stories in the annals of the cinema, with many different themes and many different points of view.  The film was directed with the intention to portray the relationship between the two main characters, but it is well realized that there is a point of view, and the director succeeds brilliantly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that this is one of my favorite of the series! I'm glad I went and saw this! I have no idea why this is so rare in England. The cast is great and so is the storyline wonderful. A perfect match made for each other!  I am very impressed by the great cast. I'm always amazed by the actors, and the direction, and this is a wonderful series. I have seen it about 5 times, and I'm amazed how good it is! The best line I have heard from the actor was "I'm an actor, not a movie". Wow. Amazing! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only way to describe this brilliant musical is to point out that it is, in essence, a 'romp'. 'Happiness' is a strange emotion, a desire to be together with one of the other animals, and in its deepest meaning, it is the desire to live forever in the forest. It is one of those emotions that we are so used to in the western world, and it is one that we must learn to recognize in our own hearts.    As for this film, it was released in 1958. I would have expected it to be a 'new' musical. It could only be released after Disney's 'Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs' had come to an end.  'Hollywood's Dream Song' is one song of hope, one of singing. I hope that this film and the characters found in it may inspire people to find a place where they can find a purpose to live without being selfish and self-centered. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a real treat.  It features a magnificent acting performance from Denzel Washington, with a superb screenplay and great directing.  Denzel is a good actor. He is able to play any character, and he is a natural born actor.   The film shows us a very intelligent, well-rounded, well educated, and very successful human being. It's almost comical in every aspect.  The movie shows a beautiful view of life and of the relationships between the different generations.  I have seen the movie, and I'm amazed how much I missed the humor, the drama, and the message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of the 20th century, a film noir, that was to be expected.   Its plot is a simple one, and the performances of the leading actors are fine.  The directing is masterful, beautiful and the score is memorable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a detective (Rey) with his own personal vendetta against drug dealers who use a drug called "Holland" in order to survive. The plot has a lot of good possibilities.  If you enjoy an action filled film, this is a good film. It has lots of great stunts, and a very good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie but i found it quite original and very tasteful. It could be seen as the same as other movies that are not that much of a masterpiece but very good.  The film follows the lives of several people living in the big city, each with their own family and their own lives and experiences. The characters are so diverse that it is hard to categorize them.  There are quite a few killings which are shown and the characters are shown as people having problems.  Overall the movie is great and i give it a rating of 6/5 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best and most important movie ever made. The acting is masterfully done and the direction brilliant. It's an intelligent, stunning and unforgettable masterpiece.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Wargames" is an enjoyable game that's reminiscent of "Pick Your Poison" and "Monopoly", and features the same cast and crew as those two games, but different gameplay. "Warp" is a fun little game that pits a team of wannabe players against one of the strongest players. The wannabes win by taking on the other team, and are the only ones to lose. There are plenty of wacky moments, and it's a great wacky wad to play. A great wad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic film, that I remember watching when I was a kid, but I can't remember any details.  I remember seeing the first 30 minutes and being glued to the screen. But after that amazing beautiful scenery, wonderful cast, great acting, wonderful beautiful setting and great music, wonderful story and great acting. Incredible. Wonderful. Beautiful. Brilliant. Wonderful movie.  It's a must-see. It's hard to talk about the movie without spoiling it for you. A Classic Film, but it's a Classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite, yet it is not at all dull, but I found great fun and good entertainment throughout the movie. I think I could enjoy it just for the story and the acting. If you like the old Disney films, but like modern day films, like The Avengers, and the Chronicles of Narnia, you will like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all I'd like to point out that the acting is great, and that it is quite original and imaginative, but also that the ending works well. It is one of those endings that is both dramatic and a bit strange, but that is the nature of endings.  I'd love to see a movie with more dramatic and more philosophical endings, so I hope that this will come true. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am one of those people who loves movies that is as entertaining as the actual movie.  This is a good but not too serious movie. Its action is very stylish and realistic. The movie has a great storyline with lots of twists and turns.  The music is beautiful and the acting is great. I like the movie very much because the story has a lot of twists, turns and surprises.  I recommend this movie to anyone who likes movies with a plot and like to watch movies in general. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts off well enough with the plot to be familiar with. The script is fresh, the dialog fresh, and the cinematography beautiful. The beautiful cinematography is great, the beautiful setting fantastic, and great performances from all the actors. The music is beautiful, and so is the magnificent score. This movie is unique in that it is the first time that the Italian Mafia have ever made a movie with this magnificent score, and it was released in Italy by the Italian government, which is a rarity in the world.  I think this movie is a great movie. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not only that I was able to see all the films from the start; I was amazed by how beautiful and wonderful it was. I felt it was one of the masterpieces of the movie, which makes the movie great, but that it was the perfect movie for everyone. I would recommend it to anyone interested in the movie industry. It is so beautiful, I would like to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of the best movie i have seen in the last decade has been "The Invisible Man", starring Bruce Dern and Jude Law. In "The Unborn" the writer/director (Dern) shows us the human side of a story that we are still struggling with.  The Unborn is a depressing and tragic tale about a woman (Law) who lives with a terminal illness and a mysterious illness (the Unborn) and her struggle for life.    This movie is an interesting and tragic movie. It shows the struggle of two people that are both mentally ill and desperate for help. The Unbred show a different side of human nature. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the first film in which all the actors are from the same country. It is a very good, dark, sad movie. The actors are good. The story is good.  This movie is really, really disturbing. It can be a depressing movie if you are sick of the government, if you like the military, if just a little help. I have to admit, it was scary when I was a kid. It was sad when I grew up. It makes me sick to think of all the people that have to live in fear. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny movie with very little words. Very funny with some good moments and very stupid great fun. I don't think I've seen it before, so I don'nt know if it's been re-broadcast or not. But i am delighted that this is a movie that is still funny, and not as bad as the first two.  I am not a huge fan of the two main characters, so the fact that i haven't seen them since The Jerk is an interesting thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this series. It's very dark, very gory, and I'm glad there's a DVD of it. I would love to see it in black and white and all the other colors.  I think the DVD is the best of the series.  The acting is great, the direction masterfully crafted, and the beautiful scenery stunningly beautiful.  Also note that the soundtrack is very good, the camera-work beautifully well shot, and some very powerful FX, and that the ending is very dramatic, and a little predictable.  So if you liked the series, you'll love this movie.  7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not the best movie I have ever seen, and I have never seen any movie with such great performances from different actors, especially from the 3 main characters (Dillon, Eustache, and Ebert). But I would have to say, it is the best movies of the last 25 years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very well done film with a good message. I was surprised to find out the main character is a 14 year old boy who has a fascination with animals and nature.  The movie is very realistic and very heart-warming. The film is well-directed and made to look beautiful. The acting is superb masterfully done, and it is the beauty of the film that makes me sad to watch this beautiful film.  This movie is not like anything you have ever seen. I hope that everyone finds this film inspirational and that they will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was one of my favorite movies of all time. It is a good story that was made in an entertaining way.  It is not a movie about politics. It deals with the treatment of disabled people in America.  The film is about the life of a person with cerebral palsey. It also deals with issues that people with cerebral Palsey face everyday life.  I liked the movie because it dealt with such important issues and because I thought the people were so realistic and yet at the same time did not take away from the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is brilliant and funny, the best part is the music which is so emotional and catchy it becomes hard to resist.  It also makes a good impression of an intelligent movie, as do the other films starring the same people.  This is a really funny movie, I'd recommend it to anyone who likes to laugh at the same time as their serious movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second episode of this show which I saw as a kid when my parents taped it for me. I was amazed at how much I got.  The plot is very entertaining. It is not too sentimental and not too hard on the eyes either.  I have to say that this is a great show. I don't know if I have ever seen it before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the original movie and am excited to read the reviews about this movie, but this is the beautiful, wonderful, and over-the-top version that I have seen.  It is a remake of "The Cat and the Canary" and I am amazed that so few people seem to have commented on this remake. If the film had been a faithful remake of that movie, I would have given this film a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   If you like dark, gory and very twisted movies, and you like the twisted story of a high school senior in an unnamed gothic castle, then this is the movie for you.  A must see for horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an awesome movie. It is a very good movie. And i don't think it will be a typical romantic comedy.  I think that all the cast do an excellent job.  The only bad actor in the movie was the lovely Susan George. She is very beautiful and i don`t know why. I don`s not even know her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an adult film which can be viewed by any person who is at least 15 years old. It has many adult themes including sex, violence, drug abuse, etc.  This film is a must-see for anyone who wants to see adult entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had read this movie when it came out. It was my first time seeing a movie in a long time and i was not so thrilled with the movie. It showed that there is still life after tragedy and people just need acceptance and understanding. I also felt that it showed that people with anger and heartache can still find hope even if it is just a phone call away.  Overall i thought this movie showed that everyone in the world needs to come together and find that special someone. In the end everyone should have found that person and that they all have that special something to look for.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have the chance to see this, don't miss this one. It will make you see that there is still hope in the world for everyone. I wish that there was more compassion in the movie. I think that people that are able to find that meaning and happiness in life are missing out. We need to keep living in the present.  I love the simplicity of this movie. It's real and very honest. If people can see this movie and then find that there's still hope for the world and more hope for them to find something else, then there will be no need for them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love horror films. This one in particular is one of my favorites. It is well done and well-acted, and the actors are great, but it also has one of the few endings that I have seen that actually makes me jump in my seat, and that is because the director masterfully captures the true feel of the film. This film is a true story of friendship and of loss, and in the end it is the loss that makes this film, and it is one that haunts me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the wonderful little movie! The movie is a must see!  The movie focuses on a little boy's life with his mother and a little sister. They are both very happy and so are you! The only negative are the music videos. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an independent and widely distributed (not released by Disney) drama which deals with the relationship of an Italian family living together in a big city and the relationships of the mother and her two children.  I thought this movie was very emotional and very honest.  This movie has an honest, powerful and sad message about the many, many problems in our world.  It also has some stunning music.  The acting is strong and the story has a powerful and powerful message.    I don't want to spoil this movie for those interested in it, but I would like to mention a few words. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of two scientists, one male and the other a woman, is a little over the top, and it's really quite original, it's a pretty good film. It's got loads of great acting and great special effects.  The ending is quite good, but there's some pretty good lines in it. The main characters are great, and they really fit the characters very well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of the movie is a bit more complex than the first one, with some surprises and a surprising ending.  This is a fun and somewhat chaotic movie that should make you interested in the beginning.  The movie is not a bad movie, but a good one with a lot of humor and surprises. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Mother" is a sweet romantic comedy about two lonely and sad women, but they end up falling in love after a long day on the beach. This movie follows the life of one Lily, who is ready to take the next step in her life, and her long suffering and dream of finding a meaningful relationship with a real man. Lily meets a man at the beach, and after he has made his intentions clear, she begins to live for his company's beach house. She finds out that she has to choose between her dream and the man she has chosen.  The movie focuses on Lily's interactions with men and her desire to find a relationship with her true love. The director's subtle symbolism and beautiful scenery really help to make Lily feel alienated and unhappy in her own world. The actors are also adept in making the characters come to life and make Lily realize that she is not her mother and that her mother is not Lily. The movie shows Lily as a young and naive girl who is still discovering her sexuality, while at the same time not being able to grasp the gravity of her situation and the impact her situation is having on her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've been a fan of the series for some years now, and this is the series that I would like to say I had never seen. This is the first movie to use the new Unreal engine, but the second, third and last ones use the old Unreal engine. It has a beautiful and stunning visual look to it and it has a powerful gameplay, a very interesting plot and a good storyline. This game is absolutely awesome and I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an adult-oriented drama. It is the story of a couple of women, all of them with adult problems. One is sexually abused by her father. Her mother is an alcoholic. The other is a serial killer.  The two leads are good, and it works well enough. The actors are fine, and the film has good flow, good pacing, good camera shots, great performances. The plot is solid, and there are some great performances and beautiful cinematography. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't think anyone would question the authenticity of a movie like this - the whole family is part of it. We all know and understand that when someone dies, we are supposed to watch their last moments on earth, and it makes the whole thing more meaningful, so the family gets what it wants, and no one is at fault. This movie is so beautiful, and so touching, that it doesn't deserve to be shown in public. The best thing about the whole movie is the music - beautiful, haunting and inspiring, and very fitting for a movie that deals with such a sad subject. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a student at the University of Maryland. I had heard of this film and enjoyed it. I got some friends to watch it and I found it very interesting. I was fascinated to see if this was really "Shakespeare in Love", or was this a modern version of it? It was a fascinating experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am glad I have seen this film. The story is very good, but I would like to add a couple of comments on my feelings about the movie. I have watched the movie over fifty times and have always found it to be very emotional. The acting is great especially for the leading actors, and it is very interesting and I have to admit, I was annoyed by the way the movie showed the various families in Israel and the relations between the family members and their friends. I also don't understand why the movie focused on the relationships between the two main characters, and not on the story which is much more complicated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's easy to see why this movie wasn't more widely distributed.  It has a great cast, with great performances, but it's not an action movie, but a great romantic movie with great cinematography and brilliant beautiful special effects. A great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am very interested in the history of war films and am looking for a copy of "A German war film" that I can rent on the History channel, but I was surprised when I found that it is very well made and very good in parts. It shows a lot of footage from the war, but the most powerful scenes are the ones where it shows women in their underwear fighting and crying. There are some very shocking scenes and the last half of the film was great. The film is really shocking in parts, but overall it is a great historical piece.  I would like to recommend this to anyone who is interested in war films. I found it very fascinating, but could not stop laughing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's no "The Prodigy" - The Prodigy is a great romantic comedy about a guy who finds a new way to kill people (literally) with his new found passion.  I was not surprised by the fact that this movie took a different path to the end. It is a mix of comedy, horror and a great love story all rolled into one.  The movie is filled with laughs, suspense and a surprising mix of genres. It also stars great performances from the usual suspects - i'm surprised at how good these people are - i would have to ask myself, but i love to.  So why is it so underrated? I have a theory.   Maybe i missed something, but I love it and hope that there is not a sequel to The Prod i would watch again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a result of the success of "The Secret Diary" in 1963, I have seen my share of horror movies. The movie that scared me the most was "The Exorcist"  The movie starts with a doctor telling his patients that an evil force is destroying the world. He reveals the existence of an ancient evil, which can take an object and give it an effect that causes the objects to disappear from existence.  The Doctor reveals that the object has the power of invisibility and can destroy an object. He also reveals that it is his great nephew's diary that is the key to this terrifying evil.  This movie has it's share of the same themes and scares the whole audience. The first half of the movie is an incredible suspense and suspense, but it still remains scary enough to keep the audience awake. The scares are also the most realistic and intense, the characters are good and scary, and the special effects are very impressive. The best part of the whole movie is the scene where the doctor explains that he can make the objects disappear and then all of the objects will disappear forever. I recommend this movie to anyone looking for a scary experience.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to see some great horror movies, and want to see them, watch this movie. I love it. It is not just another scary movie, it is a great movie! I have seen it many times, and I always hate it. I have to tell you that I am very surprised at the rating of 5/5. The great movie is about the life of a detective in the 19th century, and his thoughts about the people and how they are affected by the modern world, and he thinks about his mistakes in his life, and try to get them to understand and care about their problems. I also like the story, the acting, and the beautiful scenery. I think this movie is a masterpiece, and deserves a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't understand why this movie is so underrated. It is not simply because it is a movie with a plot, a plot with great actors. It has great acting and wonderful great settings. Brilliant cinematography and great settings are wonderful masterpieces. Great cinematography masterpieces like this movie are wonderful. Excellent settings are masterpieces, wonderful settings are special masterpieces... Perfect masterpieces!!! I love this movie and will buy it... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not really a big B movie buff. I love movies that are well written and well directed. I don't really think of B movies as being any different. The only way that I feel that there is something new and unique is when you see movies like this one. You have to see it to believe it. If you don't see it, then you are not paying attention to it. I am really glad I did. I was amazed at the beauty and simplicity of this film. It was beautifully done in a simple way, that of all movies I have ever seen. I really love the simplicity of it. The director did a great job of presenting a very simple story. The story has simplicity in it's beauty. A simple story that has beauty and it works well.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a remake of a very famous movie from director Pasolini, that of the celebrated Pasolini's masterpiece "The Golden Coach" in 1931. In the original, Pasolini made his masterpiece about a sportsman (Pasolini) whose passion for the sport of boxing is all for the money. In this, Paschini makes a stunning turn and comes up with a beautiful movie, which is made even more spectacular by Pasolini in the scene where Pasolini is throwing a javelin into a brick wall. Pasolini puts in one of his signature scenes of a man being knocked down, as it happens, by a brick, in a very realistic and almost comical way, and yet still manages to make it look as if Pasolini was a fine person and his love for boxing was the result of an exceptional effort.  This movie is a true classic, and although there are some scenes, like Pasolini throwing a brick through a brick house and Pasolini getting his legs torn up by a very powerful punch, the director does not seem to be trying to show his viewers how incredible Pasolini really was, or that he had a remarkable career. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen a few movies about this kind of thing and this is certainly not one of them. However, it is a good film with great acting. A lot of great lines, great music. Excellent cast too. This is a movie for the whole family. 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a woman and her journey from a country back to the place she grew up is a long and interesting one. Her mother and her sister are both from the same family and both have a history of being witches. They were both very old when she was killed, but when she comes back to her village of her youth she doesn't have a clue how she got out of this situation and why she is back. I have to admit that I really liked this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie for the first time in a long time and really enjoyed it. It was very atmospheric, but had a good story, so I guess I was let down. It's really something to see. It is not so much of a romantic movie, but more of a dramatic story. A good story with some great acting. It didn't feel rushed or overdone, and I would say that it could have been much better. The movie is really great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the late '80's on HBO. I was a young woman at the time and I didn't realize anything about it. It was so amazing! It was the beginning of the war, and the acting was beautiful. The story was touching, the music was great and the direction brilliant. The scene where they are in the carriage, it was so moving, and beautiful. I would recommend it to anyone. If you like to see a story that touches people, or you like an experience that makes you feel like something is missing, or if you want to watch an amazing film, then this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been a fan of this series for almost twenty years now.  It's a parody of a very serious subject, but this is not about any of the above mentioned. It is about a man who seeks his true love.  This movie is a parody, that is, it's a satire of a true story, of one that many have told their own.  I have seen this movie over thirty times, with varying reactions ranging from "I'm a nut for this movie" to "This is a very good movie, if you're willing to be serious".  I also have noticed that I have had to look away from the screen for long periods of time, so I had a sense that it was not so serious, but very funny.   I still have to watch this movie every now and then. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you've ever been to see a comedy this is the perfect movie for you. It's original and has a good point to it. It doesn't take itself too seriously and the only thing that bothered me about this movie is the soundtrack, which was very well done. It is very good, but it does give the viewer a sense of how strange it all is.  Overall, great comedy. 10/7 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very powerful and touching story of the lives of an old and sick woman who discovers that she has a very unusual illness and begins to search for the meaning of life. The story focuses on the life of Helen and her struggles as she struggles to find her place in the world. The film is a bittersweet tale that explores the frailties of old age and illness. The actors are very believable, with their lines of sadness and longing that the aging woman experiences.  I have never seen any of the other films, so I cannot compare. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was very moving to be a mother's diary, that was so brave. This film is a very good, very touching, very true story about a mother and her daughter who live in a small village in East Africa. Mother Togar has always been the center of the family. But the daughter is no longer living in the village, and Mother Togo has moved to a new location in the town.  The new location is an old graveyard, where Togo's mother is resting and waiting for the dead to come to rest. Mother has come to live in this graveyard. She is surrounded by a circle of dead bodies, each one with a scarlet red cross tattooed on their chest. Mother seeks out Togo for help.  Mother Tonga finds a stone, and asks Togo to help. Togo says she can't help Mother, she has to stay home and take care of her daughter.  Then Togo is surrounded and Mother dies, and Togaree finds Togo in a nearby house, and tells Togo that she is dead.  Togahar finds Togara, and says that she has seen it all before. Togari is now ready to go back to the grave, but Togo insists that she doesn't have to. She doesn't understand what Togo had seen.  This film portrays a very sad time in Togo and the village. Mother had lived there for 30 years before the film was made. She died, and had found that she had lost all of her memories.  I recommend this film to anyone who has ever lived in the villages of East Africa, or who have ever felt that this is a real life. It will be very hard for anyone to live there, and that will only make Togo happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this film. It is the first movie I ever saw with such great acting and great music and great special effect. I like it because it is different from the other films I have seen, so it's not really like one. The only thing that I dislike about this film is the sound track, which is quite good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Wave" is a documentary that explores the last wave of the global war 2. The main purpose of the film is to tell the story of two young Americans and their struggle for survival and understanding after two wars that have left them feeling empty and abandoned.  The story follows two guys, Matt and Brad, and their interaction and struggles in this time of war. The acting is great, and the documentary is very informative and very interesting.  This is a short, concise and informative movie that will inspire, make you question, and give hope. I recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in seeing a story of a man and his struggle for life and that he or she will understand that there is something that we can all do to survive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had the pleasure of seeing this wonderful movie on the night of July 25, 2006. It's a bit slow and predictable, with great performances from all the actors. It can be a bit much for some, and some parts are quite silly, but the story itself is very good. And the cast is very diverse, with good performances from everyone. The acting is fine, and the movie is great.  I'd like to see this movie again, but it isn't that good. If you haven't seen it yet, I would suggest watching it soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In the words of a great one, "You Are So Beautiful", by Albert Pyun, a movie with Richard Attenborough is not to be missed. This is one of his more complex movies, which is something that we all should see. Attenboro is a master of understatement. He has proved that the human race is not as violent and violent as portrayed in "One of Us". Attenborrow is a magnificent actor. His subtle facial expressions, gestures and body language are something that I have never seen.   "The Great Race" is a fine example of how Attenbury can direct a film and he is able to make us see that he has chosen the right actors for his characters. It is a bold move. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed by this film. The story was intriguing and I had to see it again. The movie showed that women are very emotional beings. And men are as well.  I would like to see more movies like this one, and I'm sad when this happens. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of my favourite films ever made in the history of cinema. I remember seeing this movie about 4 years ago and after watching it again today, it still am one of the best films ever. It was filmed in the USA in 1948, the year the USA entered World War II. The plot is a bit complex, and the acting is very great. I would have liked to see the film with a bit more background about the war, but I do not think this is necessary. This movie is an impressive masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was the first movie I saw that made me jump. It was beautifully filmed and I enjoyed the first part a lot more than the first 5 or 10 minutes. It is a good story and the best music ever used in a movie. The whole movie is awesome! It is funny and I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of European horror movies. The best of the lot is probably the last part of the movie. In addition to the great acting, great direction, great cinematography masterpieces, great great great creepy atmospheres and great suspenseful atmosphere. A great example is the beautiful Italian villa set in the middle of a very strange and sinister night. But this movie also has the classic "camp atmosphere" and suspense that European horror used to have in the beginning. So if you like the Italian horror movies, this is the perfect movie to rent. I hope the people who have seen this movie will find a strange movie to watch. I have to say that i liked it, but i am not too shocked by the other two. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is unlike many films in the same genre and has very good production. The story is interesting but the performances are great perfection. I liked all the actors and the direction, it makes the movie more beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Mother" (1944)   The Mother, a small American woman, is awakened from a nightmare. She visits a strange hospital where she discovers that her husband is a powerful force, and that the only one who can stop him is the Mother.   Mother tries to stop this menace by using her psychic powers to find the Mother, but Mother is protected by an evil force.  The story follows Mother's attempt to protect the Mother from evil forces, and how the Mother's protection begins to weaken her.  There is a very powerful performance by Rosemary La Planche as the Mother and a powerful performance from Kenneth Branagh as the Father. The Mother is a strong, strong woman who will do anything for her children. This is a scary movie for everyone. It is a good horror for horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main character is the director of a fine art gallery and curator of a very good retrospective. The film features some of his best work as well as some very interesting and disturbing images. The two stars of the film are very good but the story itself is very strong. It is interesting, creepy and disturbing. The story is about a curator of an art gallery who is interested in what he could find to make a good retrospective, and some of the images he is able to make are quite disturbing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've always been a big B-movie fan and I loved the first few episodes of this movie. I loved how they made the story seem more realistic. The acting was great beautifully written, and the cinematography brilliant.  My favourite line is when they are talking about how they love their parents. It's so poignant. I'm going to watch it one day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the movie, the characters are familiar and interesting, but the story is actually very short, concise and beautiful. It contains some stunning special effects and the beautiful cinematography, but that is not the best. I especially like the acting of the two main characters and the music.  This is a nice and funny movie, with some surprises, and I recommend to anyone interested in this kind of movie.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was very intriguing and I really enjoyed the movie. It was also quite scary in the beginning but it really got scary towards the end. I recommend you to watch this movie. If you like the movie then you should watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen this movie for the first time on late night TV and i was very impressed. It was a great portrayal of a relationship that you've only ever dreamt about, a real heartfelt moment in which you realize that the real world can have some downs as well as ups. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film, not just an action movie. It shows the diversity of reactions to an atrocity, in both good and bad ways. It also shows that there is still hope for the future. I don't know if the main characters are going to survive. This film shows the humanity and the suffering of the victims.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Wave" is the story of a man who, in the middle of a surfing crisis, comes to a startling revelation. He is a man with a life-threatening illness who is in dire need of help. The man who's been surfing in the same area as his brother is the only person he talks to who has been surfing for so long that he is in a state of depression. He and his surfers go to a private yacht for help. There they find a woman in the harbor who offers to help if they'll help her find a way to get out of the surf.   The man agrees and agrees that if he helps her, he'll be a hero.  The scene is great and powerful. It is the film's second best scene, and the story is really interesting. The scene where the man finds his life-saving phone on the beach is disturbing, and I'm not sure if that scene is supposed to be disturbing or not. It has the most emotional impact of any movie I have seen, and it is one of the most powerful in the film.  I really don't think I could recommend this film to anyone, even if they have no surfers and have surfed in the area for years. I'm really impressed that so few people in this area actually surf in the waters of Northern California. I hope this film gets more exposure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A little boy's adventure in the woods" is a great film. The movie is short, with a great cast, great acting and great special FX. But, there is a problem with the film, and I was very impressed with it. The beautiful scenery, wonderful settings, beautiful characters master brilliant, beautiful music, brilliant music, beautiful beautiful settings and great settings master brilliant. I enjoyed this film, especially the FX, which are stunning, and the special FX, beautiful special FX and great music. It is really great. I would recommend this film to any kid, and even if you are not a kid, I would still recommend this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the original, if not the best, and is a must-see for everyone. It is a great story and could be the next sequel to the great Indiana Jones films.  I have to say that I liked it and the action was very thrilling and believable. The cinematography was great, the settings and action sequences great. I also love that the film is full of action sequences and a good story.  Overall, a great movie.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie, even though I like all those low budget, but it's still fun to watch. The acting is great, the story is great. The cinematography master brilliantly captured the essence of what movies should be made of. A great scene for me was the "Whale Music" scene. The actors in this movie were master works, and so was the music, which works well with the story. The movie isn't about the whales, but the music and the beautiful scenery is about them. It has a nice touch of nature, and I love the "whale music" sequence, because that was the scene that sums up the whole movie.  The whole movie is great fun, and you will enjoy it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a beautiful, but very realistic depiction of what the young woman goes through when she gets to her place of work. I have seen it on a number of occasions, and I have no intention of reprising the same formula. The acting is superb, the plot is unique and moving, and the whole movie is made up of great performances. It is a story of hope, which I am sure most of us have some place in our hearts that we do not want to live, and that this is one place where there is hope.   I would love to be able to recommend this movie, but I would like to make one point of warning: this is not a movie for people with an open heart, but a movie that will make you believe. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   If you like the good comedy of 'The Smokers' or the hard-bitten slapstick of 'Cannonball Run', you'll love this movie. It's not just a movie about a group of high school kids who go on a quest to become the greatest smokers in the world. It also isn't just a parody of those two. There are lots of laughs in this movie, so watch for the slapstick jokes, which aren't very funny, and you'll be glad to have seen it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not an big movie fan but this was great fun for me. The music was great, and the acting brilliant. The best part was the beautiful cinematography, and great music. It was one of those movies you had to see to understand. I would have liked to know how it was and the ending. The special effects were great, although the movie wasn't for kids, it was for the whole family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces of the year!  The main theme is the fate of the young painter as he comes to the end of his career, the same theme as The Black Cat.  The story is quite good, the script is good and the story is good.   All in all a great movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Gorilla Gorilla" is an enjoyable, yet not completely over-the-top action film. The movie is slow and not too many people have a chance to see it before the whole audience is fully engrossed. The plot involves Gorilla (John Ritter) who seeks out the Gorilla tribe of Central Africa in the hope that he can find a mate for her tribe's Gorilla-nomad. There are also other characters such as N'Djam (Robert Stack) and "Mama" (Polly Morgan) that have very little to do with Gorilla's plight. I was not sure if the story was set on another continent, or if I am not allowed to compare any two gorillas, or any other species for that matter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was inspired by a true story. One of my favorite actors and director of the movie was Ralph Meeker who played the "retro hacker" perfectly. The scene where the story line takes place in the modern world is in the beginning of the story. The movie is not about the "hackers" who were caught red handed by the government and who got caught in the government's web. This movie is about a true person who is caught in his own web and who has to fight against a government that is bent on destroying him.  The ending scene of the film was beautiful and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to see something that they may not be familiar with. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a brilliant look at what can happen when a team of scientists, a doctor and a police detective are joined by a talented, sexy and charismatic human. It's not an over the top movie, it's more realistic. The plot is real, and the acting is masterfully fine. The cinematography masterworks beautifully and blends the two greats in great beauty, and it works perfectly. The action is well directed and detailed. I highly recommend it to anyone interested in seeing real science fiction. 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film follows the lives of a couple of young people in the rural countryside. The characters are real and so are the people. The story is a good one, and the acting is great. The cast is also very good, but the film really is wonderful. The music is very beautiful and so is the scenery. It really is a beautiful story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is one of those.I love the acting, especially from the four leads.The story itself is very good, and is a lot more realistic than the standard.It's also more emotional and dramatic than the average B movie. The ending is also a good one, and the ending will not disappoint anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It was my very first experience with a film about the World Trade Center tragedy on 11th September 2001. I am not sure that I would have seen it had I not been on the scene on that day.  I can only remember two people that were in the towers that day, and they were two police officers and firefighters. The other people that I knew at the time were from the towers, and I don't know how they were. I only know how one of them got his name.  This film tells of the lives of two men who were on the ground on that fateful day, who saw the towers come down, and who have lost their lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of this movie is unique, in the fact that it was filmed in the lush jungles of Ceylon (now Sri Lanka).The characters are not caricatures of real people, but they are fictional creations of the director that he uses in his films.The cinematography master works beautifully and works in all the angles, even though the picture is a 2D image, this effect works wonderfully.The acting is great, with great performances from all the actors, especially the females, but also the males, that make this movie great, and the score is good as well. The direction is great and works nicely, especially from the cinematography. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very funny movie. It has a very hard time understanding and rewarding. It's not just a "drama", but it's a movie that actually makes you laugh. It was very original and very fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was nice to see the movie again after it was first shown in 2002. I am glad I did.  I don't think anyone will complain about this movie. It wasn't really that great in the first place, and it still isn't great in comparison. The actors did great work, and the cinematography master brilliantly captures the essence of the movie. I don;t know what I like about this one, but I love it, because it makes me feel like I am back in my childhood again, and i am a teenager again. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most poignant, uplifting and uplifting movie I've ever seen. The story is a powerful one, and I felt it would be unfair to the man to have such a powerful message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is a great story. The ending alone is worth the watch. It shows the beauty of the human spirit and how we can be touched by anything. The only problem I have is with the acting of the main characters in this movie. Ellen Burstyn, Cher, and Radha Mitchell give amazing performances and the movie is a wonderful tribute to them. I give this movie a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    First of all, it is a movie that is very well done in every aspect. The actors have great chemistry and it is very impressive how beautiful the cinematography is and the beautiful shots.  It is very emotional and I think that everyone should see this movie. It will make you feel sorry for those guys and girls that have lost their loved ones and you will make them realize how painful life is and that they need a chance to make something special and find happiness again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love all the special effects in this movie. They have beautiful backgrounds and great special effects. I think the best part of the movie is when you have a conversation with some character and when they are all together you can see how all their different opinions are. This movie is a great movie. I recommend it to all the family. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The acting is great, it's beautiful and it's so natural and natural you'll go crazy and love this movie and hate it. I love that.  If you liked The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer and you love me then you'll love this masterpiece. I've seen it all and still love it, I'm not a hater but I love the movie.  I've been watching the movie for a year and I love it. This is the best movie of all time.  The movie is very emotional and I can't wait to see it again. It's a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie follows a group of actors who are making their first feature film. They are all successful and together they form the story of their struggle to find their place in the world, their fears, their dreams and their love.  This is a very disturbing movie and if you are frightened at night and want to leave the house you can do so without fear of losing your precious time.   The story of the main characters is very believable.  The director is very good at showing the mental anguish of the characters, and the ending is very fitting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of this movie is the "Ida Galli" (the female slave) and her story is not very interesting. The other part of the movie is "La Sanguinusa" (one of the female captives) and it is about her mother and her mother-in-law. The story is about how she got her freedom and how she took part in the slave trade.  The "La Montagna del dio canniballi" (The Old Virgin) was a very erotic story. In it the female slave (the daughter of one of the slave-traders) gets to know the "ladies" of the group (the mother and the sister of the mother-trader). The movie is about the old woman's desire to have sexual relations with the youngest female slave.   I would recommend "La Grande Sanguini" for all the lovers of erotic movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It was so funny and well-acted. It's a pity more people won't see it.  I'm not sure who will get the DVD when it comes out, so I hope someone gives me a message when it does come out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not going to give anything away. I've seen most of the other reviewers here, and they don't seem to know what they are talking about, so I'll just say this: I love the movie. I was surprised and happy to see that it was so well done.  The acting is superb, great character portrayals, great great acting, great directing, great cinematography. It's beautiful.  It's a must see! 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most powerful and disturbing works of art ever. This was one of the first and best documentaries about the Japanese people, the traditional lifestyle, and their interactions with nature. A must see for all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie follows the life of a young man, played by Gerard Phillipe. During his time of youth he is plagued by nightmares, and his life is slowly taking a turn for the worse. He meets a girl who reminds him of what life is like in the world of the dreamer. One day the girl wakes from a nightmare and tells her story of her nightmares, how she wished to return to the world she lived in, and how she came to the conclusion that she will never be able to return. The movie is about the dreams of Gerard Phillipes.  I thought that the best part of the movie was the music which was excellent. The music was really memorable and the dream sequences were very imaginative.  Overall, the movie is a great dream story for anyone. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to watch a great documentary, check out this one. It is so amazing that you don't know what to expect. In fact, you probably would never dream of it, and would probably be surprised if you did.  This is an excellent documentary, that is truly, with tons of fascinating footage. It was a very interesting and very honest piece of work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know how much to say. I was surprised with this movie. Very creative and brilliantly crafted. Excellent performances by all. Very beautiful images and beautiful cinematography. Wonderful movie. A great film. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie a few times now.  It was very good. I didn't see any of the scenes very much, but the movie was great fun. It had good jokes, a good story, and good music, but I have to say that the story was very funny. The actors were awesome and very good at the same time, and I liked all of the acting. I liked the movie overall because of the beautiful landscapes and the beautiful animals, and also because it was short.  I recommend this movie to anyone who likes animals and animals. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Porno Vannet" is a beautiful, disturbing and shocking film.It's disturbing, it's shocking, it has great acting, and it's the last great Dutch horror movie from the director of "Dancer in the Dark".It's not a masterpiece, it is a short, sweet and very disturbing.It isn't really shocking,it's disturbing.I really hope that there will be many more Dutch horror movies to come.I love all the Dutch horror, especially "Dance of Death" and "Dress to Kill". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie blew me away! I've always been a huge Adam Sandler fan. He's got that great sense of humor and has delivered it brilliantly. I liked this movie because it's so simple, concise, and funny. It's not a huge, giant production but it is funny. You just don't have to laugh to enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line in "Bend It Like Beckham" is quite interesting. It's a very simple tale, about a man who works in a factory that manufactures things, and his life changes when he finds out that he has to choose between his life and his family. It sounds like a great movie. It certainly made me think. It was an intriguing movie, but it wasn't the great movie that I've seen. I think the film works very well for people who don't usually watch films by the actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as acting is concerned, this is a masterful masterfully crafted and stunning masterpiece of acting and cinematography. It is a great tribute to the great directors and cinematographers of the silent era.  The actors are uniformly fine and brilliant. The camera is masterfully composed of multi colored and moving images. The story has a distinct direction and style. The actors deliver masterfully nuanced performances. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, this movie is one of the masterpieces from Mr. Antonioni. "La Grande Folie" is a great example. This is a movie about a girl discovering that she has to learn to live and lose herself. It is about an Italian immigrant (Antonio Doss) who works hard for his family, who comes to live with a family that has lost their father (Antony) and brother (Doss' mother), and finally learns to embrace life in the middle. This movie is very emotional, and I don't think that anyone could make such great acting. It was beautifully directed, and the acting was wonderful. The story is very interesting and you will be entertained by it. Antonione was excellent in his portrayal of Doss. Doss' performance was also great. I was very impressed by how good it was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pleased with the movie because I have always been a big fan of Robert Stack & have been trying to get him to do some work for me for a long time.  It was so beautiful and true to the story, and so true to him that I am surprised that the film hasn't been shown to a wider audience. I was amazed at the thought of an intelligent man being able to understand a story about a little child, which was probably the reason he was able to bring out the story in such a natural and gentle way.  I am also shocked that the story of the young child, as she tries to fit in to the adult world and does everything to become the adult she is. I am always intrigued by the thought that an intelligent child can be able to put all the things she puts in her mind into her head and become the person she wishes to be. This is true to her as well.    I'm not sure why Stack hasn't yet shown this film to a larger audience. Maybe it's because of Stack's famous acting, which is true of many of his films. Maybe the story would be more believable if Stack was in it, or maybe I'm just in awe of his genius, but I don't know. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie was beautiful, it was beautiful and so was the cinematography and the beautiful scenery. I have seen this movie twice and am surprised it stays the same! It is really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie that Hollywood never let us down. A great cast of good actors, it also boasts the great acting skills of the great Walter S. Miller as the lead, a character that could have been one of the greatest actors in the history of the world. And the great performances of all the actors in this film are masterpieces of characterization. In fact, I have never seen an actor with such great talent on screen.  I love the story line, the script, the cinematography, the camera shots, the performances, the use of masks, the score, the special effects, and the beautiful and haunting music. And I am sad to see that this film never received a theatrical release, so I will keep the story to myself. I am happy that it is a movie I will never forget. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, concise, and very entertaining action movie about a group of outlaws trying to live their lives in the middle east and trying to survive on land stolen by the state of Kansas. The film takes place in 1824 in the southern Kansas Territory. It is a very muddy area, and there are lots of native American cabins and cabins. The story is set in the summer, when the natives and their neighbors are trying to get their cattle and can't get any help from the white people. The movie tells of a group trying to find water and fight the encroaching white people, while fighting the local cattlemen.  The film is very violent, and I have to say it has the feel of a film made in the late 1970's. This is what the film should look like. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Moonwalker" is a romantic comedy, directed by the always reliable Stephen Chow and has a plot which is actually quite good (as is "Cinema D"). The plot involves a lonely housewife who becomes obsessed with her new husband after seeing him with another woman. The story may not be romantic at all and the movie is not meant to be an accurate one (I think). The direction is great, especially for the soundtrack. The acting is great and the camera work beautiful, especially in Chinatown. I also liked the cinematography. A must see for all fans of Stephen Chow. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I have watched this movie over and over, I have become more and more convinced that this is one great, beautiful and unique film. I believe it is not only a great story and great acting from John Lithgow and David Redmon, but it is also stunning and interesting cinematography. The story is set in a post-apocalyptic setting. The cinematography is beautiful and the special effects are brilliant. This is the movie that should be seen to gain some understanding of how this movie works. The special effects and the story are unique, yet the whole movie works well together. The main theme is that humans should have the ability to communicate with each other in a natural setting. It is not necessary that a movie be made for a mass audience, it is the nature of the story that should make people interested.   I would like to recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never seen a film from the late director and was surprised to see it was his last. I think that's a pretty good movie for a movie that deals with so many serious matters and makes you cry, and it is also quite depressing and it shows the human side of boxing.  I found this movie to be very moving, and the story of how two young boxers in the 1930's fight to become champion at the same time that a man fights for his life and then asks that his fellow boxers join him in his fight against the big, white establishment is a very moving story.  The direction is great, the cinematography master wonderfully beautiful, and overall, I found the movie to have great action and suspense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it was one masterfully crafted, beautifully crafted, and beautifully filmed movie. The use of the natural setting was perfect. The setting was unique. The cast was perfect, and the story stunning.  I saw this movie first as a child, and I am now 21 years old and have seen it many times as an adult.  The story is so captivating, and so unique that it is hard to describe, but I would love to know more. It is hard not to get drawn into the story. It has so many beautiful moments, and it is a true testament to the talent of the cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very good movie. It is very, very realistic and very, VERY funny. I think this movie is perfect for all ages. I'm surprised that so many people hated this movie. I loved it and I'm sad that so few people hated it. This is really great. I am shocked by the actors and the wonderful, wonderful cast. I've been a lot by the music and I am stunned by the brilliant, beautiful, fantastic acting. This movie really isn't just good entertainment. It really is an incredible masterpiece.  I am surprised that the people who hated this film hated this masterpiece so much. I do not understand how this film can be so great! I'm really surprised. I can't wait for it to come out on DVD, I will buy it right now! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very heartwarming movie, starring the lovely Christina Applegate and starring the great Sir John Hughes. A great cast of supporting characters includes the young Barbara Stanwyck and the great Gwyneth Paltrow. The story of the two lonely souls and their interaction is at times a little over dramatic and over dramatic. The script is touching, and the music, including some of the biggest hit songs in history, are wonderfully chosen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only thing that bothered me in this was the fact that this is not a movie about a car or even a movie. The great acting and great directing brilliant brilliantly brought together stunning cinematography and stunning cinematographic cinematography. The superb cinematography combined with brilliant cinematography settings brilliantly made this brilliant film, brilliantly. I think that this movie is perfect. Brilliant. Brilliantly beautiful. Brilliant cinematography, brilliant cinematography, brilliantly beautiful and beautiful cinematography perfectly complemented each other brilliantly. Brilliant and stunning. Brilliant, stunning and beautiful. I recommend this film to everyone. I would love to see this again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie first as a student in 1990. I was 15, and I was looking for some laughs with my friends.  We rented the movie for about 5 bucks and it was amazing. We were all very impressed. The best part was at the opening credits. It showed the actors from the beginning to the end in their best lighted up scenes. The scene where the movie was in the field was beautiful. The story is really interesting and I don't know if I have ever seen anything like it.   This movie is a nice update of a story that was made about the original movie. It is a very good update and I hope that they make a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes is in the beginning when the guys are talking about the first movie. The first movie is "I was a child actor in the 60's".   Now my comment to this wonderful film is that it's great fun. You get to see some great performances by all the actors.  "The Mother" is my all time favorite movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite films. The way the story develops, keeps you guessing the whole time.The story may take a long time to get to the point of view of the main character (if there is one) and you have to keep watching to see the whole thing. The actors give great performances, the story is great, the cinematography master works beautifully, the action is amazing and the special effects work brilliantly. The story is simple and easy to follow. I enjoyed the last scenes especially, the last fight scenes especially.  The cinematography is great especially for a film with so few words, special effects, well done, stunning and memorable performances and great music. The director knows how to use different types of films (the classic 70s German masterpiece, the modern 80s Japanese ninja action and the modern American epic saga), and mixes them well. It is surprising that such a well made and complex film like this gets so much attention and praise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterful and beautiful film "The Little Man" was a very well done film. The plot and the acting masterfully portrayed the life of a small country boy who is obsessed with the world of animals, nature and man. The film is so enchanting that it is almost like a fairy tale. It is a beautiful and touching film about the struggles of two boys and how they overcome these problems in a beautiful setting. It also features a wonderful song that could not be used to describe this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have noticed that this movie was not that good. I thought the movie was beautiful but very touching and moving. It could have been a very powerful story but it was good. The main character was a woman who was torn between her love for a child and her desire for a life of her own. It was nice to see her in this situation and to think about what would have happened if she had chosen the child over her husband and stayed with her husband. The story was beautiful and touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first true horror movie in the modern world, that being the first of its kind, and that it is an interesting horror movie. I had to say that the first time i saw it, i thought it was awesome amazing. But after watching it again, i really enjoyed it, the way the movie is developed and the way everything works. It has a very good story, and some great scares. Also i like the soundtrack, it reminds me of a good horror movie, and the cast is good, which i like very much. The best thing about this movie is the fact that it was very short. The movie is so great, i recommend it to everyone, but i recommend not to watch it for the same reason as other great horror films: that it makes you scared. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found the film very original and very beautiful and it was surprising and moving. It reminded me of "Hollywood's own personal journey". The film did not glorify Hollywood, nor did it attempt to show how things really happened. The film was about the everyday people and the everyday struggles they had to go through. This is a real story that we can all relate to, no matter where we are or what we are.   I am not at all an American. I am a Muslim and I am proud of my religion. I feel the American people should know more about Islam, as they are not always so ignorant of the fact that it is a faith that can be very different from the rest. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found the film interesting, but it still gave me a sense of what is going on in the world and in my own life. The acting was wonderful great and the film showed the true beauty of the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the movie and really liked it. I really don't know why, as I've heard people discuss it here and there, and there are good comments on it, and I can't remember anything specific, and just thought it was a good action film. However, it wasn't as good as the movie it was made. I'm not a big fan of Jean Reno, as she has the ability to really bring out her character, and she's very believable as a character. Her acting was great, and it was so natural that it flowed beautifully and was fantastic, but not overdone. It had a great ending.  The movie was a very emotional journey, and the acting was fantastic. I think everyone in the movie was great actors, and also great in the actual movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first of the great romantic-comedy movies was a strange and wonderful thing, but the second one is even better. It is a simple and beautiful film.  This is an absolutely stunning and heart-warming film, the film itself is full of surprises, and the characters are realistic and interesting. The main characters are great actors, the special effects are great, and special effects work beautifully.  I like the story, and I love the cast, which is a surprise to many people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very charming little movie. The story of a rich family, with their troubles and financial woes, is told with a minimum of intrusion, and full of adventure. It's the sort of film that, like the great film "Shakespeare in Love", is both an artistic triumph and a social statement. It is the kind of film where one is drawn in on the side of the characters, and the performances of the family members are so vivid and natural, that they are almost all in the movie. It will make you long for the movie, and may even have you laughing hysterically! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies is "Fernandita" ("Fernandious") which I watched in 1993 when my Spanish was very fluent. This movie is the sequel of the well known film "La Teta" ("The Turned-on Turned"), about the relationship between a Spanish girl and a Mexican boy.  The story is about a Spanish American girl (Barbara), who is forced to become a prostitute in order to pay off her father's debts and to have a chance at a career in Spain.  This movie focuses on the lives of three women: two of them (Baranda and Raul) are prostitutes and their lives are very happy and they meet a Mexican girl (Amelda) who seems to be their next door neighbor.  It's an emotional and sad film and I hope you will see this movie soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie from a great cast and a very good director. I have seen this movie about 8 times and the reactions have been great. It's not a "feel-good" movie and I would definitely recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know what people are complaining about, I don´t really get it. I love the music, the songs are good and the acting brilliant. I just love the beautiful, simple story of a girl with a mother and two children that are left to fend for themselves.  The only negative is the fact that the actors are so natural, great performances from all of the actors. It´s a great story, very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a big movie buff but this is a great movie with good acting and great directing. It is not the usual movie with the story lines of two friends who were caught in the middle between a world of gangsters and the law. It could be a great love story between two guys who were just trying to survive in the ghetto. This is a movie you don't hear much about. If you like to watch gangster movies this is not one to miss. I recommend it. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title is a translation of the French word 'Nouvelle' (night night) used to describe a woman's feelings about being alone and having sex with a strange man.  The first scene sets the mood. The man (Floriane Poulain) is in bed with his wife, playing a flute, and the couple are in the middle of their passionate affair. They are having wonderful conversations, and soon there is no question that Poulaine will end up in tears. The beautiful and erotic French countryside is breathtaking.  Floriane is in the mood of a depressed woman, and she is crying and having great pains.    Florian is not able to act any more, and he plays the role of a flustered person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an extremely entertaining movie with tons of laughs. This movie is a great example of a story of life in the streets of Baltimore. I was surprised by the multitude of jokes. The movie is so funny it should not be missed by any Baltimore resident. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Dead Code" is a very interesting story and has some very interesting special effects. This movie is a pretty simple story with good special effects and the Dead Code is very entertaining. The Dead Code, in my opinion, is very underrated. I highly recommend this movie to any fan of sci-fi or horror/comedy and to anyone interested in the strange and unexplained world of the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The best scene in the movie was the one at the beginning, where a very young Frank Morgan gives a heartfelt speech to a very old and dedicated fan base. This was his first public appearance, but he still remains in his home state. He has his eyes on the prize of becoming the first to be elected to the office of the governor. He was not shy about accepting the responsibility of this important position, but after being defeated in the primary election by the Democrat candidate, he decides to run for his seat. This movie tells the story of the life and struggles of Morgan as he struggles to overcome his family's financial troubles, as well as his relationship with his mother and the life expectancy of a person with cancer. Morgan is not a typical Hollywood type, but instead a true story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie about 5 or 6 times, and the first few times I found it very disturbing. It is disturbing, and I found that I was frightened for a few minutes. But then it got beautiful. It was terrifying. The acting brilliant. The beautiful cinematography beautiful. Beautiful, beautifully beautiful. I love the beautiful movie, and all of the people who played in it.  I am not trying to make a comment about this movie. I am trying to show the power of this movie, by showing the real-life horror of an abandoned, haunted house.  The whole movie is scary, and is disturbing. I just want to show that this is a terrifying movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the excellent works of Japanese director Shohei Imamura (the most recent of his two "Shanghai") then you will love this. The plot is simple and very intriguing, and there is little to no music (which is a shame because it was made for a silent film) which adds to the film's impact. However, if you don't like the "Shabu-Kun" of Imamura, you will like the other film, which is a must. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first of all, let me say I am from Israel, and I am not from Tel Aviv. I am a 24-year-old, from Tel-Aviv, and this is my first time to see this magnificent movie.  But I did enjoy the second half, with all the great characters, the wonderful scenery and great music, and the beautiful blue sky. The end of the movie is a very emotional and touching experience. The acting is beautiful, but the story is touching, and you have to see it to believe it. I hope my Hebrew is enough to understand the Hebrew characters, because this movie has a very strong and beautiful story, and that I can enjoy it forever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, this is a short film. It's got good acting, a good plot, and great music. It has a good message and a great production values. The film isn't very long but it's fun to watch and I would recommend it. I have seen it twice and still can't get enough of it. The movie is a funny film, it has some great special effects, and some great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   If you like a romantic comedy, or just want to laugh at people's attempts at acting in it, this movie is for you! The cast is perfect! From the ever popular Julia Stiles to the always popular Jack Black, everyone in the cast does a great job!  I love the way that the film shows the people who are going through a life crisis as a result of a terminal illness. It is so believable and it is a great way to show that even the most normal person can still have a good life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It is an excellent movie that I think should be seen more often. This movie is a very good and interesting movie, it is not a bad movie, nor does it lack action.  The film itself is a lot of action. I have seen it all, and I would like to see more.    I think the ending is very fitting, and that makes it so great. This film is a great story, and the ending in my opinion is not the best part of it.  If you liked this movie, I recommend it to everyone. I give this movie a 7 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very original, very hard-hitting movie with tons of laughs and great performances. It's definitely not for the weak-hearted or easily entertained. It really has a hard-to-follow story line and I would recommend watching it with some popcorn to get the full experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It was a wonderful film, but it could have been much better. I liked the way it showed the relationships of the main characters and how they were affected by the actions of the other characters. The story of a man and his wife and his children were interesting, but they were not told.  It shows how the different lives of the different family members affected them.   This is a touching and sad film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main reason why this is a short is that it doesn't go for much and the end result is wonderful. I enjoyed it and would recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an era of bad television, the quality of entertainment has been reduced to a degree that no longer qualifies as an entertainment. Nowadays, it's all the brilliant creativity of the brilliant television producers. I found myself engrossed by all of the creative and imaginative ideas. My favorite show was "Arrested Development," which actually was not a show. This is the genius of television. The show was genius and entertained me. I'd like to be able to buy a DVD of this brilliant show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the touching story of a small-town girl's determination to overcome life's problems and her family's inability to take care of her needs. This story is the subject of the documentary "Girl, You're In My Soup" which tells the story of Alison, a young, female photographer who falls in love with a man who works at a restaurant and they work together to make a documentary about Alison's struggles.  This film tells the tale of Alison's struggle as Alison is caught between her family and her long-time love for photography. It is a heart-wrenching tale of how a girl's ability to make pictures that she dreams up and believes will bring about change in the world of people.  The music in this film is good and the lyrics are powerful. Alison is the heroine and she has an amazing song in "My Girlfriend's Back." She is a talented songwriter and she is also very talented in her photography. She is truly independent and can go to any place she wants and do anything she wants to do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the first episode, and it was such a treat. I've never been a big Richard Crenna fan since I came across the movie when it was first released. He always had a soft touch on the eyes and was able to bring life to some of the darker characters on the show. However, I still think that the show was good for a young girl to watch. And I think that she had such great fun watching it. So, I'd say that if you can enjoy the show, then you'll probably be disappointed in your view of life and the world, but if you are too mature to understand this show, you'll have to take another look at it and enjoy it. I'd just like to say that I don't know what people are complaining about, I don. They're complaining about the show because they don't understand the concept of a show with an ending. The ending was a surprise. This show was always fun to watch and I think it was a good idea. I do hope that they keep the show on the air because people are getting tired of it, but I love it and would watch again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really rare to find a film that made me feel that I could really sympathize with the characters on such a grand scale. This is especially true for films that feature very little dialogue, and the acting masterfully conveys their feelings in such a believable way. The characters' facial expressions and body language is so natural and natural that the audience feels their emotions are being affected. It is a real tragedy, as far as I am concerned. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the perfect companion piece to the excellent book. I'm a big Ben Stiller fan, so I was really excited when this movie came out.  This movie is a very fun movie with a few laughs in it. The movie is good and there is lots of funny parts, so if you have no brain you will not be able to enjoy this movie. If you like Ben Stillery and have a brain you are going to love this movie and if you don't, I say you don´t have to take my word for it.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so great, and so beautifully directed that I almost fell asleep with joy, and I was so thrilled to see this brilliant cast and director work together again. This movie really should have been released sooner. The beautiful cinematography and beautiful locations really make this movie great, especially the beautiful Fall shots. This was a very emotional experience, and the performances of all the cast were very believable.  I would love to see more of the story of the young woman and her life in the woods. I do not think it is too much to ask. This is a movie about nature, not about man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised and pleased with this wonderful movie. It's a little like "Fiddler on the Roof" in that the audience is a mixture of different characters who are all equally as important, and the characters are all realistic. I had a little fun with the plot, the acting, and I enjoyed the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is my all time favourite film. This is very close to the movie that was released in 1995 and has a similar plot. I've seen it on the big screen and I have also seen it in the cinema. The story is quite good.   There is no need to say much more as it's very short. Very interesting. A must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only drawback I found in the film was that it was shot in daylight, but then again it didn't have that big a cast either, so it had to be perfect.  Overall great film and great cast. Great soundtrack too. Excellent perfect. 8/5. 10 stars! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, one of the masterpieces of all time. If this movie is made in America, it should be made in the same way, by the same people, in the exact same way. It would be the greatest film of all times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies ever. It's not pretentious. It has great acting, great visuals, great action and great music. And the beautiful music is the best part of the movie. I'm going to listen to it and try to understand it all.  My favorite scene is when the girls are singing and dancing in the woods and it's amazing. I didn't understand it at all. It made me feel like I was there.  The story is really interesting. I don't understand the whole story and I don to think about it all that much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a short story that I never knew about, and that I have never seen the movie. The movie itself is short, but the movie is so beautiful that I don't know if it will be shown again on film.  I don´t think so. I think the movie was wonderful. The director´s beautiful camera shots, beautiful sound, great directing, brilliant cinematography, beautiful music, beautiful beautiful acting... beautiful great movie! The ending is beautiful. I donít remember any special, beautiful, beautiful movie in the whole world. The best is the movie that was shown in the movie´s trailer, which is very beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the Venice Film Festival, where it was shown in the main auditorium of the Venice Biennale. It was the first film with a screenplay that was directed by Walter Salles (in fact, the first ever), but it was certainly one of the masterpieces in the last 30 years. In fact, Sall's last film "Cinema Paradis" was about the French countryside in the 30s, and the script was a masterpiece of modern art. The direction was excellent, as was the use of colors, settings, and lightnings, but the film was also very stylized. It has some stunning shots of the countryside and a stunning scene of a huge tower in a harbor with a beautiful sky.   This is a movie that was very good at the time, but is also very good now, as it has aged badly. It's a story of modern life in the most depressing and desperate situation imaginable, and I think it is more true to life than to the Hollywood idea of the "happy ending" to a story. I do believe that there is still hope in the world, and that people are suffering from a serious illness, so the world must look out for them and find them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short story, "The Story of My Dog" is a very original movie. It's a funny, but very sad movie, and a very depressing movie, if you ask me. I'm a human being, and this is my first film, so this may not be my first time seeing this movie, so I would say, well, let's take it and go. It was very interesting to see the characters come to life and come to an end. I was not expecting the actors to be so brilliant, but the great acting, great directing, great settings, great beautiful images, great great great beautiful music, great amazing great great special FX, wonderful great great music. Brilliant great! Brilliant amazing beautiful great great acting. Amazing great music, amazing great settings and great great wonderful special FX. Brilliant special FX in a very realistic setting. Brilliant! Brilliant. Amazing! Brilliant! Wonderful! Beautiful! Brilliant great FX. Perfect! Brilliant, beautiful and touching! Wow! Brilliant FX. Beautiful and touching. Perfect. Brilliant brilliant, perfect and touching... Perfection! Wow beautiful! Wow amazing! Wow wonderful! Wow brilliant! Wow stunning! Brilliant beautiful! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like the first movie and think that it is a very emotional and romantic story and could be seen as a "C" story but it is not. I don't think it is an emotional movie for me, a very romantic movie. It is more emotional for the main characters. The love story has a lot of emotions, some happy, some sad and some just plain bad.  The movie is very good, very good. You have to be kind to watch it.  My rate: 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of those wonderful, yet somewhat unbelievable films that made me feel for the two main characters. It was so great and beautiful, that it was hard to know what to expect from the film. It made me sad to think that such beauty could triumph over such humble man and his love for life, even if one were to say that they should have been together in a real life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm gonna start out with a warning for those of you who haven't seen the movie, you've got to see it. If you do, don't hesitate, you will get an excellent explanation of how great it is, but if you haven't, I'll be happy to explain. The movie is very entertaining and I love it! It's a nice, simple and honest view of a person who is in a life of sex and violence. It's realistic, it's a bit like The Last Picture Show with John Lennon and Paul McCartney, with a bit more of the comedy in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was a lovely film and the acting was great and the movie works wonderfully. I have never seen a movie as beautiful as this. I would love to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this show, but i am still in love with it. It is very romantic, and it is so very sweet, it has a great story. The acting is great, and the plot is great. It will be on for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this film a few times over the years and I still have nightmares about it. It scared me to death and I haven't seen anything like it since. It also scared me a lot of the time, I would think, just out of curiosity, as I was watching it.  The main thing about this film that I will say is the casting. I've always been a big fan of the acting talents of James Coburn and Ben Chaplin, but this film really surprised me, because there were a few very good performances, and most of them were from Ben Chapler, so I can't say they were good.   It also surprised me a little bit, because I don't remember the first time I ever saw this film, so maybe it was my subconscious or something. Maybe I should give it a try again... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love the movie, even though my husband has seen it many times.  We taped it on our late night late-night movie channel. It was a fun movie. I think my 10-year old son enjoyed it.  I can't get over the story, which was very interesting. The movie follows the lives of a couple of high school students in Maryland. They try to survive off the land while fighting off the deer. This was an interesting movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a movie that shows how the real people have a sense of humor. The characters have a diverse personality and are all believable. There is a great scene where the main character has to make a quick decision in the heat of the moment.  The movie is very entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The plot is good, the cinematography brilliant and the performances superb, and the special effect is perfect, especially in the beginning and towards the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that you really don't have to look for, as it is so wonderfully done in every aspect. The plot is engaging and the cast is great, particularly the cast of John Rhys Davies and Alison Hill. The ending is a real surprise as well, as the best thing about the movie I saw was at the beginning. I really loved the idea of a young girl getting killed off by a very strange looking man and his love for her. It was very emotional and not very gruesome. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film adaptation of Shakespeare's Othello was the first that the great American stage director, Edward S. Van Meter, produced. In this film, Sondra Locke plays Othell in a small Italian village, playing the part of the widow, played by the Italian actress, Cristina Cercanza. The Italian countryside is in mourning for the loss of a beautiful Italian woman. A local priest (the Reverend Father Tassi) arrives to aid Othella in her search for her lost husband. Sondranza has to face off a strong local competition in an old-fashioned Italian village.  One of the great stage scenes takes place in the church, in which the grieving widow has a conversation with her sister, played to great effect by Gina Lollobrig. Locke is a great actress in the role, and her role is a little more complex than the one played by Cercanca. This is a good film, and the English translation of the Italian text is available. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's easy to predict an ending from this film. You'll probably get the same or similar conclusion when watching any of the other films of the director.  In this film, the plot is solid and the performances from all the characters are great. The plot is intriguing, it makes you want to know more and more about the characters. It makes you think. It's fun to watch. It seems that the film is great in every aspect.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, let me say that I've never seen this movie, but I wish I had! It's a beautiful story and very powerful in the end. It has all the action and suspense you could ask for. It's really a masterpiece of suspense and romance. The movie is about two love triangles, all of them are in this movie. I just hope it will be the beginning of a trend and not the end of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the second best film of the director of "Cinema Paradis" (1980). The story is not so complex that I am going to give an opinion about it. In the end I think that this is very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces in "Sesame Street" and "A Humble Chorus" is "Mr. Tamblyn" which aired on ABC in the early-to-mid '80's. The film tells the story of the adventures of Mr. T and his friends as they try to make up for lost time by fixing up their own musical, and failing in the end. In the middle of the film, they are visited by a strange, evil character, played by Gene Kelly. The character's name is Tamblin, and he is played by Kelly's frequent collaborator, James "Jimmy Stewart" Barrymore. The story is set on a cruise ship bound for New Orleans, with Tamblins and his buddies on the ship, and all the rest of the passengers, and the ship's crew, and their families, are all boarding to see the world, and are being held hostage by the villain Tamble. The hostage situation is broken out by the group's inability to figure out who Tambles really is and where he is going. The ship is now on the wrong course and Tambly will lose his arm.  In the meantime, Tamblly meets a strange girl named Clara and they plan to marry. The girl is a mute. Tumblin tells her that he needs her to help him. Tumble, as Tamblu, is the girl's guide and the girl takes Tumble to a small island off the coast of Georgia. There, Tumble gets the idea to play the island's dancemaster. Tumbling over his head, Tumblins sings and dances with Clara until he falls in love with her. The two eventually have to choose a different course of their lives.  The "S" is a wonderful film with the same kind of message that "Somewhere In Time" has. The show doesn't delve deeper into the relationship between Tamblys and Clara, but instead focuses on Tamblton's struggles and how he manages to make his life a living Hell. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an early 60's American town, a widower (George Macready) takes a trip to the old friend (Robert Blake) of his deceased brother, a former college professor. Together, they are planning on a trip that would be their first family reunion. While they are hiking, the two get attacked by a mountain lion. Macready, Blake and another friend try to help the injured macaw.  The plot twists are great. One of the best scenes is the ending. This was a great idea to me. In addition to the wonderful soundtrack, it had a great ending. I liked the idea of having a sequel with more great music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie, from beginning to end. The actors are great, but this movie is awesome brilliant and it is fun to watch. The plot is great, the cinematography master brilliant. I can enjoy this movie, but it isn't boring but fun to see. So i give this movie a 7 out of 10, i really enjoyed the first 3 or 4 minutes of the movie. This movie is a masterpiece of a good director. This is great entertainment, i love all movies of this genre. It's not the best movie ever, but I like to recommend it to everyone.   7.8 out of ten 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the first of many that focuses on the story of a real witch, Mary, who goes on a quest to save her brother and learn to accept the life she has lived, not just for herself but to find out that she has lost her magic powers.  Along the way, she meets a mysterious and handsome young man named Ben, who has lost his magic powers and seeks the witch for help, but Mary is determined to help.  The chase begins, Ben has to battle with a swarm of other witches led by Countess Maelle, and her assistant, the Count.  Mary is at her best when she finds Ben and tries to aid him. Ben is at his worst, and Maelles gives her a very powerful magic shield to protect Ben from harm, and Ben is blown away.  But Ben is in danger of losing his magic, so he must choose between going on a search for his magic or returning to Mary's hut.  So what do you do?  Mary has magic powers, so why is she using it?  Ben has magic, but he must fight against witches and their minions, the witch swarm.   You don't get it, Ben is just a normal person, with magic powers he can use to help people, to defeat the witch and save the day.  If Ben finds out how to use magic, he can defeat the witches and save Mary.  And what if Ben wins the day?  Well, that's what Mary is the movie for.  Ben isn't magic, you're magic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very strange film with great cast of German actors. Very nice. It has a very good ending, too. A must be seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this as a child in the late 1970s, but having seen it on TV it's like a great movie. But don't miss it - and don't watch it for the soundtrack, the action, the special effects, it's brilliant! The plot is really original, and you'll see the acting, which includes a fantastic soundtrack, fantastic special effects and brilliant special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the masterful masterpiece. This is a beautiful, romantic, and touching film, that tries to portray the life of a woman who comes to love a man who is the reincarnation of the deceased. A simple story, with great acting. I will never tire of telling the story, and I would never tire. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a pity more than anything that this is a comedy that has been written and produced by the genius Sir John Hughes who also directed the magnificent "Citizen Kane" in 1932. The story is very similar to that of the great American poet Walt Whitman. He was obsessed with the human soul and his poem "On the Roof of the Park" is very disturbing.  This is a very disturbing story, although some parts are a bit too long, I still think it is very scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It is made in 1999 by the director of "The Incredible Strange Film Show," and features a great cast of characters from the early days of the internet to present. The movie is a perfect blend of old and new. I watched it about 4 years ago and it still cracks me up. If you have to ask yourself what is your biggest pet peeve, it is probably this movie.  It is a comedy about a cat with an intellect higher than most people's. It has a pretty good script, and is actually a fun movie to watch when you have nothing else to do. The film is not very very serious, it doesn't take itself too seriously, but is definitely not for the weak-hearted. I give this a 9. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this series of anime, even if it has to be short. I have seen the last episode in this series, and I thought it was pretty good. I would like to see another one.  This is an animation I would watch and enjoy. It contains characters that are not so human. It also has some great special effects.  The animation is well done and I think the characters are well drawn and animated.  I wish they made this again next year! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was an inspiring and uplifting movie, directed by the talented Albert Pyun. It tells the story of two young, impressionable students, who are trying to become writers and find their own voices and their own passion. This is an extremely moving movie, featuring a strong, talented cast and a gripping plot.  The film has a slow paced and realistic approach to the story, and is able to capture a mood and feel that is very typical of many teenagers and to some extent, of the youth population. The film was highly acclaimed when it was first released, and some people found it strange. It is not intended to appeal to the mass population, and it is hoped that it will appeal to a more conservative audience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the wonderful movie. I saw it when it first came out, and I still can't believe how great it was when I caught it again a few months later.  The plot is good, but if you are tired of watching the same movies for the same tired reasons, you won't be very happy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies and I think I can even say that about a bad movie, because that movie is great. And that is very great in the sense that you can enjoy it for the story alone. And in my opinion the best part of it is the great acting and great direction. And the beautiful cinematography is great, especially when you are watching it in a dark forest.   If you want to enjoy this movie you have to remember that it is a horror movie. It has great special effects, it has a very good script, and a good direction. If you like the kind of movies that are made with great special effect, great script and great cinematography, you will like this movie. If the movie is not like those kind of kind of films, it will be a good horror movie, it is very good horror movies with great cinematographic and great special FX. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie and it is amazing. The actors masterfully portray a well written, touching story that portrays the lives of two young lovers, who meet in a night club. It is the story of these two souls in love. It shows how the lives, especially the lives in the club are so important and precious. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was one of my very favorite movies and i can't say that i loved it as much as i loved the first one.  The cast were strong. The story was great and i loved how it took place in real life. I have to recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change, or just watch the movie and have fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an era where the old black family in the middle of the 19th century could be a negative character, the family of Little House of Horrors had something for everyone. It was not the usual family drama, but it was something for the whole family. The story of the children's attempts to become witches and their struggles to learn about their dark powers was very believable and it was a very touching story. The acting was also excellent especially from the children. It wasn't like the typical kids movies that come out today. It reminds me of the classic black family movie from the early 20th century.  The film was also a very good kids film. It is not like a kids movie. It had some of the silliest music I have ever heard in my life. I have seen more adult films, which are more like the kids films that are made today, and they are more about romance, adventure, and character development, but this is still one for kids and parents. If you have any doubts about a bad movie, this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am really glad that the show is still running. It is a wonderful series that just never gets old. If you watch a few episodes you will know that it is a very long running show that I do not want to spoil.  I wish everyone could watch it. I just want to thank everyone for being so awesome. I hope everyone who has ever seen it knows how to watch. It was a great show and I hope I have made the show so that people could relate to and understand what people are like and feel happy.  The show has been on for a couple of years now and I just thought it would be funny if it kept it up.  This is a show that many people in my age will not even know about. The series is not going to be able to last long. It has just come to an end and I have a question to ask myself.  Did I make it through the whole series?  I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love a good story. And I love this movie! This is a story that could be easily told in an afternoon. The only drawback is that it was directed well. And it masterfully captures the feeling of an everyday person who is lost in the jungle.  The pace of this film is fast-paced and it's gripping. The acting is great, the camera brilliantly captures every moment.  Overall, a wonderful film!  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie!  The acting is excellent, the beautiful cinematography masterfully works.The story is beautiful, the portraits perfect.The costumes brilliant,the beautiful and touching.  This movie is also in the tradition of "Kung Fu" but with some new twists.  The special effects are awesome,the camera work great,the effects fantastic, and the special effects perfect.I love this movie, I recommend this movie to any one interested in an incredible film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film at age 9 in a movie theater and I was blown away by the beautiful acting of Diana, the daughter of the famous Italian director, Sergio Martini. I saw the movie again last week on my late night television program and I thought that I would give it another chance. I have seen many great movies and this one stands out. Diana plays the role of the Italian woman that wants to be an actress, she is truly believable in that role. The direction is beautiful and captures the feeling of the movie. The costumes, beautifully crafted, are beautiful. The story of a talented young Italian woman, Diana, who wants to become an actress becomes her own mini-series. I can't remember another movie with Diana playing the lead, it was not that long ago and it is definitely not one that is remembered by many people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A beautiful film, this film had great performances from all concerned, with performances from a great range of characters, including a very old man who was the one that was truly affected by the experience, as well as his family.   The film is a realistic depiction of the life of a parrot in the wild, with the parrots being somewhat bird-curious and somewhat out of the ordinary.  The story has an old fashioned quality that all involved in the film, especially the bird trainer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of the movie is a fascinating insight into the life of a professional diver, who has been diving to some deep, dark and very strange places in the Pacific Ocean. This film follows him through his encounters with the sea life, which he is able to capture in his photographs, but this is not the only film that makes this film great. It is the excellent use of natural and man-made cinematography coupled with excellent use in the dark and murky underwater scenes.  The plot is very exciting, as it is set in the context of the Pacific ocean in search of its secrets. The film is a mix of documentary and fiction, with good use of real footage.  One of the main actors in the film is the famous and celebrated diver and adventurer Sir John Rhys Davies, who took a dive on an expedition to find a deep, black spot in the early 1900's. He took several photographs and returned to his life, having made an interesting documentary on the spot where he took his dive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who likes to read the Bible, I like to read about the people and events that God has dealt with throughout the ages. I was surprised at this film. The story of Moses, the life of the patriarch of the people of Israel, and the history of the nation of Israel and the treatment of the natives and their treatment of non-Israelites was dealt with in great detail.  I was not able to enjoy the story of the life and treatment of these people. The scenes were powerful and I felt it was a testimony of what they endured.  The film does not attempt to be a great documentary, but I think it is a great movie. I highly recommend this film to anyone interested in hearing about what is now known as the American Civil War. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a time of war, when a large part of a country is fighting for its freedom, one person's memory is all too often wiped out, leaving behind a void.   But this is exactly what the movie does. It is a great story, told in a compelling way, with a great cast and good acting.  I found the movie fascinating, because there were so many things that were happening and happening in one day, but it did not try to cover them all. I also found that this movie had the ability to capture the audience, and I found myself disliking certain actors throughout the movie.  The only flaw I found in the movie was the use of a music video for the main theme song, "The Red Sea," which was a good choice for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only reason why I gave this movie such perfect 10 stars is because of it's brilliant performance by Jude Law. A masterful performance from a man who has played so many different characters over his long career. The story is a mystery. The acting is masterful. The performances by the three main characters are stunning. The best performances were by Bernard Sheffer, the Director, and Jude Law himself. The beautiful Fall shots are great, especially from the cinematography. The haunting Fall shots were magnificent, but there is still a sense of sadness and sadness throughout the whole film. The ending was powerful.  The story may not be what you expected from a movie that was made in 1972. However, the ending will not leave you disappointed. It is not a happy ending. It's a surprising, beautiful ending. I will watch this film again and again and I hope to be able to watch more of this wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was so masterfully crafted and brilliantly directed, that I'm surprised that this was one of the masterpieces of that period.  If you've ever seen "The Cat and the Canary", you will know how the story was set up: there is a cat and a Canary. The cat is a companion of the Canary (the one with the red eye eyes) and they go on a journey that will change their lives forever.  The story follows a cat, a bird, a dove, a mouse and a cat's journey in this natural world, which is populated by various types of animals (the birds, the foxes, the mice, the rabbits, the reptiles, etc). They are all living together in fear of the unknown and have to learn to co-exist.  There are many surprises along the way, but the film is actually quite suspenseful, with many surprises and some surprises, and very good suspense.  I also like the scenes set in the jungle. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very emotional movie, so I'm not going to comment much on the story, it has a lot to do with the actors, I have seen the movie and have seen it many times, and can tell you the feeling of loss, especially when a person is involved in serious illness. I have also lost my father to a terminal illness and it haunts me to this day.  The acting is great, with great performances by each of the cast and a great acting for all the actors. The direction is beautifully beautiful and well-made. I also enjoy the music, although it is by none of the artists listed in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the wonderful little movie that was made for the festival of this year. It is a little like watching a classic, but there are some great moments in this movie and I have seen all of them so far.  I liked the ending, which seemed very forced and artificial. It could be better, but I guess great creative.  It is funny, and I found myself laughing at the end because it made me so mad. I wish i could give the movie a 10.8 rating, but i am glad i watched it because it is a very great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first film was one of the masterpieces from Lucian Pintilie who made it, a magnificent piece of work with an exciting climax. The sequel to the above mentioned masterpiece was the most rewarding and interesting one of all. The film's plot is one of many things that Pintlie never did, with his films more often focused on great photography, dramatic and emotional scenes, rather than simply great acting and great cinematography. In this film Pintlie proves again that he's one of those "no-brainer" directors who can create great art in a very simple story, and in this case he masterfully manages to do so. In fact, one of his masterpieces is the film's emotional climax, but he proves again his ability to create great cinematographic works in very simple stories. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of this film is interesting, although there are some scenes that look very silly and amateurish. The camera is beautifully shot, the colours beautiful, the settings perfect. The characters are well developed, with some great performances. The acting is great and the great cinematography brilliant.  The ending is touching and the ending is surprising, which is a rare thing. It is quite good. The ending gives you the feeling that everything has been so wonderful, wonderful, brilliant, beautiful. The final scene in the movie is stunning, which made me feel like i had a wonderful experience with this film. It was amazing how well this movie portrays love in all its shapes and forms. It surprised me that so many people hated this movie so much, because I've seen some movies with the same plot, the same story and the same characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Bubba Ho-Tep" is an entertaining, but slow paced film with an abundance of great humor and a great sense of fun. The pace is slow and there are many moments of great slapstick humor, the pace is brisk and the pace works well with the plot.  "Wipeout" is another movie that is slow paced, laughs a lot, and has very few laughs. It's very similar to "Babylon 5", and the two have very similar dialog and plots.  One funny scene is about how a man (Wipe) gets an idea and starts to play the role of a very dumb person. He is given an assignment by his friend's (Dillon) professor (Rochester) to find the person who has the biggest laugh in the entire class. This is where he meets a girl (Babson) and they start talking about their dreams. Together they discuss the different dreams they have, and they both realize that the one they have about the same day is different from the one their dreams were. They also realize that they have the same dreams.  The movie is very entertaining, it has a good sense of humor, and it has some very goofy moments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the beautiful story of two very brave young people who, having had an unhappy childhood, decide to do something about it in the way that only two people in their childhoods, their parents, could achieve: become actors. It's a slow, methodical, beautifully written, and touching story of the lives of two children, their family, their friends, their teachers, and their relatives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a comedy, but the way it is filmed makes it all the more real. It is a good thing for the film, because it is a movie that has a plot, and that plot is unique and not just copied from other films, and not at all typical of the many many movies that have been made.  I enjoyed this movie, but if you liked it, it was great. I hope that I have enough courage to watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Black Cat" is an interesting and atmospheric black and white sci-fi film. I love all the futuristic and futuristic scenes and this one especially.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie very much. I saw it at the Toronto International Film Festival in November 2006 and I was astonished by it. I was so amazed by the story that it did not try to hide it with a spoiler warning. In fact I would not recommend this film to anyone who is interested in the story. The story has many different perspectives and takes place in a rural setting in Canada. I would suggest people interested in a story that does not try and hide the plot would enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like a good story. But a good one, the one that really took me by surprise was that of the young man's life and his dreams. His dreams started very well, but his actions in the real world that could have changed the course of his life and destiny. In the end, he has something to say, I believe, but he doesn't talk about it, he reveals his dreams and then he tells his dreams to the world.  I think this is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not going to give any of the details of this movie, since I want to keep this short. The movie is excellent, and it is fun to watch.  This movie is so funny, and so much fun, that you may not even recognize it. But if you look at it closely, you will see the many funny things that the actors are saying. I give this movie a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed the story of this movie. It had a great ending and good ending and the movie really kept moving along at a nice pace. It was pretty intense at times. I would recommend this movie to anyone wanting a story of their own. It is a very emotional and beautiful movie with good acting and good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the funniest movie I have ever seen. It contains jokes from the first one, plus from the sequel and a very original one. If you liked the first, you will probably not like this movie as much as the first. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a big fan of the original story, I have been trying to get this movie for ages, and finally found a copy in the USA. The cast are brilliant, the story brilliantly acted and the music beautifully chosen. I think that this is a great film and I hope that more people will find it and enjoy it.   I do wish to mention that the story and the cast are not all the original, the whole cast are simply great. The story is a little slow, I would like to see the whole movie again, and I think the soundtrack could of been a little longer.  Overall, an amazing great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am an actor, but I was not surprised by the movie. The acting brilliant and wonderfully crafted, it is a real tribute to the real person, who had so much life and so many beautiful things to do with such a wonderful story.  The best performances were from the actors. The best scenes were from Ms. Lohan's scenes. The scene with the car crash was memorable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A great film to rent for the holidays. This film features a good cast of unknowns with standout performance by Jennifer Connelly and David Duchovney.  A fun fantasy-flick flick that is set in the future, the future is a time when mankind is living on another planet and the whole human race has become a sort of parasite on the earth.  The plot is a little hard to follow, although the final act of the movie is a bit confusing and I don't know if it will make the movie any better than the movie it was made for.  I recommend this film to anyone.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a big fan of the series and this show is like a modern update of "A Nightmare on Elm Street".  The story line in this is a very real update of the original "The Nightmare on South Street" (the story line was not the original story at all, it was a new story) but the show was actually better in the original, but still not as good as the other shows.  This was a brilliant show and I'm glad I watched it because I can watch the other two shows and this one will not make the same good shows. The new story line is a lot like the other.  The actors are good, there is a little cheesy music (if I liked it, I would think it was like "The Island of Dr. Moreau" or something) and the show is a great show!  Overall I enjoyed this show very much, I hope it will keep getting good!  7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of the film is very simple and touching, and I was very surprised when the movie came out in 1990. I am a fan of all the films of Mr. Antonioni, and the "La Pianiste" is not the typical Antonionist masterpiece. It was a very emotional movie, with great acting.  The main story, the one that I liked the most, was about a woman who is attracted to a young, simple and charming man. But in order to get to him, she has to keep a secret from her husband that she has been engaged to a doctor who is also engaged to another woman. The doctor, a man who lives alone in a flat with a big garden, is a doctor of medicine who also lives alone.  But the main plot is the doctor's desire to be married and have a child. He decides to take a trip to Italy to have a baby, so he leaves his wife behind in the country and goes on a journey with his family to get there. And on the way he stops in a small town, a beautiful woman comes and invites him to come to the country for the child.  It's surprising that the doctor would choose a woman with such an unhappy and unhappy husband, as well as to go alone with such a big and empty garden. But it's a big surprise. The story is not very emotional, it doesn't have many surprises, and yet it is very well developed.  And that's the main reason I gave the film a 9. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only drawback is that if you liked "Maniac" you'll love "The Maniac."  I would certainly recommend "The Maniac." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent story. The director shows how the ancient Celts of Britain dealt with the evil Celts, a time when there were no rules, not even kings. The story is set in the time of the great Celts invasion of Britain.  The story begins with the introduction of a group of rebels led by a King. The rebels want to take the traditional path of kings, and to the aid of the king, he must choose between his people or the army.    This movie is full of action and suspense, and is full og the beautiful music from the movie "The Young Man of Rochefort". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this film and it was brilliant and I loved it. It made me laugh and I hope it makes more people laugh. The characters were diverse and interesting. The movie was beautifully directed, beautifully acted and brilliantly directed. I hope this film gets more attention. I love Rain Man and love the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that shows the true grit and determination of the people of America. I was very impressed by the film. I did not feel that it was so serious about the people as it was about the struggle of one family. It did not bash people over the head with its message that it is OK to kill your own mother in the cold blood. It showed the heart of the matter that we are all human beings and we are not going to let others dictate our feelings. It shows the family that we have and cherish. It was not a soft soap movie but rather a very powerful and powerful movie that people can either watch over and over again or have no idea about.  I am glad to see that people were not able to get their hands on this movie before it was released. I thought that the director did a wonderful job as he took on the challenge of making something meaningful. I have not seen the movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this film as a child when it came out, I was so amazed I never saw it again, and I haven't seen it again since. I had never seen the movie since, and would love to see it again. The only thing I liked about this movie was that it showed the relationship between the parents and daughter. I liked that it didn't show her daughter being a boy, which would have been very sad if it showed her as a girl. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is based on a real story that is similar to that of the real world situation. It is not meant to be like a Hollywood movie, and there is nothing Hollywood like about it.  The plot has been somewhat different from the movie, but it still has the same kind of feeling. The actors are great, and the cinematography master brilliant. The music is great, the cinematographic beautiful, and this beautiful cinematographer brilliant. This is a masterpiece that deserves to be seen.  7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was amazed to see the similarities between the stories in "The Little Mermaid" and "Hunchback of Notre Dame" but I was not surprised. They are two very different stories about the same young woman, who has lived her whole life in an aquatic village and has come back to the village as a teenager to look for her missing sister, who was the first to be born there. Her brother and the other villagers were astonished as she did not seem to like them or anyone else but she had no problem with the villagers. She did not even take the time to look at the village, nor did she even speak to any of the villagers except the ones that knew her. Her eyes were so enchanting, so beautiful, that I had to see her again.  The only difference is that "Happily Ever After" is a much better story, and has a much more complicated ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very pleased with the way the film was presented, it really captured some emotions I didn't feel before, it made me realise how much we all feel about certain situations.   I think it has a great impact on people, and it is an emotion not a thriller, the film isn't about an event, it isn't a story.  This is a film about a real person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of the film was the first ever appearance of the character of Dr.Suess in a feature length film. I am a huge fan of the great Dr. Suess and this was a perfect choice for the part. He was very good and his performance in this movie was great masterfully crafted and wonderfully beautiful. The ending of the movie blew me away. I loved it and would recommend this movie to anyone. I give this movie a 10/10 brilliant performance. If you haven't seen it, you will probably be surprised when you see it. It will be available at midnight next week! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Mother" is a wonderfully surreal and heart-warming story. The film follows a mother who is on her last chance at happiness and redemption, and her journey to the top of the hill, as she struggles to come to terms with her mother's death.  The Mother, played by M.C. Gainey, plays a widow who comes to a small village in search of her missing daughter. With her dying mother's will, she tries to come clean, and the village's priest has doubts about the validity of the mother's intentions.   The mother and priest's doubts are complicated, and there's a long flashback showing their interactions before the mother realizes the error of her ways.  "Krimi's performance is a little wooden, with her bodyguard (S.S. Chakiris) being the perfect complement to the mother," says Gert de Graaff. "Her performance is so powerful that she seems to be both mother and daughter simultaneously, and it's the mother who seems most at ease with this situation, and she seems less fearful of the daughter's mother, and more fearful of herself than the daughter who is now living in a completely different world." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the best story in the history of cinema, and is the first feature film to showcase a multi racial cast. I wonder how many more films of this caliber will come up in the next ten years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love watching all kinds of movies, not just horror, but comedy, but the acting is superb and beautifully done. The movie is also a great deal of great humor. It starts off with a great scene, where a boy asks a girl to dance, which she accepts, and then they go to a dance studio to get some music together, which is the first time they actually talk. You are also treated to a very good story, but there is still no sex. The music is good, and there is a great music scene at the end. The scene with the boy dancing with the girl is hilarious.  I would like to see this movie again, as it is one of the best movies ever made. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, John Lennon's "Come Together" is a true story of life, friendship and tragedy. In the beginning, it is a sweet and loving story between two people, a mother and her daughter. One day, the mother dies. The daughter comes back to the mother and the mother comforts her. Then, the daughter is killed. The mother's grief and grief are so deep, that she does not know what to do. John, who is the older brother, comes back and they are in a deep depression.  This is a very sad film. I would recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just caught this movie on cable and I loved it. I liked the way the story was developed and the way it kept moving. I just love the concept of this movie. It's very emotional and very real to the characters and that's why i have to keep saying that i'm not going to watch it again, because it's just such great movie. If you want to watch a great movie, watch this one! I recommend it to everyone! I just hope everyone gets to see this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was made in 1947 and I was 10 years old when it came out. I saw the film in 1952 and was 14 when it was released. I thought the story was interesting and I also thought that it was unusual. The only person who made me feel this way about the film was my mother. She said to me, "They are not the kind of girls that they are, but they are women who are like children." I don't think she believed me, but I do know that she was very confused by it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the final part of this wonderful film, the story line goes off the deep end and into the heart of the matter, as the old saying goes: The Man In The Mirror is an Epic.  This was made into a truly beautiful movie with stunning cinematography and stunning photography.  If you liked the movie, the acting was masterfully done and the special effect was amazing.  The story line is strong, but it was the most touching and heart warming movie of my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great cast for this film is very good and the script is creative and very interesting. The movie is very funny, has good story and good music. The great part of the movie is that the actors do a great job also. I have seen some funny movies and this one is very cool.  I will rate this movie 7/5. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had never seen a film by Richard Attenborough before, so I was very excited to see this one. I had heard of it, but I never had seen a single movie by him! And so I decided to go and see it, because I was so amazed! I have to say that I was great. Richard was brilliant, and I loved his way of doing some great, interesting, and complex plots. It was really great! I was amazed how he made a film such masterfully beautiful and realistic, which was so beautifully done. It had a great concept, great direction, great performances, great acting, great cinematography. It really makes me think that he really made it beautifully and intricately, and that it was great to see all this beauty in one beautiful movie! This was the very first movie in which I've seen Attenboro, and it was a great step in his career. It's very emotional, it's very serious, and a great emotional experience. I've never seen him in anything else. This is the best movie I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very beautiful film. The acting is great and so is the wonderful music. The beautiful setting and beautiful landscapes makes this a real beauty. The cinematography masterpieces make this a great film. It is full of stunning beauty and some beautiful moments. The plot is beautiful and full of great adventure. A great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am always amazed when I see reviews on IMDb. I have to say, I really enjoyed this film. I am no film critic. I just enjoy the amazing aspect of films. And I especially liked the acting, especially the young cast. I had heard good things about this film, but this was great entertainment.  I found the entire film beautifully paced, beautifully photographed, beautifully directed, beautifully lit, and beautiful. This is a masterpiece of the director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best short story about the history of the New World Order and the various wars and crises that were generated by this new world order. The movie is based on the actual experiences of the U.S. government during the last half century of war and the World Trade Center attacks. The viewer is taken to the real life events surrounding the war and a special effects scene at the WTC attack. The film is full of real people, real life reactions, real people making decisions, and real life issues being dealt with in real time. The real world events are often treated in a pseudo-scientific manner. However, this film shows us what real life was like during the WTC attacks and after the attacks. I would recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've read a lot of reviews and they are so right. I haven't seen anything like it and I've been searching for weeks for it on IMDb.  This is a very interesting movie and the acting is good especially from the 2 main actors.   It's very emotional, and it's very realistic. It has some beautiful scenery, it has some great action scenes, and very good drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the music in this movie, but the plot is very good, and there are some good acting performances. I especially like the little cameo role played by the great actor from the 50's and 60's. I also enjoy the music that has been recorded by great artists of the 40's and 50's.   I also love the way that this movie is set up, and how all the other characters are drawn. It makes for a great movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, if you are an actual movie buff, like me, you'll find this movie hilarious, if not a little trite, but a very enjoyable one. It is reminiscent of The A-Team, and of course many other TV series, but it is nothing that I've seen before, and it doesn't take away from the movie, it takes some of the ideas from that series, and adds a few more twists and turns.  I give this movie a 9/10, but I don't know if that's a high rating for this movie, because I didn't know how good the movie was going to be, but if you like movies that are good, watch The A-.Team, because it is a fun one.  8/5 stars! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm gonna go with this comment and I'm just amazed by this brilliant and amazing film. A masterpiece of art. The performances are wonderful, stunning, beautiful. The plot is fascinating, beautiful and moving. The acting is great, and the cinematography masterfully captures the mood of the film. The direction is masterful, beautiful, moving and great. It is not a masterpiece, it is a masterful masterpiece. I am surprised by this film. 10/10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm from Australia, I don't know why I liked this movie. It is an emotional and beautiful story of friendship, and at the end of the day it is a very touching and heartbreaking story. I've seen the movie a few times, and even though I'm not as big a fan as some people here, it still am not something I could pass up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love watching the movie with my friends, I like the acting, the directing and the visual effect of the movie. I like all the actors and the story the best.  I also like the idea of the story. It is a great story and it is a very emotional one.  All in all, a great movie!!   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title of this film is a reference to the story of how the inhabitants of the small Japanese village of Ota were caught up in the global war and the subsequent famine. The film's main theme is how the people of Oton had survived and had been forced to live in fear of being attacked by the Japanese. A film such as this is not simply an anti war, anti American sentiment, anti Japanese sentiment, but also the struggle of the farmers who had lost their land. They had to live by eating grass and walking around in a muddy path. This is shown in a number of scenes throughout the film. The viewer feels like these people are in the middle of a very real time nightmare. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for anyone. If you don't see this you are missing the great acting and great film. It is a great movie for the many and a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is based on the actual life of Charles Boyer, a man of about 50 years who has seen his share of success, and who lives his days in a modest apartment. When his youngest child, his only child, leaves him, he begins to look for a child who will share his life with. This child, a child of his own, lives with him, and they have their ups and downs.  Charles is the best-case scenario for a film. If you look at his career in sports and the acting he has done with his life, then you will realize the great depth of his life. If I am a student of sports movies, and I have never seen any movie that includes this wonderful film, I would love to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film for anyone who loves a good story, and likes to watch something that has a message.  This is a film about people who are in need of help, who are on the street, and who just do not know the way things are.  I saw this film in 1988, at the World Trade Center, and the images of the people there still haunts me to this day.  If anyone ever needs to see this film, please call 1-800-HELP-NOW. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is a romantic, if slightly silly and predictable. I've seen this movie so many times and it still surprises me. It's about a woman who gets a phone call and it goes unanswered. A few minutes later, she returns home, gets in touch with her long lost husband, has great flashbacks and starts to cry. Her new in-laws live in the old neighborhood and begin to make a nuisance of themselves. I loved that part of it. I never got the sense that it was such a sad story at all. This is the movie where the old people make us all nostalgic for the holidays. It reminded me of Christmas past, which was filled with memories of being a kid. This movie made me feel like Christmas is a place where we can all get together, put on a song and dance, have a good time and find something to eat or take away with our families. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of the movie was so enchanting and moving that I almost walked out, and I was glad I did. I never saw the end of the story, so I was very happy. The best part was the beginning, where the entire family gathered and danced to the music of Nina Foch, who is one of the world's most talented and popular singers. I really liked her song.  I have to say that I was shocked to see the beautiful scenery of this magnificent country and how much I actually felt for the people there. I thought it was very beautiful and I recommend you go to see this wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It was not very hard to find a copy. I don't understand why this movie has received so much criticism. I found this movie great on many levels, it is a very well-made movie, a great character portrayal of the various aspects of the life of a single parent with no other children. I really enjoyed the scenes with the kids. It reminded me of those movies my parents used to make for my birthday. The music was great and so was the movie. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic, if not a tragedy, movie, but not a movie that makes you angry or hurt the feelings of the characters. It is a movie about the relationship between a loving couple who want to go back to being in their home country. I saw this movie at a screening of the movie. I don't know how to describe this movie as "romantic" or "hurt the feelings" of the two main characters. However, the movie is full of surprises and surprises. It will not make you sad for long, but I hope that you can understand and appreciate the pain of these characters. I am curious about the future of the story, but will wait to see what the next movie may bring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short story with a nice romantic ending. It is an old fashioned romance. It has been around for ages.   I like it. It had not been edited very well. The story was good and the cinematography beautifully captured the feeling of isolation of the two lovers.  This was a fine example of the film industry at its best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the movie that i have seen in the last few months. The movie was a great surprise. I enjoyed the plot, especially the beginning and the characters, but I think the movie will be better in the next movie, but i like the way the movie is developed and the ending was great.   My rating: 7/5 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title, "The Great Race" is a misused phrase to describe the events of the 1960's.  The film opens in the small community of Beaver Creek, Pennsylvania. The community is struggling with the problems of the times and has decided to make a "Great Race" by running the race against all odds.  As the film progresses we see more and more of the "Great" and this is due to the community's own actions.  In the climax we see a great scene with the community and a group of people running toward a tree with a great view of the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had the wonderful pleasure to see this in my hometown's early evening movie fest. It's not bad, but I was impressed with the way the story develops, the beautiful scenery, and the excellent acting performances. I am looking for my next favorite movie of all time, and I would recommend this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young boy who makes his dream come true is not a cliché, and there's something different in this movie that no one else has ever seen before.  The film opens with a simple dream sequence. It's a dream that he has. It could be a nightmare or a dream. The movie follows his life as a young man in the dream world and it's incredible how much he manages to remember and how much has changed since the last time he was awake.   The movie has the usual story of the boy waking up in the world of a dream, only to realize that it's a real nightmare. It may be the best film ever, but I'm glad it didn't try to capture the essence of the movie, which could have been the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I had the pleasure of seeing this movie again recently and have never forgotten it. It was the first time I saw a movie with the kind of great acting, great story and great cinematography of the great film of all time, this one. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes movies that don't take themselves too seriously and like movies that make the viewer feel like they are intelligent enough to know what they are seeing and to have the power to influence their own opinion. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tigerland" is a great film to see if you don't take your film seriously. It has a very high standard to live up to, a concept that never allows for the kind of cinematic art that a director of "Titanic" could deliver. It's a real feel good story, which works well with the characters, and the viewer is able to understand their plight and come to sympathize with them.  The acting is good, and although the script is not flawless, it works well enough that it becomes the best that it could be. The cast is very diverse, and there are many surprises in the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a romantic anime about a boy and his new dream - a world where he alone can be the king. When he meets a mysterious girl he has no memory of and asks for help, she informs him that she must get inside his dreams to help him get his true feelings of his world.  The boy goes to the girl's dream world to free her from her nightmare and he is caught in a nightmare as she has nightmares of falling in love with a girl he sees every day.  This is the first time the boy gets to see a real nightmare, which makes him realize what the girl is dreaming.   I love the movie and I'm very happy about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great. It has great cinematography, great music, great special effects, great story. It is a great movie! The cinematography is great, and the music is great! The best song is "The Flame". The best movie ever. I liked this movie very much, very much. I like all the music from this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I'd like to thank all the previous posters for helping me to appreciate this film and understand it.  It is not an action film with a big action (though it has a lot of action). It is a realistic and interesting film that explores the lives of two families living in two different parts of the world and how their lives are affected by the global economic situation. It is also a social commentary on the impact of war, famine, etc on the people and the animals.  The acting is good, the script is beautiful, and I personally find the whole film touching and poignant. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when it was first released. It was very, very interesting, and very creepy. It's the scariest horror movie ever made, with a truly creepy soundtrack.  It is very disturbing. The characters are realistic and scary, and I personally found that I couldn't sleep through this movie.  I have only seen this movie twice, and my experience is completely different to what the movie delivers.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very beautiful, suspenseful and suspenseful film. The script is full of suspense, suspense, thrill, surprises and surprises.The acting is great especially from the 4-yr-old Jaden, the beautiful and talented Zoe, the young Tia, and the very sweet and innocent Charlie.The direction is great and it works very well for all ages and I have to say that I really enjoy the scenery, especially the rainforest and the river and the mountains.The beautiful music is wonderful,the beautiful cinematography, amazing landscapes, and a great plot.  10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was beautiful and full of adventure. The story is very real, and it was very believable. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen this movie as an offer from a friend and had never forgotten it since. The first half was a great fantasy setting and the movie really worked in that regard. The story was interesting, especially the ending, but the characters were interesting and I felt that I could get a better feel for them all if I concentrated more on the main characters and not the supporting cast.  I am glad that it didn't seem to get as good as it could have and that I am so old. It was a nice fantasy and I hope that they made it bigger. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces of the 20th century.  The film's opening sequence sets the scene in a château, with the house's long, luxurious staircase and the large garden outside, as it was then: the inhabitants of a house in a village, the family's garden, the village church, the house and the garden.  But then, a beautiful woman appears and starts singing a hymn in the garden, followed by the voices of several persons: the woman, her daughter, the husband, the gardener, the servant, the maid, the mother-in-law and finally, the young lady who appears in the scene.   This film is one of the few that is set in a church, which may be the reason it is so moving. It's also the only film that has a religious theme. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very cool, and the acting is superb, but the movie is entertaining. The main story is about a detective who has to solve a murder. A mysterious letter in his mailbox has a lot of clues. His investigation is successful, and he meets the girl in the cemetery. She tells him that she had a great life, and she has seen everything from her deathbed. She says she saw everything from the letter, and nothing happened to her except for the death of the main character.  This movie is a must-see for anyone. The acting is masterful, and everyone is great. The plot is great, and great suspense and great mystery are the best that I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a great one to see - it was a very interesting movie and the main reason for it is that there was a good script. The great acting of the leads, especially from the girl in the beginning and the two main characters made the movie great. The movie is very funny, and I enjoyed the jokes, especially the ones from the two young lovers, and the plot of the movie was good, and it wasn't cheesy, like many Hollywood movies. The plot is very good, the story is original, and this movie is not for the casual movie-goer, which is why I think this movie may not be watched very often. I think it will keep you wondering about the movie and will make you feel like you have watched it all yourself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original show had a decent plot with a few original characters, and was pretty good, I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised by the movie, which was actually quite good.  The movie has great acting and great character development, which makes the show all the more enjoyable to watch.  I think that the first episode alone was worth the watch, the next series wasn't as good, and then it was great again!  I would recommend this show to any fan of the TV show, or any fan who likes the first show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a young camper and my parents got me the great "Halloween" films when I was 5 years old. The first one I saw was The Pumpkin Patch and I thought that was scary. It was scary in the sense of being able to see how a movie can be scary, and scary in terms of how a scary movie can scare the heck out of you, but this is a scary film. The best part of this movie is the great acting and great directing. I have seen all the Pumpkin Patch films and this is the best. This movie has a good story and great music. The special effects are amazing. I loved the "spook house" in this movie. I am hoping to get a copy of this great movie. My rating was only 2/5, and I would like to add another rating if I could. I give this movie an excellent rating and I hope to have more children to watch it with them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was just my first time seeing the story and it is something I am not going to spoil it for you. It had a great script and great directing. I really enjoyed this movie and it was a great plot and it worked well for me.  Overall I think this is a good film and it could take you a lot of different paths. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great episode. It's probably not the greatest film of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was always very interested in seeing this film when it first came out in 1981, but after seeing this amazing film, it became my second favorite. I was so amazed, that there were still movies coming up. This is one of them.  I went into this movie with a few questions in mind. How can you have a story that is so masterfully developed, that it works beautifully, and is still amazing when viewed from a distance? How can it be so beautiful, yet still so realistic? This film is one that I could watch over and over again without losing my heart. I will keep my eyes to the screen, and will not be disappointed by this wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was my second time seeing this movie. It was more entertaining and creative than my first time. It seemed like a wonderful film. It's about a high school senior, her dream to become a professional dancer. When she realizes her dreams, she's ready to go out with her dancing instructor.  This is a movie that was fun, enjoyable, and creative. The movie is cute, not boring. It makes you realize how important life can be. I've seen tons of movies that were more enjoyable than this.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The plot of the movie is as beautiful as the story of a man who meets a beautiful woman and falls in love with her.  This movie is an original story and is very touching.  I've been reading about this movie for almost twenty years and I've finally seen it.  If you have the chance to see this movie, I'd suggest you don't take the story too seriously.  It's a little hard to take the movie that seriously. If you don, try to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, the title says it all in one: THE BIG NIGHT RUN. I love that. I can't wait to see it. It's one of those great, great, romantic, and very unexpected movies.  If you can enjoy the romance of the road, you will love the movie. The road and the woods are the place where love starts. The story has a very natural feel to it and the acting is wonderful beautiful. The music is great. It is a natural touch.  I think this movie is great and I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. The acting is great especially from the two main characters. The film is great. I liked the acting and the plot was good and creative. All in all, great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the 2002 Sydney Gay and Mardi Gras Film Festival. It had great reviews and I felt compelled to add my own to it. This film is a great tribute to all the artists that came before me, and to all those that were at the time. The film opens with the story of two women, both of which were deceased, and their reunion. They reminisce of their days as women who were in the 40's. They all remember the time of their birth and the time when they were together.  They meet again in a church, but are unaware that their lives have taken such different paths. One is a woman who has lived her entire life with her partner, who was deceased when she died. She has lived it in a loving relationship, and the two women are unaware of the past. The other is a young woman who is unaware that her life has taken an unexpected turn, and that her world is changing. She is a little scared and sad to see what life has in store for her.  The movie follows the two characters in their separate lives, as their lives change and their experiences intertwine in a beautiful way. I wish I could continue to watch this film over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been a fan of the "Man in the Mirror" series but this was one of the great films. The main character, the man in the mirror, was killed by the villain in the first movie and the plot line is pretty good.  The last movie in this series was a great idea and was interesting and I found it very entertaining. This movie is the second in this trilogy.  All in all, a great film. 7.5/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been almost 20 years since I last saw it when it was first released (although I knew it was not a very good film then). I still find it a rather silly and romantic tale about the friendship of two high school friends. The story is, although very different from what I have remembered of the film, very similar to "The Great Santini" in terms of its ending, the characters, and the characters of the lead pair in the film. It is a very silly film, not that I am particularly fond of romantic films, but I don't find it difficult to tell stories about ordinary people who are interested in romantic relations or who are having serious problems. I have not seen this film since it was released, so I don't know how it was, and it is a shame that it didn'¡t have a DVD release at the time of its release. I'm still trying to track it down, but it is probably a bad film that was underrated when it came out and just got more exposure than usual. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main theme of this film is that it is about a man whose life has been taken over by disease, and as he struggles to come to terms with his illness, he has to watch over the life of another man.  This film explores the relationships between the main character and the main couple who has to overcome their illness.  As the film progresses, you are introduced to different people, and each has their own problems and problems, and the film doesn't go back to the same old person, it only goes to show that it's a different person, and not the same person as before.  The ending makes you feel that this is a real person, the person you really want to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was surprised, and I would like to comment on some of the things I didn't know about this film. It is really a beautiful, romantic and shocking movie with a very dark and shocking plot. The only thing I would change about this movie is the ending, it was beautiful and sad, but that is all. I can't wait to see it again! I would recommend this movie to any one! I have seen it on several occasions, so I know that this is probably one of my favorites.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well made documentary, with a very good and original documentary style. It is so beautifully filmed, that you can tell the story, as it would be, from the animals point of view. You will notice the various problems and inconveniences which the animals experience, as well as the general indifference and abuse.  This documentary is an extremely good film, with plenty of animal abuse footage. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember seeing this movie when it first came out. I loved it! I was amazed how could it ever be released. Well, here we are now. I was surprised again by the stunning acting and brilliant directing. I just loved it, and I'm glad I did. I'm a huge fan of all Bollywood films, and this movie was a definite masterpiece. This movie has the best dialogue I've ever heard in my life, and that is why I could not understand it all the time. I think this movie is so masterfully done and masterfully crafted that I'm surprised it was not released more to my delight. It is great entertainment.  I wish I could recommend this movie to anyone. It has good action scenes and great special effects, but it is not an everyday movie. It should be released more widely. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie. Not as cheesy as I've heard about in other films, it's realistic and it's filled with good humor. I've seen a lot of films by this director, and this is his best.  The story is good, the actors are great, and the story is beautiful. This is a great movie, I think. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Suspicious Minds" is a wonderful mix of humour, suspense, romance, and romance. It's got a very good plot and characters, and it has good performances by Richard Dix, John Heard, Paul Lynde, and some very nice actors. The music is pleasant, but there is a good score by Paul Van Meter that is a shame because this is one of his best performances. The only flaw I could find in this movie is that it is not as visually beautiful as some of his other works, but still, not the greatest movie ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to go back and rewatch the wonderful movie. I still have nightmares about the nightmarish images, and the dark and ethereal atmosphere of this film. I've seen all the movies in the history of the cinema, and this is the best.  The actors in this film are great. They do an amazing job with their beautiful performances, the story is interesting, and I love the fact that the movie is not all about the famous artist, and not all that famous at that. I believe that there is still hope for humanity, and maybe the film can still be an influence to those that have been victims of tragedy.  I can only hope that this film had helped someone in their dark and lonely places. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It is not a masterpiece. It is an enchanting masterpiece that is unique and original.  The film opens with a magnificent opening sequence. A magnificent array of colors, shapes and abstract images. The magnificent music accompanying the opening scenes are accompanied by haunting melodies and haunting images.  There are many breathtaking scenes throughout the movie. This is one of those scenes.   This film was directed by Robert F. Wagner.  Wagner had a magnificent career as a filmmaker. He made some great films.  One such film is THE TEMPLE.  He made the beautiful TEMPHY, one of his films. It was directed in 1913. It had music, but it was made for a very different time.  I do not want to spoil this film, because it is not about TEMphys or TEMCH, but the story is a fascinating one.  But I would say that the film does not fall short of the challenge. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is set in the year 1895. The main characters are a group of four young girls in their first year of life. They live in a big house and enjoy their family's comfortable life and are unaware that their parents have been murdered. The film opens with the girls questioning their actions and the murders of their fathers. A very interesting and very disturbing story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most striking and heart-breaking film I have ever seen. It tells a story that is as much about the young as it is about the aging. It is very sad that it was made at the end of the 19th century, and very disturbing that this story was not told until the late 1940's.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be very charming, but I also found it very tasteful and beautiful. The script is brilliant, but the acting was superb beautiful. I am not surprised with this movie, but with so many great movies, it is surprising that this one is still a favorite of so many. It reminds me of another movie in the same genre, which was a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be masterful and moving in all aspects. It was interesting in the beginning and after the first few minutes I became completely immersed in the story of the two main characters. The ending was wonderful and I could not wait for the conclusion to come and I would recommend this movie for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason why this is not widely distributed as it is by the wonderful Larry Cohen.  This is one of those wonderful, uplifting movies. Cohen's direction is masterfully captured, his cinematography masterfully nuanced, his score brilliantly creative and beautifully realized. The film's story, like that of any of Cohen's films, is one big beautiful happy surprise. The story begins in the winter of 1974, when a couple of New Yorkers begin their first serious attempt at living together in a new city neighborhood. They are living in a multi-family home in a bustling, multi-cultural neighborhood, with their own private bathroom and private kitchen. This is a hard, cold, harsh place. I don't know if the couple ever left this place before the camera captures their first scene in this film.  I also don't care how many times Cohen and co-star, Michael Caton-Jones, have seen this magnificent, hard, stunning and uplifting story. They both seem to have a very personal life and seem to be enjoying every minute of it.  It's a very strange, yet somewhat strange movie. I give this a ten. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the first of the "Great War" that took place in the 20th century.  The acting was masterfully crafted, the plot intricately nuanced, and the settings beautifully filmed. The movie is a masterpiece of art, not war, and I found it to be the perfect compliment to the movie.  I will watch again and again, hoping that I have seen every detail. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It's not a comedy that many people are familiar with, and it's not really one of those that really is well-made, and can only be made because of great writing and brilliant performances. In fact, many people who've seen this film will remember a great deal of its humor, from the lines that describe the relationship between the lead character and his friends, to the one that refers to the lead's mother, to his grandmother, and so on.  The thing that really made me was the fantastic, creative acting and great directing. The visuals are brilliant, and the music and soundtrack are beautiful, and I can't remember anything of this movie before, and if I do, I will be surprised to find that this is one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Dead Code" is the classic horror film about a mysterious illness that can kill the living.  The film's title, "The Living Dead" is one of many in which the title refers to a particular person or a particular disease. The main character, John Doe, is a cop who is on the case of a woman infected with the mysterious illness.  A very scary film, but not the typical movie about a cop investigating a mystery.    7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is in a league of their own, but it is definitely not one of my favorites. In fact, the movie is one of the masterpieces of the genre. I liked the acting, which was fine, but also the beautiful setting, the brilliant cinematography, and great use of beautiful music. The setting was amazing, the beautiful cinematography masterpieces, and the masterful use of great music. It was surprising that it was so realistic for a horror movie. And that is one reason why I am giving this film such a high rating of 4/5. This movie isn't one of those, where you have to take everything in moderation. It is a great film, and it is scary. The actors, the setting, great use, great direction, great music, great cinematography... well, everything is perfect. Brilliant and beautiful. 10/10. 7/5 from me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the touching story of a young couple who make up a game to kill each other in order to win the game. A young woman's best friend is a boy. Their game begins when she brings her game and asks her to play.  The story follows her attempt to play the game, as she tries to play against his mother who is cheating on her husband.  A good film with good performances. A great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when it first came out in the 60's and I loved it. It was the first time I saw the wonderful Albert Pyun and I saw how he made me feel.  The only problem with the movie is that it was over 7½ minutes long.  It had a good beginning and it had a great ending.  This movie is very emotional and I am shocked that people don't seem to realize this. It makes me sad when people do something that I would never do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is based on the real life relationship of a former soldier and his family in the small town of Beaver. A man, his wife, and his two children, have been living together since childhood and have not seen each other since. They have fought a battle of survival.  I liked this movie and it is not terrible. It shows how family and community are so important. The soldier is not alone. His family and those around him have a part to play as well. The movie shows the life of a soldier who has lost his family, his house, and has lost everything. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic-comedy. The movie is filled with romance and comedy and it's very enjoyable. However, the movie is full of plot-twists. The most heartwarming part is when the two main characters are in love. The scene when the father and son are in the park together, with the park's path behind them, is a little creepy, but not too scary.  This movie is not for the weak-hearted, as the acting is strong, and the plot has a good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of this movie is good. I liked it and i was shocked how good it was. It is so funny and is very cute. I love how they make you laugh.  I do not think this movie has many downs. the funny parts are good. Also i think the ending is great. the ending has good jokes and the movie is so good. i think that this is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this in the late eighties and I still don't understand why I never heard of this movie before.  It tells a very interesting tale about a couple of guys who play chess at a local museum. One day they play an interesting game, and a remarkable incident occurs: one of the guys gets up to check the board and the other stays put, but when the man sees a piece of paper with a number on it, he begins to get freaked out, and he gets freaked worse by the beauty of chess. He starts screaming, and the woman who plays the lady on the board starts to cry, and when she tries to comfort the guy, he gets scared to death. The guy and the lady both get freaky freaks, and one freaky moment is a beautiful sight: when the lady falls to the floor, the guy freaks out, runs to the museum and jumps up screaming, then the other guy runs up to him and freaks him out.   What's great about the movie is the fact that it's a very dark movie.  There's a good bit of nudity in this movie, which was a surprise to me. I think this was one of those "I know you like to watch nude" movies, but if you like that type of movies, this is not for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In an age of big Hollywood action flicks and a plethora of low budget indy films, this is a must see. Especially for a guy with a real life problem.  This is not for the weak at heart, but rather for those with real life problems. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very charming, the way it shows that love and devotion can only flourish when one is able to appreciate and appreciate the love of another. The way that they are able to do this is very touching, very genuine, and very real. It is like a beautiful piece of art, very touching and very sad. The movie shows that there is a place in the world for us, the human beings, that we do not have to look at each other and have meaningful conversations about life, about love, or even about death to fully appreciate our own mortality. We need to learn that we can live life, just like we can all. This is one of the most important movies in the history of mankind. It shows that we all have the potential to become the angels that we have dreamed of being. We have all the power in the universe. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was beautiful and very romantic. The two main characters, the main heroine and the main antagonist were all very appealing. They were beautiful, yet sad.   The ending made me sad. It's not a great ending. It made me happy. It had so many wonderful moments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I like "The Shop Around the Corner", the first installment of the Bitchy Boys series. The stories are very short, the dialog is great and the humor is great. The songs are great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   If you like "Criminally Insane", "Maniac", "Suspense", "The Sentinel", "Cypher", "Possible Man", "Grail Hill", "Down To Earth", or any of the other 50+ other films about psychoactive substances, then you will enjoy this masterpiece. I am not kidding, masterfully crafted and brilliantly filmed. I would recommend this film to any fan of the great art of cinema. I do not take this film seriously, nor do I look at it as anything other than a great film. This film is not only entertaining, it is an unforgettable masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The title, "The Last Wave" is a perfect metaphor for the time of its birth. It is a period piece that reveals the human experience at the time in time.   It is the story of two families that meet at a cabin, but the two families are completely different.  The first family, "A" has a mother (Patricia), and a father (Jack). The second family, the "B" has none, with no family, no friends, no family.  But as the story progresses, we discover that these two families have a lot in common, even though the two stories are totally different. The first story is about the mother who is going to a cabin to relax, and is afraid to go in because of her husband's job, and the second story, the father who is not going to any cabin and has not seen his wife in so long, is a bit of a shock.  Both of these stories are in a movie, but they are not two completely different movies, but two different stories.  "The Mother" is about a mother, a mother who has been married for over thirty years, who is a mother for a child. She has an affair with a young neighbor, and has been for the last year, all alone, and not married for more than two years.  When the child is born, it is very natural that the mother wants to see her husband.  She does not want to have a child, so she is going back to the cabin and alone.  Her husband is not the man she is supposed to be.  What is natural is that the father is going out with the neighbors.  A woman who is in a cabin alone, will probably be scared to death by her neighbors. It would be very dangerous for her to walk out of the cabin alone with a child without the neighbors knowing what happened to her.  And the husband has not been out with his neighbors in so many years, but he is not happy. He has not had a life for his kids.  So the father goes to his first wife and does not have a chance to talk to her, because the husband knows that he has a lot of things to say. He will not talk about his affair, and he will not say anything else. But the wife will not accept him, because she is not a real person, but her husband has.  It also shows the mothers' relationship to their children. The
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is the story of the relationship between a young man and his older woman who meet on the beach. When they are alone in the beach, the older woman begins to have strange dreams of a mysterious raven. The young man is able to see the raven's reflection in the water, but can only see her in the sunlight. He tries to help her, and gets attacked by a raven.  The film is very eerie, but it is very scary. If you watch this film at night, it will scare you very badly. If the film is not played at night during the summer, it is a very creepy film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is good and the acting superb. The ending brilliantly shows how a story of ordinary, everyday life can change forever through the actions of everyday people.  I saw this movie when I was a kid and I have never forgotten that feeling. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for anyone who has ever seen a good film or documentary, if you haven't see this film, please, do so, I'm sure that you would be surprised. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It's a horror movie with a good story and a good cast. The cast is strong, the characters are well developed and believable, and the ending is very haunting. It is not typical. It shows the power of an old man to defeat the dark forces in the very heart of a new world.  I don't think there will be a sequel. It will be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like my film and want to see a good film, please watch this one. The film is very suspenseful, the action is great, the beautiful landscapes and cities are stunning, and the story is interesting. The movie is also a tribute to the Italian horror classics. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the first one, but this one is better. The script is great and masterfully crafted. The acting is great, and the beautiful cinematography masterfully captured every emotion from a mother who comes home from work and discovers that she has to live life on her own. The whole thing beautifully captured the essence of life in a small British town. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am in the middle of this movie, so I was thrilled to see it and was happy with the beautiful cinematography and brilliant acting. I really enjoy all the actors and was amazed at how great it was! The story is so cool and I was surprised by how beautiful it was. I think the best thing about the movie was the beautiful music and the beautiful photography. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of my favorite anime series. The plot is very interesting, and I thought that the characters were good. Also, the characters seemed to have a good life, but not like the anime in "Hide & Seek". Also, I thought the animation was beautiful, and there were many beautiful CG scenes. Also the songs were wonderful, and the animation and settings were great.  It is also not a typical anime, as there were some noticeable differences in some scenes, such as when it was raining, and when it wasn't raining, but the characters didn't change. It reminded me of "Cannonball Run", where the characters are all wet and alive and their emotions change through the whole movie, and you can tell that this is what "Hide and Seek" was like. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie twice, and I enjoyed it more than the first time. I found the characters to be realistic, which I think is a good thing, because that is what movies should be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very fun movie. I saw it in my university's sociology course. It's an interesting story and it is probably one of the few films I've seen where the director/writer is actually funny. The humor was very funny and there was no "joke" moments. I guess if you enjoy watching films with a good plot, you will like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've never understood why so few people have liked this show... I'm glad they liked it too.  I'm really glad that so few have commented on it... but I'm always curious when it comes to what people don't know about the show...  I know nothing about the series, and I really enjoyed every second of the show. The acting was beautiful and inspiring, and the cast was great.  My biggest problem with the show was that I was waiting for the next episode to come up, and they delivered great performances. The next episode was so great, that it was very enjoyable, and i hope that will make it to another season.   So the next time you watch it, don't forget to watch "The Flame" as well. I'm sure you won't get the same experience as me :) 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is beautifully filmed in color, has a haunting opening and a somewhat silly plot. The camera follows the story of a small Chinese girl and her family members as they travel on their traditional way to visit relatives. The film covers her family's traditional mourning and funeral rites for their deceased parents and also the struggles of the women who have chosen to live a life of "traditional" living instead of a life in the modern world. The story of this girl's life and struggles with modern life is of course a human story. The characters are somewhat stereotypical, the cinematography works very well and the movie is also fairly stylized. Overall, the movie really does not let the viewer down. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story line of a man discovering his wife is a good one but the music is perfect for the job. The movie is a great example of what Hollywood should learn.   This movie is unique.  It isn't a love story or a drama and that is what makes it great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A film that could easily become a cult classic, I found myself entranced by it, and this movie certainly fit that bill. I was entraned by the beautiful scenery, and the wonderful acting and great writing. The main character is a real estate developer, who's just not interested in living in the city. His real estate agent is the wife of a real-estate developer, and he's really not in the best shape of mind. His life has become more serious as he deals with the new homeowners, and his real estate attorney has fallen down on him. He's living in a tiny apartment, and she's his real-life mother. His apartment is small and cozy, and everything seems to be just perfect for the both of them.  It's a great film, but I don't think it will ever be seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very enjoyable film. The acting is great, and I enjoyed the movie as a whole. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes movies that are short, and you will enjoy it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning, I was very surprised by the film. I was surprised how beautiful the story is. The main actors are superb, with good performances. The story is interesting and it surprises the viewer. The cinematography master brilliantly shows how the camera works. I also like the way the music is used. A great score by Floriane Guetary and Jean-Luc Nancy is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of this movie was brilliant. The acting was masterfully beautiful and masterfully crafted. The beautiful Fall shots alone made this film unforgettable. The story is one of the great stories of the 20th century, as is the direction. A true story about a true story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love the music, especially the soundtracks. But, the story is a good one, and this is a movie to watch. This is a tale of a man who has finally found happiness, and how it came about.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of my favorite musicals from the silent era. The songs are of varied styles, with the most common being "Let Me In", a song that was popularised by the MGM musical team in the 1930s. The last song they used was "On My Way to a Boat" (also known as "On the radio"), also popularised in the late 1930s by the late MGM musicals producer Herbert Stothart. It contains an amusing scene, one that I will never forget, which is one in which Herbert StOTHART sings a line to a group of dancers: "Now, girls, what is your profession?". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the concept of a movie about the most basic training of a martial arts student. The plot of this film is so basic and works brilliantly. The director, the cinematography master and the master of the art all contribute perfectly together to the beautiful and complex scene. The master, as always, is the master. He is able to direct and to realize the story, while the other two members help him realize the true meaning of the scene. I can't believe how great the art is, and how beautifully it works. This movie deserves 10/10. I would love to recommend this film to any martial arts students, or to anyone interested in film. 10/5 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked "Walking Tall" but this was my second experience with the movie. I saw it at the Palm Springs International Film Festival and was pleasantly surprised. The film is a beautiful, quiet, and down to hearted story of a family in the woods trying to get their life together. The cast is good and includes a good cast of characters who I found easy to fall in love with, but they make the movie believable. The acting was masterfully done. The cinematography masterfully captured the mood and atmosphere of the forest. The beautiful music is wonderful. The landscapes are natural and beautiful. The locations are beautiful. I love the feeling of walking through the woods at night and the music. I think this is the perfect movie. If you get the chance, watch this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way it shows the relationship between the father and son is very natural and touching and I found the ending quite touching. This film shows the life of the two main characters and how they meet and how the situation changes over time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been in my collection since it came out of my grandmother's videostore. I taped it off of the original movie one day when it came time for my grandma to watch it. She's just so perfect and beautiful and you can't take your eyes away. She makes me want to watch this again and again. I love her as an old person but she still has charm. I don't know what my grandma said the other day that she never got that young again. It was so sweet and wonderful. My grandmother is a real treasure and i wish she was in every movie i ever saw her in. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pleasantly surprised at the acting and beautiful cinematography of this fine movie, the story was great and touching and there were beautiful moments in the film, some scenes were so moving that I lost track of what was happening and what was not happening and I could not stop watching, and the best scene was the opening credits where everyone was listed and they all had such great performances that it was amazing and very moving, the acting was brilliant, the cinematography beautiful, and special effects very believable, and it was so beautiful that I thought that the movie deserved an 11 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is about a man that works in a bank, and his life of bank robbers, and it is very exciting. It's a very dark movie with very good acting, great music, and great direction. It is the second of three "good" horror films that director Wes Craven made with producer Jason Reitman, and is his most effective. In this movie the story is very dark, but still very disturbing, with a very strong cast of villains, especially one that is very young and one that has an evil past.  I think that this movie is a very good horror movie, that is scary, that makes you scared of your nightmares, and that is something that anyone should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen this movie a few times and it still remains one of my favorite and my worst movie ever. The cinematography masterpieces are stunning. In this movie we can see how the landscapes are beautiful, and the landscapes beautiful, at the same time, we can feel how the actors are beautiful and we can understand them.  The beautiful landscapes in the movie are very hard to see, the beautiful landscapes are hard to recognize, the landscapes, the actors, the cinematography and all other details make this movie great. It's hard to believe that this movie was made with such brilliant cinematography in mind. I don't know what kind of cinematography he used, and I hope he made more movies with great cinematography.  I'm a big Sam Peckinpah fan, and he made a magnificent movie in this one. Sam Peck in Sam Peck's hands, Sam Peckenpah, Sam!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am so glad I saw this in the theater when I was in the middle of my bout 3rd bout of trying to get myself to go back to my childhood and try to get my mom to watch it! My friend who was also in the audience to our talk after our screening said to me, "So, this is it? Wow great movie!" I said, "What great movie?" He said, "...it was wonderful beautiful." Wow great film! I laughed and smiled and enjoyed every moment watching this beautiful film. I was so surprised! It made me happy. Thank you so much for the inspiring words! I am now hoping for a sequel soon. It is my all time favorite movie. I hope it comes soon. I want my mom and she loves it as much as I do! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short, sweet, romantic and very charming movie with some very good music. The film is about a young Italian woman, played by Vanessa Redgrave, who is attracted to the handsome Italian doctor, played very handsome by Leonardo DiCaprio, and who is ready to fall in love with him. The movie is a very heart-warming story of love, passion and the Italian countryside. Vanessa is engaged to the doctor and her friends and family members. It is difficult to say if she is the real girl or not and Leonardo is very good as the Italian doctor. This movie is short and sweet, a nice little romantic drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a short, sweet, and surprisingly emotional film. The actors have emoted so well that you may feel lost in their performance. I can't imagine why this is. It is one of those films that you don't have to be a big movie-watcher to enjoy. It's great fun, and the audience seems to get involved in the story. The film has been edited brilliantly.  I don't see why this film doesn't get a rating. The people who rate this film, and who give the movie a "7" or a "8" don't seem to understand this film at all. The rating is not because of the content of the movie, but because the movie itself is very enjoyable and fun. I don.t know why. It could be that this film is so funny that it's hard to tell the jokes from the perspective of the characters, and it is quite hard to judge from a one-joke perspective. I would rate it very high if I were you, and if you liked the movie. It should not get a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know what kind of movies and actors this movie has brought out.It is an entertaining and funny film.I recommend this film for anyone.Watch it for the kids.Watch and enjoy.I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone.There are some funny moments,I wish they had the kids in the movie to laugh and have them enjoy it as much as I did.I also wish there was a better movie out there.Watch out for the great actors in this movie.The kids can watch it just as we can.Thank you,Burt and Eveline. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It is one of those films that is so wonderful and beautifully filmed, that you can actually enjoy it. This is one movie you can watch whenever you want, anytime you want. It does not matter what time you are or what channel you watch it on. There is no need to look at the script to know when it is. The great part is that it does not sound like a movie written by a movie director and it doesn't sound like an excellent movie.  It is great cinematography, great music, great special effect and great music. The best part is the fantastic scene with the cat jumping through the chimney. I just love that scene. It made me jump. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found this film very inspirational, but very poignant, and very beautiful.  I can see why people say it's a straight forward, predictable story, it isn't. The movie was well directed and well acted, but it had an excellent ending. I love that ending!  I thought the film was beautiful, beautiful, and i think you'll agree that it had that effect. The ending made me feel like i was there, and that's what i like about most films.   In conclusion, if you liked "Moonwalker", you'll probably like this movie too. It is definitely not the perfect film to show off your kids, but if you're looking for something to pass time and a great story, this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I'm always looking for something new to watch, but when I heard that the film was coming out, I knew that it was going to be something special, something I haven't seen before.  The cinematography masterfully shows how the film is able to capture the essence of a young woman's life and the transformation of a shy and lonely person into someone that has lost everything and loves life. The film focuses on the relationship of a lonely person and a guy that is going through a hard time of his life.  This is a very realistic depiction of a very lonely person who has lost her life and wants someone else to understand and accept her life. It also examines the person's relationships with his family, his friends, and his work.  I think this film was very well done and very heartfelt, and I recommend it to anyone interested in real life or a depressing view of how life can change for a person.   8.5/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is well-made, directed beautifully and well-acted, and I liked the movie very much. It has some very good acting by the usual, with an amusing cameo by John Carradine (who played Jack, the lead character in the movie "The Gunfighter") as a detective, a very impressive and over-the-top performance by David Duchov as the commander of the army, and a very good performance by Douglas Fairbanks as the doctor.  The special effects are amazing. The camera is beautifully composed, and it shows some beautiful close-ups of the characters, especially from the rear. The story is also interesting, and the ending makes the story better.  I give this movie a 7/10, but it is very close to the best-of-the genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie first when I was a little kid. I didn't know a lot about the movie and what I did learn was that the song that the kid sings at the beginning and the ending was 'Stay Together'. When the movie came out, I was surprised to learn that this movie wasn't actually about the 'Stay With Me' song. It was about an Irish boy called O'Brien (Brendan Gleeson) who gets lost in the woods and comes back to his Irish roots to get help from his Irish heritage. He finds a big, scary, bear, a wolf, a fox, and a cat all together who wants revenge on him. He tries to get out of the woods, and he meets a witch named Trish (Maggie Gilchrist) who he has to battle all of the time. Trish gives him advice on how to survive, and it's this fight that O'Briain gets the bear. Then he gets a second bear and another. He gets bitten by the second bear, and after he has his bear attacked, he has flashbacks of Trish telling him that she is 'a witch' and that she will 'heal' O'Sullivan if he does not defeat the bear and his'sisters'. The'sister' tells him that he is the only one who can defeat the monsters. O'Pyth has his final fight with the bear as Trish tells him to take him to the place where he belongs. She tells him of a 'burning' place and that there will be no way for him to get back to Ireland if he defeats the bear first. When O'pyth gets there, he finds a huge bear, his bear is missing, and when he gets back to the camp, his bears brothers (the same ones he had used to get Trish) all come to help him out. They all get attacked by the same bear that he used to scare his brothers. This time O'Neill is not the one to defeat, but he gets knocked down and his life is saved. O',Pyth and his brothers were saved from the bear, because the bear was killed by his brothers' help.  My favorite line is when O'Nelly says to O'Leary that he needs to 'get away' and 'get a girl'. It is a nice comment, and I didn. It just doesn't have to be his girl.  Overall, the movie is great,
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part of the movie is at the beginning, when the kids are singing their songs and dancing and the animals are singing theirs as well. This movie is about how the animals in your neighborhood, that you never see, are able to come to life. When they are all together, and you are all watching the same animals, they can all come to the life that they deserve. This is a great movie, and a great time to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this as a child, when my parents bought me my own copy of the film from Blockbuster, and my mom and I sat down to watch it with my little sister and watched it again, and it still is a great movie. The music was so good, I was crying and laughing so hard, I could even hear my little niece talking and singing to me. I have seen the film over 5 times, and I have not regretted my kids' reactions at all. The acting is great, especially the children. It was great that the parents took such great care of their children. I loved it, and if I ever want to see it again I will definitely buy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second of two "Criminally Insane" films directed by the great Jim Edgar (who directed the original "Carnival of Souls") in which the theme of a demented witch-hunt is explored. "Cult of the Cobra" (1976) - Jim Edgar's debut - is the first of two such "Climactic" films. Edgar opens with the story of a doctor who visits the island of Dr. Fu Manchu, the creator of the cult. During the course of his investigation, he discovers the existence of a secret cult whose members include a psychologist, a psychiatrist, and a doctor (John McIntire) as well as the former inhabitants of the island, a doctor's wife and a police detective (Robert Stack) and a witch (Lynne Ramsay). When the doctor and the detective are arrested, the cultists are revealed to be former residents of the old island who are now living in a new location with a different culture and a different lifestyle. The story is then explored and the "Chernobyl" is revealed to have been a real event. The film then takes a somewhat "scientific" view of the situation. While the doctor's story and the scientist's interpretation are intriguing, the film shows that the "scientific view" is far from reality. The documentary-style style of the film is very stylized, while the narrative itself is very suspenseful and the editing works in great style. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film follows the life of a parrot who comes to live at the beach and learns to swim. It's a very naturalistic and heart-warming film about an aging parrot, his mate and his family, his dreams, his life and how he interacts with other birds. The film is an odd story about life, and the bird, but it is not bird-brained, but instead bird-smart and human-oriented. It does not promote bird-watching, but rather shows how a bird's life can be very strange and lonely at the life-size.    I would recommend this film to anyone who is interested in animals, and anyone interested in life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The beginning is interesting, but it is followed by a great performance by all.  This is a story of honor, honor killing, revenge, corruption, greed, power, money, honor, and corruption.  The story moves along well and there are many great scenes.  All in all, a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the idea of the film. In fact, this film is one of my 10 favorite films in the last decade.  The main story concerns the lives of a group of college students who play the deadly game of dare to survive and all of the people who think they will be big winners if they dare to play it. They get to play the games and then get killed off one by one.  A lot of great cinematography, great suspense, great music, great settings, great locations, great special effects, great costumes, great everything. Excellent workmanship. Great great creative ideas, great great great directing, great masterful brilliant acting and great master masterful masterful great masterfully crafted masterful beautiful visuals. Great works of art. Beautiful cinematography and beautiful settings. Great use of colors, beautiful settings, beautiful music, beautiful beautiful and great use of music. Great masterful cinematography. Great photography and masterful special effects. Perfect settings and beautiful and amazing settings. Perfect use of every movie frame. Perfect masterpieces. Perfect perfect settings and perfect settings. Masterfully crafted cinematography masterpieces in a beautiful setting. Perfectly crafted settings and amazing cinematography with great music. Perfect suspense, perfect suspense. Perfect perfection. Perfect beautiful settings and stunning settings. perfect settings, perfect settings masterfully created scenes and great settings master perfectly crafted scenes and settings master wonderfully composed settings and settings perfectly matched to the story in a magnificent way. Perfect cinematography perfection. Excellent and beautiful cinematography perfect cinematography complemented perfectly with superb and stunning music. The settings were great, settings perfectly chosen.  I think this is the masterpiece of a director and director who is truly masterful. Perfect. Perfect timing. Perfect setting. beautiful masterpieces perfectly created. Perfect acting. Perfect and beautiful masterworks perfectly chosen and beautifully created. Great film. Perfect film. perfect cinematographic perfection. perfect film. masterful film. perfection in every detail. Perfect, perfect and beautiful. Perfect flawless. Perfect for all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the first part of this movie, but I thought that it was more fun than this amazing film. It was really funny, and I don't think you'll like this movie if you're not a big Sam Fuller fan. The story is very unique, and most of the cast is good, as well as the story itself. The special effects are awesome, but the story is brilliant. And I think it's safe to say that this movie is worth watching, as it's very entertaining. I'd love to see this again, as I love this movie a lot.  7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is excellent but I was never satisfied. It was an emotional roller coaster that was a roller through which I have been moved since the end. This movie showed me that people have a capacity to overcome all odds. The actors did their parts beautifully. The director did a great job in conveying the message. The characters were realistic and realistic. This was not a film for the big screen. It is a movie for a person who lives life on a daily basis.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was first exposed to this movie on cable when it was first shown at midnight on HBO. I was very impressed by the premise and feel I have to say it doesn't take an intelligent person to understand. The plot is very beautiful and the story is masterfully crafted. I haven't seen a film with more heart and beautiful cinematography. This is an entertaining film with great cast and excellent direction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The title of the movie should have given you a clue. It has more than one meaning and in this case I will concentrate on the plot.   I am glad I went and saw the movie. The movie is beautifully made and very entertaining. The story and the actors are very interesting and I like the fact that the movie is a satire of history. I do like the portrayal of the British. I am sad that so many people think this is a 'Christian movie' but really don't see it as such. It is an English history film about the influence of the English and the influence that it has had on the English. It also explores the English attitude towards religion and the beliefs of the common people.  The story was very interesting. The acting was brilliant. I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, a former boxer (played by Victor Borge) returns home from the hospital to his life as a manager at a sports gym in the town of Munchi, where he is trying to build a new life.  The movie is shot in the dark of the morning with brilliant color and is very atmospheric. Borge's dark suit and Borge walking barefoot makes for a moody, but not dark, and a moodiness that the story needs.  Borge is excellent in his performance as Borge, a manager who wants to make the best of life, but can't overcome his weaknesses. He's an impetuous guy who behaves like a father and shows no fear when doing things that are not appropriate, such as punching a woman in the face with a baseball bat or ordering a woman to do housework.  Victor Borne, a great actor who is also a great character actor in other films, is very good as the boxing trainer. He doesn't have much to do with the movie.  In the movie, the film is interesting, the story has some nice action and some great character developments, and Victor Bora is a good character actor.   This is a very depressing movie. It is not about depressing, but about showing how one has to deal with life, and it's depressing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an intense but touching, suspenseful, and heart-breaking movie. The story is about a couple (Skelton and Raffin) who have chosen to live together in a tiny, quiet community in the woods of the Canadian Rockies, where they are living in a small cabin together. Raffine is a loner, while Skelton is the same old he's always been, a kind of jerk. The cabin is an old, wooden cabin with a roof that has been rutting. The woods are green, the sky blue, and the sky brown. There is a waterfall nearby, and some birds are nesting. The two are completely and totally different people. They will sleep in the same room together and watch the same thing for eternity. This is a movie about finding one's self and about the nature of loneliness, which is not something I have experienced or even thought about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was a fascinating and quite disturbing film, and was one of the first films made by the director of John Carpenter, who was also the writer of the story. It was so atmospheric that you almost drowned in its atmosphere, and its haunting score was one that the director used in all his films.  The acting was top-notch, the direction brilliantly imaginative, and the entire cast were superb. There is no doubt that this was one Carpenter's favorite movie, which is no great feat considering the multitude of other films he made, and in fact, Carpenter had the brilliant sense of humor to bring this one to life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a wonderful film and I am so glad I went and saw it when I saw it as a child.  The scenes in the movie where the people are walking in the streets or playing on their lawns are really sad to me. I am glad that they weren't killed off. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out with a bang and it's really awesome. The script master works brilliantly to bring out the true terror of this story. A very chilling opening sequence that features a great scream and the viewer is then gripped by a sense of dread. This movie is about a mother of two kids (Mara Sinclair and her daughter) who has left the house and finds out that she has to go to live with her mum. This is an incredibly scary and sad movie. The mother leaves her daughter alone and walks down a dark road at night to go in search of help for her daughter. She finds a strange man in a local village and decides to follow him around and wait for him to come back. He comes back, they meet, and he invites her to join him in his dream.  The two become good friends and go in the dark woods together to face their fears. It's terrifying and a very frightening movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of 2001, not to be missed. I don't understand why this is so underrated. It is certainly not the first great film about such a controversial subject as this, and I am not a big fan of Richard Brooks or Richard Attenborough. So I was intrigued by this movie's title. The title's ambiguity could be interpreted as either a tribute or a warning, and both of those possibilities are true. I was pleasantly surprised by the cast, with Richard Attenesborough in a role that he may well have played in his later career.  This movie is about the pursuit of truth. It isn't in the way of the Brooks and Attenboro approach to truth-seeking, but it is certainly more in the spirit of the Attenbrough story, which I also don't find as good. This movie does not delve into the details of Attenbos' life, instead it focuses on the relationship between Attenbo and his ex-wife, the investigation by the police, the trials, the death, and the aftermath of the tragedy that led to his arrest. This is a very emotional story of tragedy, and it will take time to unfold. It may be a depressing experience, or it may just be something to keep the audience wondering. This film is not about a tragic ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie but could not believe the amazing performance by Ed Harris, and could not wait to see the wonderful performance of his character as the "young" woman. It is a pity more than anything that this is not the only film I have seen with him, as he is great, and he is very good. It was also great seeing the magnificent scenery at the beach in the "North East of Scotland" (which I am still thinking of, and I am sure that is what it was like in London in the seventies) where the great landscapes and nature scenes were to be seen and enjoyed.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting, and a very dark fantasy film. In fact, it is a "dark fantasy" of the macabre sort. This movie is about an old English country house in the middle of a wood, surrounded by a stone wall, which in turn is surrounded by ominous mist and darkness, the very thing which makes it a place of torment. A young girl is tormented by the evil mist and the old woman's appearance. The house is quiet and dark, the walls and the house itself are cold, and the trees nearby are bent in the shadows, seemingly for some reason, but for no reason. The beauty and haunting atmosphere of the house are all the more frightening when the house is surrounded with dark, sinister, or otherworldly entities. I like this movie for a lot of reasons. The actors are great, and it is great that the movie is so dark, and that is the only reason I am giving this a 10/10. This is definitely not a film for the faint of heart, and is definitely NOT for the people who think the best things in the world are "Beautiful" and "beautiful" movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this film, as it showed the beauty of a country in which the average family is a little over-dependent and in need of care. It showed how this country is not so easily off the hook as many other people may think, that is, when we have such close-knit family units. The acting was great, the direction beautifully captured the essence of the situation and how the family is like a network.  This is not a film about a bad movie, but a realistic drama about people in their everyday lives, with a focus on the need for caring. The beauty of this film is the fact that it is not only a story about the need, but about how people can overcome life's problems and the vicissitudes that come with it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very atmospheric film with a dark, brooding atmosphere and an atmosphere of sadness and sadness, both of which the main character struggles with.  The film is also very disturbing and I have to say that there are very few disturbing images, but I do see some disturbing images.  If you are a parent, you will understand and you will probably understand the message of this film.  I would recommend this film to anyone, particularly if you are looking for a dark and disturbing story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie i've seen in a long time. i was pleasantly surprised at the acting in the movie, the great performances from each actor, and great cinematography masterfully crafted and brilliantly photographed. all i had to say is if you are a real estate agent or real estate owner and you are not happy with this film, then its great, and you'll understand the sentiment that exists between real estate agents and real estate buyers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As an actor, I always appreciate what I can get, even if it's not the perfect thing. I've never seen the play in which this movie was played, but the movie is great! I especially liked the "haunting" of the cemetery, but I also appreciated the scene where the young girl dies, and the scene at the beginning when the man discovers the cause of death of his wife and brother. I don't think that it is the great film that I have seen, but a great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is a very good one, but the acting great and the movie great. I love the music in this movie, and the beautiful scenery is great. The story, great cinematography, great music and great song in this great movie is beautiful. I like the idea of the movie, a kind of story with great actors and great music. The movie is very funny, and there are few words in the movie to describe this movie. I think, this movie is not just about the story, the story is very good, but this movie will make you laugh a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an adult version of a short story written by Bram Stahlberg and directed by the great Bram Staden. It's not bad enough, but you can guess the rest. It is about a man that loses his family in a plane crash and then comes to his senses. A few weeks later he gets a call from his wife and the movie is awesome. It also has great acting by Staden and a good story by Stahlberger.  This was the first time I saw this movie, and wow it was awesome. I wish it stayed with me for the whole movie. I was amazed how great this movie was. I enjoyed the first part, but after that great movie was amazing! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I have to say, I really liked this movie, but that's what I like. If you're like me, you have to see it. The only reason you won't see it is because of the kids. You'll laugh a lot of times. But if you don't, you won`t understand anything. I'm sure they enjoy it, because the kids don`t take anything seriously.  This movie has some good humor, and some good acting. But the best part is that it`s very heart-warming. This is the first movie where I saw the movie and I saw that the whole family was happy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't know if this is the masterwork of the great JB Kennedy or the brilliant Mr. Kennedy. In any event I hope that the two movies together will be able to tell the true story of how the real Jack Kennedy came to be the greatest politician of the 20th century.  I have read the book "The Rise of The Revolution" many years ago and it was very much like this movie.  The best part of this movie is the first half hour, which tells us that when the revolution started, Jack had already gotten involved in it and was at the forefront of the revolt. The other parts are very interesting and I haven't seen those either.  If you have to choose between this and "The Kennedy On The Campaign" I would certainly go for the former. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me start out by saying I love the story, but this movie is beautiful. It is well done, and I would recommend it. If you like to see some stunning animation, this is the movie for you. I have to say I really like the animation, and to be honest, I don't think there are many animated movies out there, and this is one of them.  Overall, I love this movie, and would recommend this to anyone looking for something beautiful.  7/5 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Kurosawa's Ueda" is an early Kurosawas' work and is not very different from the later works of this director. However, it's not the best film in terms of cinematography. The dialog is simple and beautiful. The use of colored glasses to look at the sunset is an excellent example of this. The actors are perfect. The action is fast and furious. The story is very suspenseful. The whole movie is well-crafted and the director's style is superb.   I'd recommend this film to people who want to experience the full range of a Japanese horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterful performance by Peter O'Donnell is as strong as it gets. He portrays the Irishman in his best light, and he has a superb way of conveying his distaste for the harsh treatment of the natives, which he feels in a deep sense. It is, in short, a moving tale about the treatment of men in need of help.  The movie opens with the Irish hero's anguish, and the scenes in the house of his native town are disturbing. One can almost hear the sounds of his mother calling for help. And then, in one of the scenes, the hero is on his way to meet a girl from the village. A kind gesture of the utmost kind.   The story is as old as Ireland itself. It seems to be set in the early 1600's. And, it certainly seems to me, to be a part of the early history of Ireland.  Peter O 'Donnell seems to fit the role perfectly, as the man in need, not the man who is helped, because the hero never feels he is able to take care of himself. And he certainly never feels that he has been able to live a life of his own.  There are many scenes of tragedy in the movie, and there are also many scenes that make the point of illustrating the Irish people's inability to help the natives.  But, in the end, O'Donell seems to decide that this is not the case, and in his heart, he does what he can to help his fellow countrymen, and even to save his own life.  It is unfortunate, but the Irish proverb is an appropriate one for the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an almost ideal romantic anime that could be made by anyone, even a person with a high metabolism and a life expectancy of only 5 years. A romantic anime can be anything from a cute, cute and innocent little cute movie to a completely serious, yet very depressing, anime.  It is a sad, beautiful story about love and determination that have taken a life of their own. There is no denying that this is a depressing anime. I love that it has a plot, so that people don't think they are stupid. This anime will keep you entertained and have you wondering.  I rate this anime 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that i have seen, i am not a huge movie fan, but i was very impressed with this movie. great movie, great acting, great beautiful settings and great beautiful cinematography, great great great acting and great great cinematography. brilliant movie, stunning cinematography and stunning settings. great acting in a beautiful setting. i recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie for anyone who likes a good laugh, a good plot and a good time, or even just a good story.  This movie is similar to "Maniac", and is also directed by James F. Flocker. The plot is also similar to other horror movies.    This is an interesting movie. I will admit that it is a little too dark, but i liked the way that it was filmed. The cinematography was great, and i also like the way it was shot. I enjoyed the story, the special effects, and the music. The only thing that annoyed me was the fact that this movie is a very cheesy, awesome movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie when I was 9 years old, it was an interesting and somewhat disturbing movie. I thought the movie was somewhat disturbing. I was so frightened by the acting and the disturbing atmosphere that I wanted to watch it again, even though I didn't understand the story at all!  As a result I didnt understand it all very well. The only negative thing about the movie is that I never saw it again. This movie really scared me. It scared me so bad that I was scared to death. It really scared the hell out of me and scared the heck out of my grandma when she saw it! The best part of the movie (if you watch the movie) is when the mother and son come to the house and kill the mom. I have to say that this was the scariest movie I've ever seen in my life! It was so scary, so terrifying, that it scared me, scared me to death, and scared me that this is the kind of movie that will be around for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a short and sweet documentary about the life and struggles of a couple of people in their late 20's that are struggling with addiction. They are both battling it and in the process, there is great music and beautiful images. The music is catchy and the images are moving. It is an excellent film and I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great, fast paced, realistic story, especially considering the budget constraints. I've seen it on TV, and I can't wait for it to come out. The acting is great, especially the performances by the 4 main characters. The plot is interesting and I hope that one day will come true to me. I loved it and I will never look at it again. I hope I never find out why it came to an end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am surprised me because I really liked the acting. It is very emotional. The acting was great masterfully done, and the movie was beautifully beautiful, it was beautiful and I love it, I love the acting, and I like the movie. The ending was beautiful. And the best part was when the music came on and I thought "I love you". I was stunned, surprised, I did not know what was happening! I could not wait to see what the next scene would be. So I started to cry. The movie was great. I think this movie is great, and it is good. It has a great ending. I recommend this movie to anyone. I hope they do not see this great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the second short film from director Sam Jaffe. It's a good-natured look at the world of the drug war and the struggles of the disenfranchised. Jaffe used the talents of such varied character actors as Jeff Kober as the "good cop", and Rosario Dawson as a "drug addict" to bring life to the characters of the two main characters: Hank (a former soldier, now a hardened ex-drug addict) and Ray (Ray's girlfriend).  This film isn't so much about the drug abuse or addiction as it is about the lives of two men who were both addicted and drug addicted, and the lives they lived with each other. Jafri shows the effects of the drugs, the social consequences of the abuse, and how the two guys are affected by the abuse of power and abuse of money.   Sam Jafree is at his best here. It was a beautiful film to watch, and I'd recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a romantic movie in the same vein as movies like The Man in the Moon, or even the film version of the novel "The Robber Bride"  It's a charming movie with a couple of good shots in it, but nothing over the top. The romance is cute, and the movie has a couple good scenes, but you'll probably still end up wanting more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, I am going to say that I really enjoyed this movie. It has a lot of great acting and some great directing. It isn't one of the masterpieces that Hollywood has been producing. This movie is great. And it has great story line. So, if you like a good story line, this is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty dark and brutal and twisted little film. The story is interesting and there are a few twists in the story which you can guess and guess. The ending is a bit unclear and mysterious. The acting is great especially from the actors who do a great job. The use of lighting and shadows really works and works well with the whole picture. The music is nice, I think, but there are some really good music scenes in there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great film. A great story, a good cast and good directing. I'd like to point out that this was a movie about a woman who has been in love with her husband for 20 years, has had several strokes, has a high heart rate and is very sick. She is visited by a spirit who tells her to take care of herself. This film is about how a woman comes back from the dead and realizes that she needs to take life again. The movie is about the realization of a person that she is a real person with real needs and wants. The acting in this film is great, especially the performances by the actors. I really recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative that i could come up with about this wonderful film is, it's a bit long and I could take a bit more time with it.  I liked all the action, the plot, the dialog, the beautiful scenery and the great acting.  The main reason for watching this was because i liked the movie and there is great fighting scenes, the characters are good and i thought that there is good and interesting action.  Also the special effects are great, and the plot is very interesting and unique, I've seen a lot of movies with the same plot, with similar special effects and this is a good one.  My rate 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is interesting, but it is not the best film I've seen. I found it very entertaining, but very fun to watch.   I found the beginning of the movie interesting and I found myself enjoying it. It reminds me of the time I used to sit with my parents on the couch and watch "Patton".    The acting is great, but the movie is enjoyable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard of the movie before seeing it but it is something to watch. It's the first time I heard of this movie, which is why I am so shocked that so many people don't know about it. It was one of those great movies, but the story is great. I think the best actor was Jason Scott Lee, the other great actors are Jessica Lange, and James Caviezel, and the movie is beautifully done. It has an original and refreshing look to it, and I would love to see more of the story. Jessica Lange is good in this movie. I also think Jessica Lange's performance is a brilliant performance, but I would have liked to see the movie again with James Cavielle. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am usually not one to recommend a film to my friends. But after seeing "Tunnel Vision" I am happy to recommend this movie to anyone who has not seen it yet. The main actors are: Peter Falk, Ron Ely, Donald Sutherland, Michael Keusch, Ed Harris, John Lithgow, Susan George, Richard Dean Anderson, and Stephen McNally (yes, he is that handsome). The film is not an over the top masterpiece, but it is a great intro to the movie. If you don't want to spend an hour and a half watching this wonderful movie, then you will be glad you spent the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an avid reader of science fiction, I was surprised to find this film on DVD last week. It was a great film, as I watched it, and I thought the performances were great, especially the acting of the two main actors. They were masterful in their roles, which I found very enjoyable.  The plot was great, with excellent special effects, fantastic special effects and great special effects.  I especially enjoyed the portrayal of the main character, played by the excellent John Baragrey. Baragry was a very humanistic person, yet he had a very complex character to portray. Baraghoy was his beautiful wife, and the only reason that I liked this film was because it was so true to the story of the Titanic disaster.  This film has all of the classic elements of a science fiction film, including:    *Brief and suspense *Concept of the future *Human interaction *Scientific principles of relativity  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the master piece of film and was created with great intentions. It is a very well done movie, with good direction and great acting and a great script. A great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last "Won?" movie was good. It was one of the masterpieces of "The Young Frankenstein" and it was not supposed to be. This is the best one. "The Wunderkind" was great, "Wun" was fun and the "new" "Wunderkind", "Wunn" and "Wund" were also good.  All the "wonderfull" characters of the "Young Frankenstein" are good. The young girl who gets a witch's powers, the boy who gets his "little sister" and the old man who gets possessed by a ghost, etc... etc... the "creature" of "Witch of Wunderland" is scary. "Young" Frankenstein was great. This movie was awesome! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, if you are reading this review, then I am pleased to know, that I am one of those who actually liked this movie! The acting, great direction, great cinematography, great beautiful settings, brilliant visual art, brilliant brilliant musical score, stunning and lovely beautiful photography make this film perfect for any film buff to enjoy. Excellent, wonderful, beautiful, beautiful and unique. A wonderful film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was one of the masterpieces of the British Columbia Film Industry. A well-made but short film in its own right, this movie follows the story of three men, their struggles to survive as hunters in the Canadian Rockies, and how they must work for their dreams.  It also shows how a hunter can make a difference.  The story is very believable, though not down-trodden as in "Hollywood Homicide", it shows that there are people out there that are not able to look at life through rose glasses. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film at about five films and all of them are in the same genre. I can remember as a kid in the early '80s that my family had taped the entire film and were mesmerized by the beautiful landscapes and the wonderful acting of each actor, and I remember being amazed that these actors all played different parts.  I was not even born until 1988 and this was the first time I had seen such natural and breathtaking beauty.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. The film features a very good storyline, and some great acting and good direction. I really like it. It was a very interesting film, and not very boring, but the story is not very complex. It is a very emotional and interesting movie.  I really liked it. The director made a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are looking for a good romantic anime, "Shunyou" is a great choice. It's similar to "Hana" with some more adult language and more plot.  If your looking for something a little more serious, "Warm Heart" is the way to go.  "Shall we go?" - "Yes".  The anime has been banned in Japan since 1983. However, they have released it on video.  The animation is quite realistic, though the characters are a bit weird.  All in all, great romance. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Cannonball" is a very different story from the typical war movie, but it is very well done.  The movie is very similar to "Cadet Kelly" and "The Great Santini", and it could also be very similar. The movie was a real surprise to me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In this show, I was intrigued by the show, so I took a peek at the show and I am pleased to say, I enjoyed every second of it. The main reason I give this show great acting and great story lines, is that it was interesting to watch the different characters on the show. The show was very interesting and I thought it was great. The plot of the show was unique and very interesting, and I liked the different parts of the story. The shows main characters were very likable and very easy to fall in love with. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The beginning of this movie blew me away. When I went to the theater to see it, my husband and I were amazed that such great art could be created. In this film, I found the beautiful and inspiring and inspiring story of life on the Island. It made me realize that I need to be on this Island to experience this life and realize the true meaning of the true story. I will continue to watch this film.  I have seen this movie twice and I have to say that I am in tears every time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great films from the '66-'66-'67 television season (the first two of which I've seen from that director and his crew, the "Hodet Over Vannet" and "Stuttgart-Klein") that actually came to the fore of the then-raging Cold War, was "Slim Slam Slum," the story of a Jewish woman who gets entangled in her local community's underworld. This was a very clever, if predictable, story of the woman's struggles in the underworld (with her father and with her Jewish neighbors), her eventual escape from the clutches of her Jewish family, her search for her missing sister (and later a woman who was kidnapped by Arab terrorists), her search by the Red Cross, and finally the Red-Judging-God-given-Judgement. The acting was excellent (the man's role was the strongest, the girl's was the most sympathetic, and the director made a very fine choice for casting a fine actor such as D'Angelo), the music was interesting and eclectic, and it was shot in a very surreal and somber mood.  I can't help but recommend this movie to anyone looking for a fun one-night stand. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was never a big fan of Ben's movies, and had never seen his work, and this is the one to watch. I can't remember how exciting the movie was, the acting was great, and the plot brilliant. Ben is excellent as the father and master of the family. I love Ben's acting in this movie, and his beautiful performance in Notting Hill. He shows that he can act in any role he wants, and in fact, Ben is one of the greatest actors of all time.  Ben's final scene is to be remembered as one of his great performances, and to see him and Jimmy Stewart both in the same movie is truly special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the first film I've seen in which I have seen an acting master work. The performances of the two main characters are superb masterworks of subtle comedy, but they are brilliant in the extreme. The direction is masterfully crafted and wonderfully masterfully beautiful. The sets and the costumes are wonderful works of art, and the camera is beautifully situated and beautifully placed. It is a masterpiece of art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to see a good comedy, this is not too bad to miss, with some great supporting roles. The film is a great example of a comedy, it has a good story and it's very funny.  I also liked the acting of the lead actors, it was very natural and very funny to see them in a light hearted comedic role. I love the light heartened characters in comedy, I think it's the best part of the film.   Also I like the ending, which is so touching. It is very funny and I feel like it's been there all along. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, I think it's a great story. It is not about a story, it is about people and their thoughts. I thought it was very interesting and unique. I don't know if it is a good film, but I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing that strikes you about this movie is that it doesn't bash your brain like other "Whites" films do. The director keeps the audience in suspense by carefully introducing the audience to the different characters and situations in their lives. The end is surprising, but this is the beauty of the movie.  One of the masterpieces from the "Whities", and I think this movie will become one of the classics in the coming years.  I like the way the movie takes place in the old city and I also like the old, but new way of life in the streets. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not sure how I got so great at translating Chinese folklore to the screen...I loved "The Great Mantis" and "The Golden Child" but this is something special. It has a lot of good stuff and a plot that's unique. It doesn't get old, as it is very short and sweet. The characters are great, and the acting great. It's very exciting, and there are a lot different characters, so you can't expect to like it unless you're a big fan of Zhang Ziyi or the original "Mantis" films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "Vigilante" is a wonderful little fantasy action adventure. It's set in a time of magic, when a group of dwarfs and a witch meet in the woods. It is up by a dwarfs friend who has seen her first true love, who has become a "Vig" (a witch with a long tail) and is ready to take on the challenge. The movie is not just about dwarfs vs witches, the plot is actually very believable and the special effects fantastic, and the movie is fun to watch for those who like fantasy and a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Somewhere In Time" is the classic sci-fi movie. The main theme is the exploration of a "Time-traveling planet" which is now populated by various time travelers.  The movie also deals with a mysterious, mysterious, and "mysterious" nature of the planet, the time travelers, and the various "monsters" that inhabit it.   "The Secret Planet" was a very enjoyable, though a little slow. I was so intrigued by the movie that I went back to watch it again. It was still thrilling.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It was an absolutely brilliant film. It is a great mix of genres, and the actors masterfully pulled it off. It was well directed and beautifully filmed, and I personally loved the soundtrack, and saw the film for the first time, and still do today. I am sure the film was not intended to be a serious drama, but it still manages to be entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was an exciting movie to watch when I saw it in the cinema in 1993. I can still watch it whenever I want, as it has a plot that seems to come natural to me. It is also a good film to watch if you are tired of the movies made by American producers (mainly, European ones) and want something new. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, two of my favourite directors, Paolo Antonioni and Antonionij, take their ideas and bring them to the screen. The story takes place in the early days of Italian fascism, when it had all its problems and is about the struggles of young people and the way the country fell apart. The film has a kind of fatalism that is very typical of Antonionis' works, but in this case it's more like tragedy and not propaganda. I have to mention that the main character is a fascist, a very typical person who thinks that he should do something about this situation and tries to put his dreams into reality, but the Italian people keep on trying to put things into reality. This is a very disturbing film, a film about the Italian fascist past and the fascist present, in which every time we see someone we have to question him and ask him what he did with his life. Antonion has a very serious character, he's a real human being. And the fact that he doesn't talk about this subject in the movie makes me want to see this film again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I enjoyed this movie and would recommend it to anyone interested in learning how to act. The main problem I have with this movie is the way it shows the human side of the characters and the events.  It is very informative and gives you everything you need to know about the main characters and their lives in an attempt to show the human story.  This is a must see for anyone. If you want to learn about the story of the main character, then watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out with a great deal of great humour. The actors are great, especially David Hasselhoff, who plays the lead role. The film isn't as dark as the film it is, which is something I am glad about. The plot of the movie is a good mix of comedy, action and drama. The script is good and the lines are great. The action scenes are great too. I really liked the ending of the film.  Overall the movie was great fun. If you liked the first movie and liked this one, you will enjoy it. If your looking for something that isn't so dark, go for it.   8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film! This is my first time posting a comment about a great film. I have to say that this is one of the masterpieces. In the beginning it is a very interesting story, but it keeps masterfully beautiful beautiful and touching. The actors are good and the story masterfully crafted. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. I love this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love the idea of a good story, but this one is very different. A couple of years ago I went to a screening of this movie and it was one of my favorite. It was so inspiring and beautiful. I don't want to spoil the story, because I have to keep my own secrets, and so do you.   The story is a very beautiful, emotional story about a couple of friends who are coming back from the dead, and their journey to their reunion. Their journey will be a long one, but the ending is very beautiful.  I was surprised by the beautiful ending, and I am so glad that it stayed with me.  The acting is great, the story is great. The music is great (I hope it was chosen by someone well-known for his work). The beautiful, sweet music is a beautiful tribute to the talented Italian song "La Piazza del dio cannibata" by Ennio Morricone. I have watched this movie many times, and every time I watch it I feel my whole body jump a little.  If you enjoy movies that are emotional, this is the movie for you. I recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie when I was in the process of learning how to adapt to new cultures and appreciate life in a different light.  This movie reminded me of "The Naked Kiss", as both of those films deal with a very depressing topic and in the end achieve the same thing.   This is a beautiful story that portrays the journey of a man's awakening and his struggle with his own identity as a result.  The ending touched my heart as I knew what the end of the film was going to be all along and was in tears. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed the first 10 minutes of the film, but soon I was captivated. The images of the children, the birds, the animals and the nature itself became vivid and unforgettable.  The story is a very human-centered one, although I can't help but feel that this is an issue that the human world has dealt with long ago. It is sad when you see a mother taking care of her baby and the child.  This film is a great message of nature, and if it were not for the magnificent landscapes and the beautiful music, this movie would be one of my 10 favorite films ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful little horror movie that has a very good storyline, and also a very chilling atmosphere. The director does a good job of blending both genres together to make this great horror flick. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As the title suggests, this is a classic, yet very well-acted and well-directed horror film. The opening scenes are very creepy, but there's still plenty of atmosphere and suspense to keep you watching. A couple of characters have great insights about what's going on and the acting is superb. This is the type of film that you want to see every day! I love it, it's a great horror film, but it's not so much that you don't want to watch it again! I recommend this film to those who want a good scare and are open minded and who want to know what the real dark side of the world is. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen a lot of bad movies, but this one stands special. It is a wonderful and unique movie. The acting is great and the story great. It has the same plot, different cinematography and great performances. I recommend this movie to everyone interested in a movie that has a good story and great acting.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an actor who grew up in the 40's and 50's I remember my first big role, and this was it. I can't remember the first time I saw The Prodigy (which I saw when I was 16), and I can honestly say it was the greatest movie I've ever seen. I watched it with my friends in a movie theater.   My favorite scene was at the beginning when the mother (Bette Davis) tells the father (Walter Huston) that she loves her daughter, and he must stop being a father to her. My mother said that she would have to marry her daughter's sister (Vivienne de Carlo) and that she was getting too old for her to marry someone else. I didn't hear the word "marry" when the father stopped loving his daughter and asked his wife to get a divorce, and I would never have seen it if my mother hadn't said the word. I also loved the scene where the father gave his daughter his Bible verse to read. It says, "Let all the earth serve the Lord" which I think was a very profound statement.  I was surprised that this movie is so underrated and so misunderstood. I don't think I will ever forget it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a wonderful movie with a plot that has been thought through and is actually quite good, but the acting is great and the music is lovely. I love the music, the beautiful cinematography, the great cinematography and also the story itself.  I would like to say a few words about this movie, it is very simple and I recommend to anybody interested in watching a film with good plot and good music. It is not an over complex movie, its a very good movie and i am looking for it on the DVD menu. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen "Climb By Sea" many times, and it is one of the masterpieces. The only problem I had with "Clambili" is that it is too dark and serious. The actors and the audience, masterfully handled, beautifully reflect the story's complexities. The beautiful cinematography, superb costumes and the masterfully nuanced score are masterpieces of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes was the opening sequence. It was shot in the early morning on a small Italian island. I was sleeping that night, and the sound effects and ambient lighting and the lush score really set the mood for the next hour. The film was beautifully composed and edited, and it really captured the essence of the island, the people, and even the time period.  The other scene I especially enjoyed was the very intense close-up of the young lovers, which made me physically sick. The lighting was fantastic, and there was no sound or camera shaking, and I could tell the actors were all really enjoying themselves, and that's the reason why I had so little urge to go to bed and was so disturbed by their reactions.   The plot is very believable, and so is the acting, especially from the leading actors. It's not all about a love story, but about a young girl with a mysterious past. Her father died young, and her mother remarries, and she's left alone. Her grandmother is very old, and does nothing for her daughter, so she goes to her daughter's grave. She doesn't know how to handle the situation, and tries to put her life together, even though she can't. She does well, and eventually she gets a job as a tutor for an old lady in need of help, but as the time passes, she starts to change her tune. The old lady, who is the one responsible for the death of her daughter in the graveyard, is also very suspicious. The grandmother who helps out with the care for the young lady is the grandmother in the film, and as the film progresses, we see the change in her.  It's an absolutely beautiful film, but it's still a movie. I'd suggest you don't miss this one, and enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the master of the movie, and it is a great acting and great directing. The plot is solid, the directing brilliant, and the direction masterfully works on the movie. The best part of the film is the end credits. This is what Hollywood should always remember. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of the masterpieces that Hollywood used to create, and although this is not one of them, it is one that Hollywood never forgets, and certainly not one that is ever boring. The plot of this film is so great, it's wonderful and beautiful, and the actors are some of the best in the business. The whole movie is a beautiful masterpiece of cinema.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like me then you'll love this film, but if you don't then I'd say you are really, really missing the point. This is not a film about a bunch of characters with great back stories, but about one extraordinary story. I don't know if you've seen it or not, but it's worth checking out. I can't think of a more perfect film to tell the story.  The actors, the director, brilliant direction, beautiful cinematography, stunning camera shots, stunning lighting, brilliant acting. It's an amazing film and I have no doubt that you will like it. If you want to know what the story of the movie is all about, then you will see the DVD bonus feature, where you can find the movie and download a copy of the book, "Of Human Bondage". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has a very good plot. I like it very much and will be buying it as soon as it comes out. The film also has a good ending. The acting is great and the film is very good and entertaining. I recommend the movie to anyone who likes to watch great movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very good film. It was very entertaining, very beautiful and very creative. It made me laugh, it made me mad, it was romantic, and it was shocking. It shocked me, too, and I hope I have enough words to convey how shocking this film is.  I love movies that are entertaining. I don't think this one will win any awards. This is a nice, realistic movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised by the beauty of this film. The cinematography masterfully captured the essence of the film in beautiful Technicolor. The score was beautiful, the camera shots beautiful, and the beautiful Technolite color in which the story was filmed was amazing. This film made me feel that it was a real story. It was the story of a family of four and their struggles to overcome hardship and illness, not of an American family struggling to make it through a middle age crisis. The cast were strong, but i am still unsure about the performances of each actor, and hope to see all of them on the screen. This is one of those films that you do not expect to see when you see it in the cinema, it will make you think, this is real, and I am not. I am glad that I saw this film, and am glad it was not too much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best film of the series. The acting is excellent, especially the lines, which are beautifully written and acted. The story is strong, with good performances from all the actors. It is a very emotional story, and can be very depressing at times, but it is a tale that needs to be told. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember when I was a kid I went to see a movie at the local cinema when it came out. But when it became released it was quite different to what I had expected. It wasn't too much about a sports movie, but it was a very good movie. It had good action, good special effects, good character development and a good plot. I was in love with the film, which made it great. It still does now. I still would like to be able to see this movie again, but I don't want to ruin it for anyone else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was directed by noted British director Michael Caine and it shows a young man's struggle for the future, which he has no control over. In this film he tries to find out more about his life in his hometown, which is a very depressing place. The story is very realistic and the film is very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie on DVD last year and wanted to see it again. It's still one of my favorite movies. I've seen it at least 5 times. The plot is very unique and the acting masterfully captures the mood of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the first half of the film for a couple of years now. It still haunts me. I mean, it's a scary movie. And it's not a great horror movie, either, but it's fun. I'm going to miss it. And this is a good start. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an era of "The Shop Around the Corner" and "Fistful of Dollars", we all thought this was a movie that would bring us all together in one big, unified world. Well, in "Kung Fu" it's a movie about how to deal with a problem that doesn't have a cure and, that is, to make the world better by focusing on one person at a time. It's a formula that works when the characters in the movie are well developed, but they never let you down, but you just have to keep on trying to figure them out. But once you find out who they are, there's still some kung fu fighting going on and a couple of new surprises.  I give this fantastic movie a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this in the early 80's on a trip back to Philadelphia. It was my second time in a row seeing the movie after a previous experience on a bus with my sister (who was in the audience) and I. The movie was exciting and I was fascinated by the storyline and the acting.  I think the movie is a masterpiece of the early 30's. It is the kind of film that was never made again (although I know it was not that kind of movie). It shows the kind that is so rare that it is treasured by its fans and a must see for all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a lot of fun watching this film and it was a good way to see the new generation of Asian actors. It has a new meaning when you watch it. I can't wait to see how this film can be a new way for Asian actors to show their talent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you don't know who these two are, then you will probably not have seen this movie at all!  The acting is great, and the beautiful cinematography great. I give this master piece a perfect 10/10. A wonderful story, beautifully directed.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie, especially considering how hard it is to find copies of it. I haven't seen it on TV, nor do I know of anyone who has seen it.  If anyone of you has seen this movie please post a review about it, I would really appreciate it. The movie has a lot of good acting, but it isn't like "The Godfather", "The Good Fellows", or "The Out Of Towners", it is a well crafted masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not sure how I missed this wonderful gem. A very poignant, beautiful film, it is a great reminder that life is precious and we should all have the courage to love and care for one another. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea of a love story is a good one and the ending of this movie is very romantic and touching.  I saw this movie when it first came out in 1988. It is an absolute master piece!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a great horror film. I have to say, this is one of the masterpieces of the genre. It is not an accident, it works brilliantly. It's one of those great masterpieces that you cant see again and you cant get it again. This is a movie that, like the great master, has a very strong plot and a great ending. But it is a suspenseful and beautiful horror movie that will surely scare the heck out of you. The atmosphere is dark, and the plot is strong. The direction is brilliant, and also the soundtrack perfectly suited to the movie. It really made me jump and jump. It made me feel so scared, so disgusted, and so angry. It was like being in a dream. The ending is a very shocking and shocking. It gives you chills and makes you angry. I was really scared for the whole time. It will definitely make you jump, and if you are scared for a second, you will probably jump. So be prepared to jump, don't hesitate. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. The only drawback is that it was shot in dark, very natural colours and with great attention to detail.  I'd like to see this movie again, this is the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I was watching this movie, I got the chills from every one else in the theater, from people who had only seen the movie once or twice. I am not one to get the chilling pleasure of watching this wonderful movie, but am very happy with the idea of seeing the movie again. It will make a better impression on all audiences.   If you have a soft spot for a soft-core movie, or a film that focuses on the relationship between a mother and son, you will love this movie.  I am glad I saw it again, because I still love it, and am waiting for the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been meaning to watch this for quite some time. I had to see it at the Toronto International Film Festival (where I was to receive an award) and I was blown away by the beauty and brilliant cinematography. The use of natural light in some scenes, especially at night, was breathtaking. The setting is beautiful and the cinematography beautiful. The lighting is great and the use of the blue and green colors in some parts was stunning. The cinematography is beautiful. I recommend it to anyone interested in independent film. I am so glad I did see it and was able to see a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Wedding Crashers" is a great little movie with great acting and a decent story. The main character, a guy named Nicholas, plays a wacky scientist who comes into a relationship with a girl named Anna who is planning on getting married to another guy for his birthday.  But when the wedding is the day, Nicholas comes to the hospital, where Anna is being treated for her recurring bouts of headaches and nausea. He is taken by the hospital staff and stays in the hospital as they wait for the wedding to take place.    The story follows a group of four doctors who are working together on Anna's case. They are joined by an incredible supporting cast, including a great support actor who plays the hospital's resident psychologist and a doctor with an ulcer. The supporting cast are also great, with Anna's sister (a talented young actress) who is also a good supporting actress. I found this movie a little slow paced. I also liked the fact that there were several flashbacks to the previous day, which seemed to me to be a little pointless. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an entertaining but flawed film, with plenty of action and violence and a somewhat more naive look at the relationship of two young actresses, with a very different upbringing. It is based on the true story of the real-life relationship of the two women, and there is some excellent footage in this that was used in the film in its original run, but it is not overdone, nor is the film over-the-top, and the violence is graphic, and shown without any blood.  There are some interesting visuals, and you can tell there are some pretty good people who may be interested.   There is not a lot of slow scenes, but there are lots of fast-moving shots, so that is not an issue. The story has some rather intense moments, but they are few and far between.  Overall, a good film, and not the worst great film of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this film. It was great and it showed how talented and beautiful the cinematography was. The cinematography is great and the beautiful soundtrack perfectly suited to the mood of the movie. The ending alone makes this movie a must-see. I wish I could give the movie a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm glad I don't have to say any more. This is a wonderful film, a fantastic movie, and I'm sure that many people are going to be moved by the sheer beauty and artistry of this film. I am sure that the people who made this film are now moved by what they have seen, by what the message of this movie is, by the beauty of this story. And as I have said, it is not just beauty or artistry that is moving the audience, but what it is that I feel is so important in life.  I will admit that I have to take my daughter with me, so that we can watch the movie again together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a wonderful, original and great film. It was a very entertaining but short, sweet, funny, and very sweet film. I can't really remember the last time I saw it. I do remember the time it was played on HBO. I would have to guess I was about 4 years old, and the lines seemed to be very natural and very real. I was surprised that such an old man could have such great insight into this world. I wish he and all the actors did an excellent job! I really enjoyed it, but there were times when it seemed too forced and not real enough. I recommend this movie to anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It was a great idea and a great movie. I've seen it about 2 or 3 times now. I can't seem to get into it and just watch it. The story itself is really cool and I can see why some people hated it.  My favorite line in the whole movie was when the characters were talking about the end. It reminded me of the end of the great war. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I remember watching this on TV when it first aired, and it was so gripping. I still can't remember a more uplifting and uplifting film. And I was moved to tears, and the acting was beautiful, and everyone moved with such realism that I was not able to stop laughing. I wish I could, I wish that I could.  I hope one day that this film will reach the same level of success as Rain Man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is based on a true story about the relationship of a father and son who meet on a hiking trail.  The father is a hunter and his son is a photographer.  Both have a lot of potential and want to learn from each other.   This is a story of the two men and their interactions.  I have seen it many times and the actors are all familiar and very believable.  It is hard to say how the movie is different from other movies in that respect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is simply stunning in its realism, although its subject is a woman of the upper-middle class. The script is stunning, with some great dialogue and a beautiful scene with a trainee in a field hospital. The film has many beautiful and shocking scenes, and I highly recommend this film to anyone interested in film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the touching, romantic, romantic story of a couple that meet in a train. They go from a train to a plane, then to their home in the countryside and finally to their destination of a ski resort. While there, the couple find each other and have a good time.  It is a romantic story, but it is not for everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great things about this movie is that it was made in the sixties.  It still holds up today, despite all the negative reviews, the "Hollywood Code" and the many modern movies that are supposed to be about "The Sixties."  This movie is still very good. It has good dialogue and great camera shots.  One must watch this movie for the great acting of the actors and the great music.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Titanic" (1917-1917) - a very small, almost independent film - features a magnificent cast of actors (Boesman,Powell,Rogers,Lahr,Watson,Dresser,Lang,Loehlin,Buhl,Grafitt,Wong,Pulpolo,Skelton) who all do a fine job, although the script is weak and the direction masterfully directed. It is a great story, but it also lacks a bit of romanticism, since the main character (Boehling) has his own romantic feelings towards a girl who is the object of his affection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really funny and is very very, very strange, but this is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.  The plot is very funny and it makes me laugh. It is one that I hope I will see a lot in the next years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film about 15 years ago, when I was 20 years old. It's one of my favourite films of all time, and I think it's still one of the 10 most underrated. I think that this movie made me think that the story of how two young people become friends and work together was a very real and serious matter. That's why I had such a hard time accepting that the main characters were friends who had worked so hard together to overcome such a serious situation, and that's why my mother always wanted to talk to them even when she saw them on the street. This movie made us realise that not all human beings are selfish people, and not all people will always help people who are in trouble. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film as a young student in the late '80s, and I had to go back and see it again.  This was an incredible film, not only was it directed well, but the story is powerful and moving. It's probably one of the greatest films ever.  It was made on a shoestring budget and brilliantly captured some of the most depressing emotions and situations I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is based on a true story. It is a true tale about the life of a high school girl, Christina Applegate, and her struggles with her feelings towards her abusive father and mother. The film has been on TV and I have watched it numerous times. I have seen it many times.  The story is not very complicated. Christina is bullied by her peers and teachers. She is not popular at school, and she is not a hater of her mother's. She was an ordinary girl. Her father had an affair. Her mother did not.  Christina has had to overcome a lot in her life. It started when her mother, the principal, committed suicide. I don't know if that is what drove Christina to her father's apartment where he killed himself. I hope so.  I have been trying to understand what happened in the apartment. I understand that it was his mother who killed herself. I thought that was what the movie was about. I'm not sure what that was all about.  It is very sad. The story may seem confusing and confusing, but I will keep it to myself and try to understand it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a man discovering his passion for surfing through a strange and very dangerous part of the Pacific Ocean is a compelling one. The characters in this film are all very familiar with the surfers and the dangers they face.  The film opens with an interesting and sometimes puzzling scene. One by one, the characters go through a dangerous day at the beach. There are plenty of surprises and suspense. The story is told very well, and is the second part of a series. The plot is very realistic and very interesting.  A must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very heartwarming, but tragic movie that shows the power of the human spirit in all its beauty and cruelty. The ending will leave you in tears and you will have to watch this again and again. It is the first time that I have seen a film about the treatment of animals, and it is the saddest and most heartwarming film that I ever saw. I hope that this will make a part 2 and 3, because I don't think there is any more to the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was brilliant. It told a very interesting story about a very strange case. The film is a must see for anyone. The main actors are very good. The special effects are amazing and beautiful. It really was great great movie. I have seen the movie twice and both times i have seen it i have not seen anything like it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that you have to go and dig through. The masterful script and beautifully crafted settings and settings, magnificent cinematography, brilliant settings, fantastic settings and magnificent cinematographic arrangements make this movie a perfect masterpiece. And you won't even notice it as it's perfectly natural, beautiful and perfect. It's the masterful way of dealing with the complex topic of suicide. A subject which is rarely dealt with in movies, and it's a subject that is very emotional and very complicated. The actors are very believable and the settings and cinematography brilliant. I have never seen a movie dealing with this subject before, and the way the characters are portrayed in this movie makes me want to delve deeper into the subject.  This movie is about a young woman's attempt to live her dreams, and this movie is the first time that a movie with this theme has been made. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes to see movies dealing with suicide and the subject matter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was Excellent and it surprised me when i was 10. The movie reminded me of some of my favourite American films.  I love all of the children in the movie. I would rather watch a movie about them than any other movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie that I have seen and that I will not be able to forget. It was written, directed, and acted perfectly well by all the actors, especially by the actor who played the role of a man that was able to make a believable movie. The best part of the movie is at the end when it is playing in the woods and the whole movie is great.  My favorite scene is at times when the man is in the house alone and he is playing the recorder. I love the scene in the hotel when the woman was having a good dream. I like the scene where the man was in the bathroom.  I recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the original version of the movie. It was filmed in 1948, and the story is one of those rare "B" films.  In this version, the story goes as it should be; the action is terrific great great, and you feel the action and the camera are amazing. The acting is great and the film is beautiful, and it's surprising that it didn't get better when it was released. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only flaw in this movie is that it isn't a perfect story. A great story, brilliant performances from everyone in the cast and fantastic music from the likes of Pink Floyd and Steve Martin. The songs are beautiful and the acting is great.  8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tunnel Vision" is a masterful film of surreal horror that makes up for the shortcomings of the other films. The actors and the director create a perfect mix of terror and wonder that will take you to a new dimension. The story has been turned upside down in this film, it now makes a great point of view. The characters have incredible individual personalities. The plot is creative and very thought provoking. The suspense is strong, the images and the sounds fantastic. The music, fantastic, and very dark. A perfect blend of "The Sound of Music" and "The Awakening" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The title is a spoiler. I am a big Ramones fan and was excited to see a film about the band that I used to be a fan of. But wow, brilliant performance from all involved in the film. If you liked the first film, I suggest you check this one out.  If you are looking for a movie with tons of great music, and lots of great laughs, I recommend this one.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is one of those movies that you never heard about and you probably never saw the movie. It is a great movie and I am surprised it got so much great reviews. I think everyone has to see it, especially the non-Asian viewers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "A Matter of Life" is a romantic comedy about two families. One is the typical Japanese family, with an uptight salaryman husband who is obsessed with his family's fortune, and is ready to be married to a girl he doesn't love. The other family is an American family, whose husband has made a big mistake. He has fallen for a woman he doesn'nt know, and has lost his family, and his life. The two people who are unhappy in this family are forced to find something to keep them together.  "Kirihito" is an original Japanese movie. I highly recommend this movie, especially if you like romances, and enjoy the original Japanese story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have to say I enjoyed the first one a lot. The first was good, but the second was great. I don't think this is a bad movie, but I don. I loved the first, and i think the second one was better. The plot was good and the acting brilliant, and the story was great, the cinematography beautiful and the great acting great as well. It has the same kind of great atmosphere as the first movie, and that's the best movie I've ever seen.  I'm very happy about this movie, I can't wait to see the next one :) 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a lonely woman being stalked by a mysterious and deadly force is as intriguing as it gets. The film is full of stunning images, stunning music, and great acting. The ending is very suspenseful and you feel what the characters are feeling and what they are seeing. It's an unusual film with many unusual visuals and suspenseful atmosphere. It has a very creepy feeling to it. The cast is very diverse and very interesting. The beautiful Fall shots alone give a chilling effect on the viewer. It is one of the very best horror films ever made. It also has a strong sense of tragedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen a lot of movies about animals and the animals rights movement, and they are not what this is not. I love watching documentaries about the animals and have also been frustrated by the treatment of animals, and this is a good film. I watched this movie for the first time, and found it inspirational. I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was a wonderfully layered and fascinating movie about the evolution of a fox family living in the mountains of Georgia. The animals (mainly the foxes) were interesting, but the story of how they came to be living alongside the human family was also very interesting.  This movie was not only entertaining in the usual way, with a good story and decent acting, but it also had great story and great acting. It is also nice to see the foxs as a family, and it was great to see them being a part of the story, which I did not see in any other movie.   I am so glad I saw this movie, I would have given this movie a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am an avid fan of the great James Bond movies. I am a huge James Bond fan and have watched the films and TV show "Bond" since my childhood. I enjoy all the movies but this is one of masterpieces. It is a great story with lots of action and suspense. I would have to rate it very high to give it an honest opinion. It has an action and it is not boring and not a film that will go down in history as one of the greatest James Bond films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes is the one where a man finds his lost love in a bottle and he starts to cry and his wife comes in and takes him back to her apartment and they find out that he has an alchemist in town who is able to heal his wife's blindness.  The scene where the man starts to look at the empty apartment with his wife and sees that it is his blindness that has returned is the touching moment of a lifetime.    Another great scene is the scene where he finds his wife is having an affair and she finds that he is indeed having an an affair with a woman who has also lost her sight and can cure her blindness. She is a beautiful woman with nice eyes, nice legs, and good body hair. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an enjoyable film. I was surprised at the acting, directing and cinematography of this film. It is a simple story with a simple message.  The first two hours are great. The story is simple and straightforward. The movie is beautiful, has great performances by the leads, a simple and beautiful story and beautiful cinematography.   The ending is touching and uplifting. The film has a simple approach to the end. The last part is a good ending. The next time i will see this movie will be in a small theatre with a big crowd. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am very pleased with the great movie and feel that it is a MUST SEE! If you love the first one of these two then you will probably not enjoy this one as much as I did.  I give this movie 10/7 stars out of 5. The movie is beautifully filmed and beautifully cast. It is the first film in the series and I am glad that they didn't use more footage and edited this great masterpiece.   I enjoyed this movie a lot. It was enjoyable and I hope that I will get the chance to see the other two. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an interesting and very well done. The acting is great, the direction masterfully beautiful and the beautiful cinematography beautiful and entritling. I loved the scene where the old lady sings the lullaby of "A Nightingale" and the young girl sings the same song as the lady did in "A Little Nightingaloose". It was a lovely touch to the story and I hope that this movie gets a chance to be released on video or DVD. I'm not sure how this movie will fare on the big screen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces in the history of European horror and it should be viewed in the same way as a classic, not just a modern, version of a story. The plot is interesting and it has a good ending (the story) which will surprise the viewer. I personally don't know if this movie is underrated or if people think that the story is a remake of the story. I don't want to give any details, as the story was very good. I wish everyone enjoyed this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best documentary of the history of the Black family in the western world, and their struggle for freedom, can be found in the "The Black family" DVD, which features interviews with some of the most important and important figures in the Black community, from the Black abolitionists to the most prominent and influential Black political figures in America.    The "Black family" is a historical and educational documentary that has a lot of historical and historical value. This documentary is, in a word, amazing. It's not about people who are "bad", but about those who are so afraid to live the lives of normal people and follow the lives and traditions of Black people.  I have seen this documentary several times and it's always a big crowd.  Now, I'm not saying this documentary is the most accurate or definitive of the story, but it certainly makes me feel guilty to living the same way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a couple in their 20's, living their dream of becoming actors and writers, while their parents are both dead. What is this movie all about and why should I not see it? I had a great time seeing it. I have seen some of the older films and seen some movies that I think were good.  This is a good film. It is very well made. It has great performances and great dialog. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is so brilliant, I thought that the beautiful, magnificent cast deserved to be rewarded for brilliant performance. I found the best scene to be the first one in which the main character gets his wish fulfilled. Then the ending masterpieces masterpieces wonderful masterpiece. Brilliant. A must-see movie. 7.5/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I think this movie is unique. In fact, I would say that this is not the master piece of film. It is masterfully crafted. The actors work beautifully together and are great in that they play the parts of the movie with such authenticity and reverence that you would think that no one in the world could achieve such perfection. I really enjoyed this movie. I would love to see it again. If you want to see a great movie, I recommend "Maniac." I am not a big fan of the genre but I am a big one and that movie alone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First off, the movie is very funny! The story is great, the cast is great and the ending great. Also the ending is great! Very good, great comedy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great documentary. The acting is superb, the camera beautiful, and the editing masterfully captures the raw emotion and pain of people living in refugee-related communities around the world. The film opens with a young woman from Albania and her journey to the United States. As she sits in a car with her young child, she asks the driver, "Why did you come?" He tells her, "I am a Muslim." She asks, "What is your religion?" He says, "It is not that I am a good Muslim."  Then he turns to the camera and says, in all seriousness, "This is the greatest film I have ever seen." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this film when I was about eleven years old. It was a "romp", which had me in shock. It's one of the great British TV series of the eighties, and I don't know how old it is.   The story is set at a local high school. The teachers, who are a trio of old women who are all teachers in the town, are all the famous and wealthy women who attend this school. They are a very nice and friendly bunch, and are all very well educated and well paid. The school is run by a very wealthy family, with a history teacher and a history researcher, who both teach at the school. But what great mystery lies hidden in the history of the school and who knows what, the story of the mystery is revealed to the pupils.  So far, so good. The film has a lot of "spookiness", and there's not much of it, but there's enough of the real thing to keep things interesting. It can't be a complete mystery, I think, but it's a great mystery, and the performances are well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I'm sure I have to say I didn't enjoy this movie as much as I had expected it to be. The movie was well done in the main, especially the opening scenes, where you see the acting and beautiful cinematography and settings. It is also the great acting of the main characters, and great cinematography from all the characters. The great thing is that this movie is a great movie in general, and not a good one, as far as i am concerned. The film is definitely not in the same category as "The Last Picture Show" or "Good Luck Charlie". I recommend this movie to everyone who likes great acting, great cinematographic settings and great photography.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In the very first scene, the main character, the young woman, is shown in her childhood home with her mother and two older siblings. The scene takes place in 18th century Japan. It is then taken in 1853, and shows the events that surrounded the birth of the new Emperor, Meiji. The first scene takes on the subject of the Meiji era. The other scenes are more mundane. They show the Meiyar era of old Japan and the first years of the war. The scenes are of the Japanese army in battle with the invading forces of the United States and Britain. The last part shows the aftermath of the battle of Pearl Harbour and the American involvement in the war, as it is depicted by a American perspective.   I am a realist in the sense that I understand that it is the United Nations that is responsible for bringing the world to war, and not the Japanese government. However, I am glad that there are some people that realize this, because this is the truth of the matter. The realist view of the conflict is a view of how the United Kingdom and the United states, as two nations, have been involved in the conflict that led to the war in the first place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that I would watch over and over again if I could find the time to watch it. It is a well-made and unique movie with a good story line, a good music and an interesting concept. The movie is not like "Bunuel's Island" but it is similar in the concept and execution. It does not have the typical Hollywood hero and hero out to kill the villain.  The cinematography is good but the cinematography works very well in this movie. The story is very intriguing and you do not feel bored throughout the whole movie. I also liked the fact that the movie has a good theme song.  I like it because it has a nice concept and the movie does not look like typical Hollywood fare. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story of a girl who wants to go to the island where her father has died and has to find someone to take care of her. When she comes into the island and meets her uncle, who was the keeper of the island, she finds he's willing to take her into the jungle and show her how to survive.  This movie has a great beginning and a great end, with some great music. I enjoyed the ending a lot, but this is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched the movie for many years. It was in the 80's, the kind of movie you might find in a local flea market, or a movie rental place.  It was interesting and the acting was masterful. The film was so enchanting and stunning, I was stunned and stunned. The story of a high school senior and his life is one that I have been dreaming up for years. I can't even begin to describe how brilliant and beautiful this film is.  The cast was magnificent, from the kids, to the teachers, to me. The best scene in the movie was the end credits where everyone who had made such wonderful contributions was listed.  This movie was amazing. I had never seen anything more beautiful, beautiful, moving, and beautiful, and it was a tribute to the brilliant work of the kids. I still try to find the story, I know I will never find it, but I just keep dreaming.   The movie was well directed, and beautifully filmed. I am surprised how good the kids were. I have never seen anyone like them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A fascinating movie with the viewer in the dark about the nature of life and the struggles of a family of four (a mother, a father, a brother, and a sister) is shown in a nightmarish setting. The viewer is given the chance to ask questions. The movie challenges us to think, to question, to ask, to dig underneath our own assumptions about how we live and die.  This is a disturbing and terrifying movie. The acting is excellent, the camera is beautiful and beautifully captures the horror, the lighting amazing and brilliant, the use of sound as a theme to get the audience to question their own beliefs.  The story itself is very disturbing and disturbing. A mother is seen in her bed with a young boy, who is seen to be having a nightmare. The mother is awakened from the nightmare and is raped. A brother's wife is raped and raped. The sister's wife rapes her. The rape is shown.  A mother of four raped by her husband, raped by another man in his room.   The director, Pascow, does a great job of blending reality with fiction. The cast is excellent as well. The sound design is amazing, especially from the young children who are seen to play around with the mother's belongings.  Overall, this is a great movie. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really funny and sad, which is something that all good-natured people should see. I think that this is the movie that every single person should see at least once. It is a good story and you should try to get a copy of this movie. I'm not really sure why this movie isn't more popular. It's like a very touching and very honest documentary, which I think, is a very hard movie to find. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is bored of bad movies and people trying to find something to make them happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very enjoyable movie, even for a guy who has been in love with a bad guy in the past. It is not a cheesy movie, but it is fun to watch.  This is not as shallow as I thought. It has a very good story, and a good acting. The movie is very emotional, and I think that this movie is for people who have gone through a bad movie or have experienced serious loss. I like the acting. My favorite scene was when Samantha and the other chick in the movie were talking about how they have been together for a long time and their thoughts were about their future.    My rating: 5/5 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Fistful of Dollars" was written and directed by Otto Preminger. The story of a businessman who gets rich by winning a lot of poker games. But when he discovers that the man who he's betting with is a relative of his, he loses everything and leaves for the big city.    There's not much to say about the story, as it is pretty good. There are a few laughs, but nothing too heavy, so there are not really great special effects. The good performances are by the late Sam Jaffe and William Kattan. The rest of the cast is pretty strong, with the exception of the three ladies in the film (the aforementioned Ms. Jaffe, Ms. Kattnan, and Ms. Harrold). I highly recommend this film, especially for those who enjoy a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the perfect companion piece to the film. It's a fascinating look at the lives of a pair of brothers and their struggle to survive in a post-apocalyptic world. The film is based on a true story and the story is a compelling one. The movie was directed by Brian Yuzna, who also directed the acclaimed film "Mighty Morphin", and the writing and acting is by James T. Flocker.  The cinematography was magnificent and it is the second film in which Flocker has directed. The story itself, as seen in "Morphin", is set on the desert and the characters' struggles to survive. The cinematographic side of the film was truly breathtaking and I've seen it many times.  I loved the acting from all the actors in the film and I especially loved the story from the main character, which I assume is inspired by the real story of the two brothers. It seems he really struggled with his brother's death and he was lonely in the end. I really appreciate how the brother's will to live was stronger than his brother and he's been lonely since he lost his brother. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As much as I am a big Sam Peckinpah fan, this is a must see! It's the first film that I saw that wasn't on the level of a masterpiece, and the second is also great. It shows the diversity of the different characters in the film, with Sam Peckinspah's in particular, and I found it to be more realistic than the other Peckinpadah's efforts. The script is also well written and the film is well directed, although it has some flaws. I would like to point out that the music in the soundtrack is too intrusive, the plot is interesting and the characters are well developed. This is an unusual film, but it is definitely not as bad as Peckinpoah's later efforts. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really beautiful, sweet movie with a good story, especially one about a young woman who falls in love with a handsome, older man. In order to keep their love, she must stay faithful to her fiancé, who is trying to do his best to make her a better woman. However, her stepmother (Brigitte Lin) is a very old woman, and has lived with her own thoughts. She is not interested in her daughter's relationship with her father, and she does not think the daughter is mature enough for marriage, so she has to make a move to prevent the marriage.  This movie has many plot elements and surprises, and the audience is never left in doubt whether or not something is going to happen next. The scene where the two girls are sitting in the car and the car is stopped at a red light, while the older woman is speaking to her daughter, is a perfect example of how this movie works. The movie is a beautiful film that is good for all. I love it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of an Italian immigrant who makes his way through the country in the early sixties, and returns to his native town, his birthplace, his family and his wife's family home to his village in the village. He lives his quiet life as a house painter, and a man's dream of a life on the sea and an adventure of discovery takes him. This is not the typical 'explorer' film. It is an emotional tale of people who have never been able to find a place to call home, and their dreams of freedom. The film focuses on the lives of these dreamers as they attempt to gain a place of their own.   The film is well directed and well photographed, with good use of a lot of natural light. It also contains a strong anti-police message, which should not be missed by the audience.  I have a feeling that this film was made in the beginning, and was one of those rare Italian films that the film industry was not able to make because of its budget, good use, great cast, excellent use of colors, excellent editing, masterful workmanship. It was not so much the story itself, but it was the Italian people's dream to find the sea, freedom and a place for themselves, and perhaps one day the whole world would find them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts with a bang! A meteorite falls in the Pacific Northwest and a huge amount of underground water is unleashed. A meteor hits the ground and starts a massive flood. This is a truly beautiful and natural-looking film! This is the first film where I have seen both Richard Attenborough and the late director Douglas Sirk. I found it to be both stunning and awe-inspiring.  The only drawback I found is that I found the characters to be somewhat stereotypical, but I am not sure how that could be. Attenboro is a great actor, Sirk's performance is superb and so is the acting of all the actors in this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Stuart" is the story of two men who play in a small Swedish village and try to escape their life in the city. The movie is interesting in the beginning, and we see the first scenes from the beginning to the end, and in the end we are all together happy.   This movie has good moments, it is a very short movie, but there are some nice scenes in the movie, like the scene where the man in the train is going to ask the woman if she had a relationship with the girl, or the scene with the girls in the street.  It is really worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is in a way similar to "Saving Private Ryan", except that "Ryan" is a heroic figure in this movie who saves the day in the end, not in the way that he goes about saving it.  The acting in the movie is fantastic, with great performances by John Lithgow and Robert Culp, but also great performances from the other actors, such as Cillian Murphy, as the guy who discovers the treasure.  My favorite scene is at the beginning when the treasure hunters go in search of the treasure and John finds out it's a fake one.  This is one of those movies that you watch once and then get really excited about. It's an old movie that's easy to forget, but I'd say it's worth watching several times in a row to get the full effect of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is based on the true story of one of the first female painters in history, and the story is a fascinating one. The story is based around a woman named Sisley (Meredith Baxter) who visits the country estate of her grandmother (Marianne Cox). The story goes in the family home of the family of the deceased Sisly (Cox). The home is in a state of neglect and neglect and the family is neglected. The mother, Anna, is an old, sick and very emotional woman. When Sislin visits the home she is drawn to and falls in love for the mother. There are two sets of stories. One is the true one. And the other is the alternate one.  The acting is top notch, the music is very beautiful, and there is great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of my all time favorite Twilight Zone episodes. It was a very strange mix of elements that never happened in the series and something that I can never remember as being so weird as it was. The story itself is not a story at all, but an amazing one. The acting, cinematography, settings and settings are wonderful and wonderful. The performances of the characters are amazing and I have seen them all, I know them all. I have never seen anything like this before. I am very surprised how great this episode is! I am so glad that it is available. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film has a good story and a good plot. It is an interesting film with very good cinematography. The film follows a group of high school students as they struggle with their dreams. It's interesting how the film depicts high school life as a place where nothing is routine and everything can happen at any minute.  This film could have used some dramatic scenes to make it more serious but it works wonderfully. The cinematography master works wonderfully and I am glad that there isn't more of him to do more work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie very much as a first film, but the second time around it wasn't as great as the first time. It was a much better story and I would recommend this movie to any person looking to see something new. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film of Robert Redford is a rather light, if predictable, film about a couple of friends and their attempt to get the same old friend involved in the activities of their fathers, who is dying of cancer and whose life expectancy is only six weeks. Redford and co-star Peter Falk have very good chemistry. The two are so great together that you cant take your eyes away. This film isn't heavy-handed, nor does it bore you. Redfield shows his versatility in both comedic roles and in dramatic scenes. The film is not for the faint of heart. The viewer is taken in by the humour, the situations and the characters. Redwood's style is very light and realistic. The humour is so natural that it can be seen with a casual smile. Falk and Redford are so funny that they will be hard to resist. The story has many great lines, but they have a great tendency to clash with the tone of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in the summer of 1993 when it was finally released. It is a really good thriller and very strange movie. The actors are good but I don't know if they played them very well or what.  If you like the director and like his previous movies this will be a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie but i've seen many, many, films that were great and I've only seen this master masterpiece in a couple of years and i still love it.  So I thought it was time to update my opinion of it, i'm not a big Michael Moore fan, but this movie, in my opinion, was brilliant and masterfully crafted. I can't recommend this film to anyone else. I'm afraid that I will never get the chance to see this great film again, because of the success of "The Pursuit of Happiness", and Michael Moore in "Moore On The Roof".  This is a great movie that I am going to recommend to everyone, and everyone should see it. If you have the opportunity, you will be surprised! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this at the Boston film festival and really enjoyed it, and that's really saying a lot. I am not a huge Ben Stiller fan, but this is a very funny and creative movie with plenty of laughs and great lines. It is like "The Ben Stillery Show" meets "A Night At Bernie's" with a few laughs thrown in. The main character, a young programmer named Tim, is a bit on the over the edge. Tim is a young and restless programmer who dreams of becoming a sports writer, and ends up in the sports arena. Tim's dream comes true when Bernie, his former sports writer girlfriend, invites Tim to a sports game at Bernie's place, which he is so excited to see.   Tim plays the lead and he's really good at it, as Bernie's life of his own is slowly falling apart. His dream of becoming an editor and sports writer has come true, and the movie doesn't get much better. Tim tries his best to come to terms with the fact that he needs to go to college and start working again. But Bernie doesn't believe in him. The only way he can get Tim to see his own dream is to play the role of a judge who will take the case of Bernie's best friend, who has become a sports reporter herself.  Tim is the judge, and Bernie is the friend. Bernie is not the main character of the movie. He has a few lines in the movie, but they are the most important ones. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As an English teacher, I'm fascinated by the use of flash photography to make a story of the life of an English nobleman, but the use here is quite different. The scenes are well done, the colours vivid, and the camera movements inventive and interesting. It's like a great master film, although you know what I mean. The film doesn't use any graininess, which can ruin a good film, but it is full of life.  A great cast with John Hurt and Mark Strong as the two main protagonists. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As the title says this movie was my first experience watching the movie. It was one of the masterpieces from Mr. Antonioni's great career, with his films The Last Picture and The Bicycle Thief.    The story is a bit too long. I really enjoyed the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original story of the movie had great special effects and amazing special effects. It was also about the relationships between a mother (Brigitte Lin) and daughter (Lahr) that were not the normal mother/daughter type. The mother is a person that you never would expect to love. She is very thoughtful and loving.  The daughter is a little bit more normal and a little less happy. You would expect a mother that is a mess to be that kind of person.  This movie is not perfect. The acting is great and the special effects are amazing. This movie will make you smile and will make sure you stay. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was fascinating and I am looking forward to seeing the next installment, which was very enjoyable.   The actors were excellent especially David Cubitt and Ioan Gruffudd.  It was interesting to see how they dealt with all the characters.  There were so many funny moments and the overall movie was entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off I have to say that I saw this on the IMDB Movie List and I liked it very much. However, when I looked it up on my computer, I realized that it was a beautiful and original movie. So I checked it out and it was awesome.  I really enjoyed it. The cinematography was stunning and the cinematography great. The story was cool, and the acting was great. So that's a great compliment to the brilliant and wonderful movie!  I am really looking forward to the next movie! :)  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this series, and even though I am not fond of any of the series, I am very impressed by them all. I am glad that there are people out there who do not understand that the first one is not the only one, and that the whole series is not just one movie.  The other series, which I am more familiar with, was the movie with the guy. He is a great actor, but the best of his movie. The only one that comes to mind in this movie is the one in which he was playing a role that was not really played in the first movie. He did a good job as the father. The character is different from the first series, with him acting more like a loving father.  I am really happy with the whole movie. It was very entertaining.  My rating is 0/5. I give this movie an 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love that the first one was very simple and romantic, with all the flashbacks to past, or that the second one was all horror, or suspense, or a thriller. I loved the movie that was released on the same day, because I had already seen it on the day of my 10th birthday and I still do today. I still think it was the great story of an ancient Egyptian curse brought to life again, and it scared me to death.  It is a great movie, with great acting, great direction, great special effects, great visuals, great suspense, great atmosphere, great music, great locations, great costumes, great FX, great cinematography, great story and great acting... The great thing about this movie is that it is not like a classic, but it is very good and very creepy, so if you like a good scary movie, and like the great Egyptian curse, you will love this movie! I loved that movie and hope for more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that I really enjoyed this movie. The story is really very interesting and I think it is a very good and funny movie.  There is lots of humour, good performances, nice cinematography and good funny jokes. The movie is a nice little B-movie with a good script and good special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never heard of the show, and was very excited to see what the actors had to say. The show was good, the music great, and the acting wonderful. The series had a special effect, and it was very well done.  I would love to know what happened to the show after the first season. The next time I hear from ABC, I will contact the show's producer, and ask him to let me know if I can get a copy of the next episode. I would also like to know how the show has changed in the past two years. I am trying to get my sister a copy, but she is not in the mood to listen to my requests.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an excellent, dark and over-the-top horror flick that comes to life, and has it's share of scares, scenches, explosions, and other nasty effects, and the best of all it's one of the most highly recommended horror films.  I had heard of this movie, and when I saw it for the first time it was so good, I knew I had to check it out.  As for the story, it starts with a man and his little girl on the beach, where they meet a girl in the water, he touches her and starts to make his move, but when she turns to look at him he has disappeared and the next thing he is in a graveyard, all alone.  The girl is the perfect victim for this movie; the man, who is so creepy, is a real hero, and he will stop at nothing to keep his little girlfriend, but will stop when his friend comes and helps him.  This movie has a good ending, but if you are a horror movie fan, watch it.  7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have just finished watching this film for the first time and I enjoyed it very much, especially when I was in a mood for a change. The story itself is very moving, although not to the point of being tragic. The actors, especially the actors playing the "heroic" characters, were very convincing and I would recommend it to anyone who likes to see some good films, including films like "Bid Time Return", "The Bourne Ultimatum", and "Return to the Blue Lagoon". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie you don't hear much about anymore, but I can't wait for the next big Hollywood movie. I love it, but it was hard to find it. I've always been into the first one, so I wasn't expecting it, and it just seemed to fit in perfectly. The special effects and atmosphere are awesome. The film is full of surprises and suspense. The ending is the best ending I've seen, and I've never seen a movie with such great ending, and a great plot. I really hope this film comes out in theaters. It was a great idea.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the first time that I have seen this type of film from director Sam Peckinpah (I'm guessing this was his first real film). But it was a wonderful film. A very atmospheric, and beautiful film. Peckinpaah used his extensive knowledge of nature, and nature's beauty, to create a masterpiece that was awe inspiring, and it works on both nature and man. It seems that this is one of his best films ever.   The best part of the film is when Sam is standing in a water hole and he is surrounded by water and he drinks from it. It reminded me of the movie, "The Big Blue", starring Paul Newman, but was far more realistic and natural.  The plot is very interesting, but there are some interesting and interesting details that are worth mentioning. The acting is great, especially from the various characters. It is very good, and the story is very beautiful.  I enjoyed this film, and recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second in the series.  In "The Incredible Strange Film Show," our protagonist is David (played by Richard Belzer) and a very strange film is his first assignment, to find a movie with the words "The Amazing Strange Film" on the title.   Strange Film is like a classic film from the 40's and 50's. It's very strange and strange, full of fantastic special effects and a good screenplay.  It is a must-see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best film ever made in any form, in any medium. The story itself is so inspiring, that you can't help but find it endearing and even comical. I was blown away by the beauty and wit of the characters, their expressions, their smiles, and the great acting of the two main actors, as they played the lead roles.  The movie is very well-made, with an excellent script and beautiful cinematography, and it has an original and creative concept, not based on a movie, but a story.  I am glad that the director was not more successful in other projects, but this one he made it great.   This movie was great, but the next film he made in this genre is even better. I will watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  Aspect ratio: 1.35:1 (Panavision 1.75:1)  Sound format: Mono   Extras: Mono-colour (except for the monochrome and black and white) audio 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not going to lie, this is one of the masterpieces from my childhood, and it's probably the best I've seen.  The acting is masterfully diverse, and the story is very believable. The direction is beautiful, the camera beautiful, and great music.  It is interesting, and you will come to care about some of the characters. This is probably one of my favorite films, and my rating is zero out of five. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Gunga Din" is a short story that's told with style and conviction, but this time with a new meaning. The characters are very diverse, but so are the story, and it's an action packed, suspense filled movie. It has a lot of melodrama and it has many great special effects. It's a movie to watch when you need a movie that is good to look at. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Pleasantville" is a great film. The two main characters are the same. It isn't like a remake of "Patton", it is a very different story. I recommend this movie for all the right reasons. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is about a very good story of a very strange man who gets to know and fall in love with another strange and lonely woman who lives on the edge of a desolate and overpopulated area of Africa. In this strange story, the two meet and they fall in and out of love and make it their goal to be together forever.  This film, though, has taken the time to become somewhat of a cult classic. I was surprised with the plot, which was very interesting and seemed very natural. The pacing was very good and there were great performances by both Denzel and Kenneth Branagh and David Duchovney. Branagh was so powerful he played the role of the lonely African girl who's just waiting for someone to show her that she's not alone. Kenneth Brangham is also very good as the very strange and yet lonely middle child. Denzel, of course, is very good, but Kenneth's performance is simply amazing. The music is lovely, but not overdone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen many movies, and this one stands out. It is a very entertaining movie that makes you jump, it makes you laugh, it has a plot. You will laugh your way through to the end, and you will wonder how you did beautiful. I would recommend this movie to anyone. It does not glorify sports or try to glorify the "Dukes of Hazzard" type. This is a realistic movie. I like this movie because I believe it was made because people want to see something fun. I think everyone should see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a remake of the original story. I saw it when I was 14 years old and I had to rush out and see it again a few years later. The original story was not about witchcraft and the best that I know of the story is the one in the movie. I remember when I first saw it I was so scared. I had nightmares of witches and the other world and this is just another story.  I would like to see it and I am sure this movie will come out in the next couple of years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film, although I can't take my eyes away from the beautiful, well-made, and very believable movie. I don't understand why the story is so great. It's really so beautiful. I love the way the characters talk about their dreams. The beautiful cinematography is breathtaking and the cinematography masterfully captures the emotions of the characters. The acting is great, the story beautiful, and the beautiful story very real. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very good film and there is a lot of great acting. I especially like the music and the way it is sung. The actors are good, especially the girls, who are good at best. The plot is good and the whole story is good.  All in all, great movie, great music and great acting! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Old Dark" was one of the masterpieces in "Night Gallery" by Sam Peckinpah. Sam Peckkinpah directed the film from his home in Virginia, and he captured the essence of the film in "The Mother". The two films have the same plot, and they are quite different. The Mother is a mysterious woman, and Sam Peckinspah plays her in a film that doesn't have a title, and isn't memorable. This is the story of a woman who discovers her mother is dead. Sam's performance is one of his quieter performances. His work here is so perfect that it is hard to believe that this is Peckinpoah's first film. "The mother" is the main character, and her story is a story of discovery and mourning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A perfect match made in Heaven. This movie is so beautiful and uplifting that it has moved me to tears. I am glad that so many people have been able to see this magnificent movie. I hope that the movie will encourage more people to be active in their communities. The movie has many beautiful scenes and great performances. The scenes are so real and so beautiful that you don't have to take your eyes off the screen. This is a movie about community. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It has a very good plot. I don't think that most people could see it. It is funny, and has good songs in it. I like it a lot.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an amateur historian, I have to admit that, from the beginning to the end, I was impressed with this film, although the film has the virtue of being a very entertaining documentary. The acting was superb, and the music perfectly captured the mood of the times.   In the end I was moved to tears, as I watched these two men and the world, and to this day I still tear up at the scenes in the movie, which I will never forget. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed the first two parts of the movie, the acting was great and the plot was great, the great movie with great acting, great beautiful cinematography, great story, great atmosphere, great cinematography and great cinematographic stunning imagery, great performances and great story for a movie. I was amazed how well the director succeeded in this great movie. The story is beautiful and the movie is really shocking. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line is one of the best Hollywood film I've ever seen. The main actor is good, but there is also great support work from everyone. The cinematography is stunning and works perfectly together with the great performances from the main actors. The story is simple and clear. It's all about the story of a beautiful and friendly girl. The ending is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on TV last night and enjoyed it very much. The plot is not so strong as the movie and the actors are great, I like all the actors. The movie is good. The best movie i have ever seen in my life. It has the story of the woman who works in a bakery and the baker who is her mother.The movie is so good, I love the movie very much! I recommend this movie to everyone. I will never forget it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great story, a real-life horror movie with good-looking actors. It is scary, but at the end it leaves you scared and unsettled. I recommend this movie to anyone, with or out of the horror movie genre. I would love to know what people thought about this movie, so I can make a better movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love horror movies but this one is very good. The good part is the monster, which is a great mystery. The film has a very eerie atmosphere, and it's full of suspense and suspense. Also the soundtrack is haunting. The special FX are great, and the beautiful setting is eerie, and so is the beautiful cinematography great works perfectly together. This is a very good movie, very creepy and good horror.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great movie for a couple of bucks and a great cast of supporting players. In this movie the two main characters are well cast and do some great performances. In conclusion the wonderful film is enjoyable and I recommend it to anyone interested in a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original movie was a great film, but was not as polished as the other films I have seen. I am sure that there is a lot of fine humor in this film, which I am glad for. I have always been a big fan of the original movie, and have been trying to get the soundtrack for it ever since. I always found the movie to be a fun watch, but after hearing about this movie I was amazed! It is very entertaining, with a good plot and good acting.  It is a mystery, and it is a very mystery. I would have liked to have seen a lot more of it, and maybe have been able to track it down, but this wonderful film proved that not all mysteries are created equal. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the masterful masterpiece, from the story and the screenplay. It is full of great humour and wonderfully directed images, and it has a touching performance by Helena Bonham Carter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't see why people are complaining about this movie. I saw it as a child and I still have nightmares about the nightmare I experienced.  This is an interesting story about a guy who works in a factory and comes to his work place one day and asks his co-worker for help in fixing his machines. He also tells the co- worker that he has to stay with him for the night while he works on his machines and tries to help him out with his dreams.  The man in the factory who helps out the man and tells the man to take a bath and relax. The man, thinking he can get some rest, decides to take the bath and goes to a nearby house and kills the woman he works with, believing he will help him with his nightmares.  One of the great things about this film is that it's not in the usual "campy" story of a factory worker and his dreams of helping a factory that is full of the dreams of a couple of people, but in a real nightmare where the dreams come true.  I would recommend this film to anyone who wants a good creepy story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a romantic anime that was very popular in the 1970s. It is very sad that this is also not a typical American anime. It has very few scenes that are so romantic that it becomes difficult to take your eyes away. The only flaw I could see in this anime is that it is too sentimental to some extent. I love all the characters and the whole thing is great. It really has great characters in every aspect, very beautiful backgrounds, great animated scenes, great beautiful voice acting, great great music. This is the beauty that Anime has to offer. I wish that Anime was more of a reality show than a fantasy show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not going to write a review about this wonderful movie and I am sure that you are going to ask yourself the same question.  This is a classic. If you don't read the plot, you will be lost in the fantastic world of the film. The acting masterfully crafted a magnificent and creative film.  I loved this movie. I would love to read the book to understand why this is a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a lonely, young boy who, after his father's death, returns to his hometown to live a simpler life. There he meets a girl he sees as a child. Their lives are intertwined, and so are their lives.   The film is very short, and I recommend it to anyone who doesn't like to watch long films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is not a very great film. It's fun, it's very good. The music is beautiful, and the beautiful girls all have great performances, it is beautiful! The story is beautiful and full of great romance. I love it!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very fun movie. I've seen it on a few occasions in the past, but it still remains one of my favorites. It had the same humor as the other movie. It's a pity it didn't have the same plot. The two movies had different plots and it was fun to watch them both. This movie was fun and very cute.  This movie is probably one of the best sequels I've ever seen, and I would recommend it to any moviegoer.  I give it a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was just my first experience with this show, and it was one of the masterpieces of this show. I remember the first episode, where they were talking about the new show. It was so original, I was in tears, and could barely stop smiling when it ended, and I still can't take my eyes off the screen when I watch it now.  This show has grown so much, I am sad to say that I will watch it whenever I watch something, and will even watch the show whenever I want to, whenever I have the urge to laugh, even though I know this show is not really funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was amazed when I started watching this movie and I got more beautiful images from this movie. The story was good, the characters beautiful, and the acting great. I can't remember when I saw it. The music was beautiful. The scenery amazing. The beauty of the movie touched me deeply. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie if you have ever dreamed of becoming a child actor. It is full of adventure, humour, adventure, drama, a love story, and a tragic end.  It is like a great adventure with a great plot, but the audience can see that they are only puppets of the director. The story is realistic, and if you are able to watch it as a kid, you will realise what a good story this movie was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the first of two films directed by Sam Peckinpah. The story follows the life of a man with Tourette's Syndrome. In this film, Peckinpoah plays a psychiatrist and a person with Tourettes who is in the hospital with him and believes that the man is just a "dwarf" type of person with a history of violent tendencies.  The film is well-crafted, and although the story is predictable, it isn't without its flaws. For example, the way in which the flashbacks are filmed is beautiful and the way the story lines are interrelated in a way that makes it hard to follow.  Another strong point is that the flashbacks do not add any new information; instead, they add more details to the story. For instance, the film shows the man's hospitalization and the man in the next room with Touretes. It's important that the film keep this man's story in mind throughout the entire film, which means that the viewer will keep trying to follow him throughout the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a remake of the original film, with much more violence and gore. The plot is basically the same, but the script is different, the direction is different and the acting brilliant. This movie is a great remake, but i think it has to be seen to be believed. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was an excellent cast. A very talented cast, especially the lead actress (a very young Sisley) and the supporting cast. I especially enjoyed the way in which the story moves.  The music, which was very catchy and very appropriate to the time, was good. And I also enjoyed the music at the beginning, which I thought was very old. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first two thirds of this film were good. The rest was excellent as the movie develops more fully.  This is an unusual film and should be seen by those interested in this genre of films. The story is not really that unusual and the characters are not so odd.  The directing is well done. The editing is beautifully done and the music is good as the soundtrack is very good.    Overall, great movie and a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie tells a very interesting story of a scientist who is fascinated by the possibility of creating an artificial intelligent computer. This movie is a fascinating view of the interactions of the human and the computer. The story is also told in a way that is comlex, but it's not hard to follow.  A good summary of the movie is "It's not easy to understand". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first heard about this film about six years ago, and I am a huge fan of this director. So was I not expecting much, but then I got a chance to see it again. And I am glad I did.  But I was still impressed by this brilliant film. It is not an over-the-top action-adventure film as one might expect from a young American director. It's a very good, believable and very stylized story that has some great moments.  The acting is very good. All of the actors except for the one who played the role of Jack are believable. The direction is excellent. The camera is great. And the brilliant cinematography brilliantly captures the story and the action. This is the first film that was shown in New York City on the Mplex channel, and that is rare.  It has the feel of a documentary, as much as that of a movie. The acting and cinematography are so great, that the film seems to have been masterfully crafted by the director to show his audience the best side of the story. But that is all I can say. Great movie.  9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie follows the lives of three friends in their early 20s and how their lives are intertwined. It is set in a small village in the Black Hills of South Dakota.  One evening, as a group of young people are relaxing in a nearby river, the river is suddenly flooded with a torrent of water.  The flood is so intense that everyone is evacuated and the villagers, as well as the surrounding area, are forced to evacuate their homes.  What follows is a struggle for survival and the townspeople are on the run for their lives.  A well-acted and well-directed movie that has been available for years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I first saw this movie when I was about 12 years old. I remember vividly the first time I saw it and I still keep thinking about it, even though I am now 21 years old! I had never seen it before and I was so amazed by how amazing and wonderful this movie was. The acting and visuals are amazing and the special effects and cinematography beautiful. The only movie I have seen with more imagination and style was "The Big Chill", which is not that movie! It is so amazing that I do not wish to see this again. I would like to see more movies that are not so great, like "The Golden Child" and "The Incredible Strange Film Show"  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a great film for me. It had good acting, good directing and great family values, but I loved it, and I was sad that so much time was spent beautifully in the beautiful setting of my home town. I have to recommend this movie to anyone looking for something to do, but anyone looking to escape from a life of routine and want something different will find it in this beautiful movie. I hope everyone finds something similar to this movie, so they can find happiness in a simpler setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite Columbo ever. I can't believe it is from the BBC and I really hope they make more of them. I have seen all of the series and the special episodes. The series is the last one before the show was cancelled and there is still a few episodes. I hope they keep the show and make a lot more of the special stuff, but not all.  The show is the second series of the Columbo series, after The Real World.  I am really surprised that the BBC made it and not the TV series.  10/10 Perfect! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie isn't just a movie about the movie business, it's about life. I have lived with cerebral palsey since childhood and my experiences with it have left me with lifelong respect for this movie.   I think it's safe to say that this movie touched my heart.  There is nothing like watching a film that touches the viewer, no one in the theater left with tears in their eyes.  I have seen some good comments and have thought about doing the same, but I can honestly say that I have never shed a tear at the screen, that is for sure.  This film is a powerful message of hope, and I am glad to have had the opportunity to see this movie and that others have had such great experiences. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces of horror and the last work before Wes Craven made the truly awful masterpieces that became his signature films, this is one of the beautifully filmed films of this genre. It is one part in which Craven demonstrates that his style of horror films is not only effective, and also his ability to create suspense without requiring much thought. The best examples of his style are the great 1998 horror film 'The Screaming Game' and the 2004 movie 'The Blair Witch Project'.  The director has some great examples of how this style can be used. 'The Horror Master' has one of those moments, in which the viewer is put in a great fright and the plot is created. Craven creates suspense through brilliant use of angles and perspectives, but also by using strong scares, which are used in a multitude of different ways. The most effective one is the classic 'Screaming Game', which is probably the scariest scene of the whole film.  A truly terrifying example of this style is the scene in which a group of students are in a cemetery and the sound is used to create a creepy atmosphere.  One really shouldn't miss this one, but the main question here is: how do you know if it is really creepy? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of those masterpieces that you have to watch once. It's a great action movie with loads of great special effects and a lot of melodrama. It starts with the chase, as the bad guys try to apprehend the villain, and ends with a great battle and lots of bloodshed.  I have seen some movies that were similar, so this movie was different, but the idea is the same as the great action films.  This is not really a masterpiece, and not really an action movie. It isn't all that exciting and there is not a lot time for melodramatic moments. However, I liked the end very much, and I felt the fight scenes were very good. I was also impressed by the great music.  Overall, a great movie. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the great story of two women, their dreams of becoming the world's best actress, and their journey of transformation.  This movie isn't a remake of 'Crouching Tiger Mother', but is actually a reworking of that movie.  There are some surprises, but I enjoyed this movie very much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first story, 'My Name is Marvie', was the only story to be told about the relationship between an older woman and a younger man. The next story, the story of a girl's desire to be taken back to her childhood, was the real story of the relationship of Marvies and the other man.  The best part of the movie was the scenes with Marvielle Aniston and her acting.  I would like to add that the music was great, and the beautiful scenery of the countryside very beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I just watched this film at the Palm Springs International Film Festival and it was well acted, and I recommend it to anyone. The actors all did superb jobs. I have seen this film a lot in my time, but this one was beautiful. It is so funny and touching, I hope you can find the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about a guy who was the first ever black person to graduate from Harvard and get a life expectancy of 80. I got to see the film at its 2002 premiere in New York, and I still haven't fully comprehend it's impact on me.  The acting is wonderful beautiful. The characters are engaging, and so are the performances of the three main characters (Mayer, Duvall, and Tatum). Tatum is the best performance of the film, and is the only person who seems to have a good relationship with the main character.   There are many great moments in the film. The film is very touching, and the plot is interesting and thought provoking.  I have to recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie follows the lives of two families in their dreams. The family who dreams of the holidays, and the family who wants their dreams fulfilled.  The ending is a bit strange. A lot of different events and images happen, which makes the movie a bit more disturbing and scary.   This is a great horror movie. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is simple. A man is going to die. He comes to his life's end and sees a vision of his future. He sees the image of his deceased wife and sees what he has become.    This is a short story with great special effects and great acting from the four main actors, who all give great performances. They make you feel like they are real people and you can tell them what they want to do.  I loved it and recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was an entertaining look at the relationship of a single father and single mother, who were both in the hospital when they met. They both have a single parent, and both have divorced parents. I don't know how this film stayed so long on the screen after the first episode. I found the movie charming in the beginning, but that became a strong point of contention between the two leads. I also enjoyed the fact that there were a lot of surprises throughout the film.  It is a disappointing movie that I hope to see in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the Philly Film Fest this year and I have seen it many times. I don't know what it is like to watch this movie on TV. If anyone knows, please post a link here. I hope this movie reaches a wider audience.  I love the music. It was fun to watch. I would like to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie about 11 years ago on the BBC (on a BBC3.2 episode called "The Lonely Lady", and the BBC has the same name now) as part of my course at university, and I still remember the opening credits, which were the same ones as the ones on the DVD. The title, which is the same as the opening scenes, was "The Little Shop of Horrors". This is what this movie is. It is about a baker who finds out that his wife has been killed in a mysterious plane crash, and tries to find her, and find out who's doing it.  The movie isn't for those who are looking for a horror film, or a romantic movie, or an emotional drama, but for those wanting something different.  It is interesting and it has a good story. It's not for everyone, but I think that it is pretty good, as is "The House that Dripped Blood" which is on the same theme.    I'd suggest that if you want to watch a good horror film (or a romantic story) you could watch this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was beautiful and moving, the plot was interesting and detailed, and the cast was great, including Alison Eastwood, Samantha Morton, Jason Isaacs, and Gabriel Byrne, who played the lead roles. The story reminded me of another movie, but this one better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It was one of those wonderful, sweet, and very funny movie that was never released for general distribution in the U.S. In the early '80s, I was in the process of moving to New York City to start a career as a professional film editor. One night I was driving around New York and saw a screening of "Citizen Kane," and I decided to take a look. I found the film intriguing and after seeing the film, I knew I was going to find it and I was right.  The story is the same as "Cantinelle," the story of a woman whose son is haunted by a mysterious ghost and her attempts to scare him off by showing him the image of her daughter is the story.  What a great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked "Patton" or "The Hitcher" (the two films that starred John Forsythe and George Hilton), you will love "The Double Impact." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never heard of this movie when I saw it at the local flea market on Saturday, and it was one of the masterpieces of the year. It was so masterfully crafted, and made me feel like a child again. The story of a boy's life and struggles with life, has a very powerful effect.  The actors were all excellent. The scenery and settings were beautiful. The beautiful shots of the animals in the zoo were great. The animals were beautiful and wonderful.  I am very impressed with the animals. The film touched the animals with compassion, and I felt their pain, sadness, and longing. I think this is one of those films that you could do without any animal involvement. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "O'Brien's Way" is a very interesting and original comedy, directed by the great Edgar G. Robinson, but the film has been badly underrated and neglected. "Odean Quinn" was one of his lesser films and also a great comedy. "The Old Bailey" is his funniest work, and "Ollie" is the weakest. The film is a masterpiece of Ollie's character, as the old man has not only proved to be as good as he is good, he has actually proved to possess an amazing range of emotions that are completely different from Ollies.    Ollis, who appears in "Odyssey" has become famous for many different reasons, and for me it is a reason not to see this film, because it is actually not just a comedy, but a serious emotional journey. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like to use all the genres for a film.  This is a romantic fantasy, a horror/slasher, a science fiction, a drama, a romance, a comedy, but a good mix of all.  I thought that this film was very beautiful. It shows a couple of lovers in a love triangle, and it makes you think.   A very emotional and beautiful film. 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only movie I remember watching is the first one, and it was fantastic! My favourite line from the first movie is "This movie, if it had come to be in 1988, would have been at least nominated for the Oscar for best foreign language performance by an American actor." If it had been in 1988 I would have given this magnificent performance. My only disappointment was that I am so very happy to have seen it, and so is all the other reviewers, I am not interested in commenting.  It is a wonderful movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film first on the SciFi channel, and was intrigued to see it. It was the beginning of my SciFi days, and it scared the crap out of me. I would never watch a SciFi show again, and had a hell of a lot of fun.  I have been a fan of a few shows since I got back from my honeymoon in the US in August 2005. I love shows such as Space Cowboys, Stargate SG-1, and The X-Files, but was scared by this brilliant and innovative series.  The story is solid, and I would recommend this for anyone who likes the genre of SciFi or SciFi. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the movie and think it is very original. I think it can be very sad. It has a good plot and is very good at acting.  It is a very well done movie with good special effects and great special FX. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was very interesting, the first 10 minutes were great but the great part was the beautiful animation and fantastic settings and the great soundtrack.  I liked the fact that the main characters were well developed, with different attitudes, emotions, thoughts, and a different view on life. The main character in the film was very mature and honest, and he showed his true feelings and thoughts about life and his situation, which was very different from what the other characters were showing, but in the end he was not the person that he usually was.  This movie also shows that there is not one person that doesn't have something that they wish to say or something that would help them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful example of how movies can be made without any big budget Hollywood special effects and brilliant camera shots. If you look at the way the actors move and interact in this film, you can see how a natural story of man versus nature can become a compelling cinematic experience. This is not just a movie about nature, as it is about man's interaction with nature.  This film is in many ways similar to the story of "Gilligan's Island" - and like "GILLIGAN'S ISLAND", the story is about a man who can make the same mistakes he did in this movie. The characters are realistic and you feel like the movie is not only about the nature, but also about the people who live in the environment and have their own thoughts and opinions about what they see and think about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good, short and funny story about the life of the first female painter to achieve international renown, a woman of very little fame who goes on a trip to Italy, and ends up in a tiny village, and in the middle of the woods.  The scene is in the village, but there is also a large wooded area, which is being used as a cemetery. There is a lot of life going on, including the dead bodies. It's hard to believe that there are so many dead bodies in one small area.  This was a very interesting film, but I hope that the writer/director gets the next project to him, as it is a very good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this when I was young, and it was a huge hit when it came out, and I can't believe I've watched it since. I was really excited about the film and when it was finally released, I thought I'd seen it all, and this is the perfect blend of all the emotions and drama I have ever experienced. The acting is great, and the plot is amazing. I think it is a great film, and could definitely be the best film ever. It has a great ending, but I am really glad to have seen it in the cinema, and would love to see more of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in New York at the 1998 Sundance film festival, and have remembered it as a film that was both deeply emotional and stylistic, and it was probably one of the masterpieces from the director, John Polson. It was the story of a family living in the upper-class suburbs of America, whose lives are consumed by their family's addiction to materialism and their struggle for financial independence. Polson shows the life of a father who is addicted to materialistic things (especially his wife's new car and his own home), and his son's struggles to get materialistic.  I would think that anyone who saw this could get the feeling that it is a film about a family that is addicted, or would think there are many similarities between these two families. It is not. There are many small things that don't match up, such as the cinematography, editing, lighting, camera movements, costumes, etc. I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was well done by all the actors. A very nice touch. I have never seen the movie, so I cannot compare to the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film opens with a story of the pursuit of a serial killer by the police. The story builds beautifully and is based on actual events. I would like to thank the Police for providing me with some information on this case, I hope that I can find the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film for the first time in my life and it was a thrilling experience. It is a film that deals with the struggle of the Indian nation, which is being led by the non-Hindi majority, and the rise of the nonHindis to the point that they were becoming encroaching in their traditional lands. I was shocked that this film was made at a time when the world was at war and the Indian people were not only suffering from famine and disease but also facing massive internal repression. It was the only film that dealt with such a controversial subject. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Gloria" tells a story about a woman (Mancuso) who returns to her life of her childhood in Romania and comes across as a "little fairy".   As the story opens, we are taken on a ride with our protagonist as she travels to the village of her birth to learn about her life and what has become of her since childhood. She is visited by her dead sister (Luzh) and it is in this meeting that the two begin to find out and become acquainted.  The story is based on actual facts about the life of Luzh. Her life is very full of sadness and she has lost all her memories. When she first meets our heroine, she has an overwhelming urge to cry. As she does so, the sister is seen to have the power to manipulate and destroy the woman's will.   We then find out that the sister's evil acts do not only have a direct effect on the girl but on the whole, they have a negative effect on Luzhin. The sister's actions destroy her relationship with her deceased sister, which she desperately wants to protect.  In this story, we also find out how Luzhi, the young woman who is haunted by her sister, has lost her memory and the effect that her sister's power can have on her is truly devastating.  This is a very emotional and touching movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very emotional and beautiful movie. It is the story of an Indian family in a middle class Gujarati neighborhood. The mother is the housewife and a part time maid. The father is a labourer in a factory and the mother helps him. But, as they get close to each other, the father decides he should help the mother.  The mother decides to be a widow but he is in a life of hardship. The film is a powerful and emotional story about the life of an old and tired Indian woman. The scene where the mother gets the call from the brother about the death of a child is played out in the most devastating and saddful manner. I was surprised with the ending and the scene where mother dies was powerful. I think the ending is very tragic and heart wrenching. The music is also very powerful. The song, "Koyi na na na" played by the mother is powerful.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had the pleasure of seeing this movie on the Berlin Film Festival, and I have never forgotten it. It is a well made, dramatic and touching story about a family's love for a cat. The cat is called Max, and is played by German actor Jörg Buttgereit who, like Buttge, is also a huge fan of animals. As Max, Jörge has to play his part in this movie.  One of the most beautiful animals, with the least expressive, naturalistic voice of his (Siemann), Jörgen is constantly afraid of something, and he tries to avoid making any mistakes.  Buttge's character is also not very expressive, so his performance in this is the most naturalistic and humanlike. I can't understand how this is supposed to be, and it makes me sad for a human being.  The only bad part is that Siemann's performance in the movie is very powerful, so that Jörgy and his son are forced to watch this movie with the feeling of all the animal's hatred and pain. It also makes me happy to see him perform his role with all the sadness and pain he feels. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful piece of film. If you like the series, watch the original one, or watch "Titanic" with Bill Paxton (Titanicus), or if you don't like the original, watch this. I enjoyed the "Titania" and the "Nancy Drew" films, the "Saw" series, and this was the first film for the new director.   The direction and cinematography are masterfully handled. The use of the special effects, especially the explosions and the fire and ice are masterful. The atmosphere and atmosphere are dark and sinister, the lighting dark and ominous, and the score is dark and haunting. The special effects are breathtaking. The action is fantastic, and so is the story.  "Tittanicus" is a really disturbing film, but is still an entertaining movie for the whole family. It can be found on the internet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie blew me away.I love the first part of the movie, and love the movie after that.The acting is great,the music great, and it's a great story.I would recommend it to anyone, I'm afraid they won't get to appreciate it, so i'll just add my own words.  I love it, and will buy it for the soundtrack.I really liked the first story, and i really like the second one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the funniest movie about the Spanish Civil War of 1936. It is based on a true story from a very different perspective. The movie follows the life of a former soldier and a former priest of the Catholic Church who were forced to fight for their faith. The life of the former combatants is depicted in the most tragic and horrible of light. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed the movie very much but did not feel any urge to fast forward. I felt a little cheated as it had a lot to do with my own interpretation of the story and I had to make up my own mind whether to go in a positive or a neutral state of mind and just follow the movie or go on a more philosophical journey.  I liked the scene with the old man who is walking along with his son and wife. In this scene I found the old woman very human and the old guy was very human as well.   Overall, I liked it very much. I did not find this movie to be a masterpiece but I still like it as a short movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic romantic anime from Toho, Japan, and directed by Shoji Katsu. The story of the relationship of Sho and Hoshi (Katsu) is actually quite good, the animation is good and the voice work is great. The plot is somewhat slow, the plot is quite emotional and quite complex and there are some surprises throughout.  There are some noticeable goofs, but most of them are either hilarious or very silly. The film is actually very good, I hope I have the chance to watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the original movie for about 4 years now, so I am just now starting to see the sequel, and it was quite scary. The first film scared the hell out of me, but the second is great. The movie is very suspenseful and very scary. I think the movie is also very suspensefull, and a great film overall.  This is the movie for you who likes the first one, but is afraid of the sequel. If you don't like the first movie, you'll like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am so glad I watched this on the Disney Channel a couple of weeks ago and was surprised at how good it was. I was also very pleased to see the acting, fantastic visuals and great song selection by the talented Brian De Palma. I thought that the special effects were amazing, especially when they used the original version of the song. It was very beautiful and I would recommend anyone interested in film to see this wonderful movie. I am glad I did and will be glad to know that this version will finally be available to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard about this film when it came out, but after seeing it for the first time, I found myself completely engrossed. This was the masterful film that I hoped to see. It had great acting from all of the actors, especially from the young Natalie Portman, who showed great versatility. She really let her feelings about the Titanic come to life in the most powerful and moving way. The cast was strong, the cast had great chemistry, and the music was beautiful. It was a great, beautiful, and touching story. I would recommend it to anyone, and I hope I can get some response to my question. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In one scene you see a beautiful, and I mean beautiful, scene where the beautiful Maria Popistasu (Vlad) and her husband (Vincenzo Romani) are in love. The scenes where they are in bed together in the night and at one point Popistu gets up and goes to Popista's room to ask her to be his wife and they fall in love for the second time. I mean what great romance, but very good.  I liked the story line and the direction. The scene where Popistatu tells Popistus that he will give up his wife for him if she does not do as he wishes, and he is sitting on the stairs with his back to Popiste and Popistis in bed, was beautiful and I thought it was very touching.  This is a beautiful film. I would recommend it to any one. I am sure it will be well-received. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this at the 2002 Sydney Gay and Music Festival and I was really happy with the film. I didn't expect much from the film, and I liked it. The acting was great and I especially enjoyed the story of the "one-man show" which the characters were performing at the beginning of the movie. The plot was great, and the humour flowed well. I would have liked to have seen more of the story, and perhaps have liked some of the characters in the film a bit more. It was a good idea for a movie which was quite depressing and depressing.  I am unsure if this movie was a great idea, but it was a fun film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A man discovers that he has to go through life alone because he's in dire need of help.  His wife, a lovely blonde who is about to get married, has the same problems as him: his own life and needs.  One of those wonderful romantic anime movies, "The Life and Death" features a story of a man's struggle to make his own destiny while battling life altering events.  The story follows a man who lives in a very ordinary town with a high population. The town is run by a church that has taken a very hard stance against all things "worldly", and the people are just there to make life easier for the man.    What happens when the church loses its faith in God?  The film has all the elements of a great anime and is very entertaining and enjoyable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Grosse Pointe" was not only a great film in the end, it was also an excellent film for a great cast and a great story. The story is a very complicated one with many different points. This is the kind of film that you would expect to have a good plot with good story. However, it works beautifully and you get the feeling that it has a lot of great ideas and is very creative. You will be able to see this film as soon as the DVD is released. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, and I especially love that they made this movie into an action movie, even though it was supposed to be a romantic comedy. This movie has good action and a good romance with the same theme, but the plot is great. It has good romance and good romance. The movie is good and the movie is great, but it is not cheesy and not predictable. The cinematography brilliant. The music is good, especially for an American movie, but also the story is great with the right cinematography and good music. The acting is great and the special effects are great. I think the movie deserves an 10/10, a perfect 10/ 10. 10/ ten! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never really understood why people don't see it as a comedy, but I find it quite strange when watching it and thinking "that's it, that's great comedic genius".  But in the end, you won't laugh. You'll laugh out loud for a good time, and will have a hard time believing that you are in a movie that masterfully captures the essence of your feelings about life, death and everything around.  It was also a pretty intense experience for me, as I've been watching it with a couple of friends for a few years now, and have watched it a few times. So far, I've not seen anyone laugh out of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved "Beautiful Creatures" and I love this film. The story is not about an old black woman in love with a white man. This is a real person and the real story of a real life person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short and touching drama, with an emphasis on the female characters' suffering as a result of their situation. This film also deals with the lives of the four main characters:  The protagonist is the girl in the woods who meets the guy of the same age who comes back to their small village to visit her and beg her forgiveness. The girl takes a few days to realise what has happened, and tries to mend her broken friendship with the guy.   One of the most touching scenes I've seen in any movie is at the beginning when the girl, her father and the girl's mother start to search for each other after her mother dies and leaves the house and goes to the woods to ask for help. She has lost her father, her brothers, her mother and all of her friends. And the girl is lonely and confused.  The film shows that she is ready to make a journey to the city and meet up with her friends in the city. The scenes are often short, but the viewer may or may not find them long, and they often don't matter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a boy's friendship with a dog is very endearing. The two get into a fight, and the canine gets killed.  In the flashback, the boy and his dog are shown again with the help of a special effect. The scene in the flashback is the boy talking to the dead dog, and it is very emotional. The flashbacks are very emotional, and this scene is also very good. The best part of the movie is when the boy finds the dead body of his friend's dog and his mom is crying and he comes back to his world, and they are both shown together. This movie is a very good, but still not for everyone.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Moonstruck" is a wonderful, romantic, romantic and somewhat sad movie, all about the relationship of a man and a woman. The story is simple and straightforward, the story is easy to follow and it is great at times. I recommend the movie to anyone who wants to experience some happiness and to anyone with an open mind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful, uplifting story of the struggle of a family, the family is torn apart by the loss of a child and then by the death of the child's father. A mother (Cristina Raines) is a nurse and a mother (Virginia O'Brien) is the wife of a preacher (Robert Stack). A father (Joseph O'Neill) is an old man who is determined to make a child his own. He believes in God and he believes in his son that he will get the child, but he has a son named Jack (JAMES LASSIE) who has been taken over by God and who he believes is the child of his dead wife. The two have a child who is just born and he decides to take on a life of a life on his own and try to get it back. The family begins to suffer, and when the mother (Mary Burke) has to make up with the father (Robert, a very young man), the family begins falling apart.  The scene where the mother is praying and singing is one of the most powerful moments of the movie. This movie is not a documentary and is a wonderful piece of acting and wonderful family values. The director is able to capture the essence of family with his camera and show the pain of people that are just like the family members that are praying for someone that has lost a child. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great movie. It has all of the classic ingredients, with the story line that many a movie had, the characters are interesting, and you have the good guys and the bad guys. It is a realistic, though sad, and very emotional movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As much as I love all the movies from this year, I still have nightmares about this one. The way this movie depicts the terror and helplessness of a child and her family made me shudder for weeks after I watched it.   The acting is fantastic. Claire Danes and Ben Chaplin give wonderful performances in the film. The scene in the hospital where Claire Daneshoe's mother dies and Ben is comforted by the mother is one of the most depressing scenes in the history of movies.  My biggest complaint with the movie is that it was filmed beautifully. It shows how a real story can be used to make a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an emotional, heartwarming movie about one father (Jurgen Prochnow) and his son, who both lost their father in a plane crash.  Prochnowitz has never seen a film that has touched him this hard. This movie shows a very close-knit family in search of answers about what their lives have been like and what they have lost.  It also reveals a very dark side of the life of Prochnowski and his family, which is what the family is all about.  This film shows how the life and death of a father and son can have a profound effect on a family. The effect can be both physically and mentally healing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a man in search of his lost brother is very disturbing. When he finds his brother in a cemetery he goes to dig up his grave. The revelation that the brother he thought he buried in his childhood is actually a monster that is waiting for a human sacrifice. The man is haunted by the monster and has flashbacks of his childhood.  When the man wakes from his nightmares he finds out that he has a very dark past. This movie is filled with mystery and scares very well. I was very happy with the cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to see a great documentary of the world's last civil war, look no further than this movie. It is the last war. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a rule, I'm not a big fan of the big Hollywood films but I have seen many of them and have always found them entertaining.   The main reason for this film was the script. The great acting and beautiful cinematography settings made this film a stunning experience, especially considering the low budget. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this film and would recommend it to any one looking for something different. It is a great film that mixes comedy, action, and romance in a way that makes people question what is their life purpose. I give it an 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As an indie film, it has been a difficult journey to get the attention of a wide audience. I am pleased with the way the audience has reacted to the film. I hope that it keeps people away from the story for as long as possible. The acting, camera work, and settings perfectly fit the story and the characters. The story is intriguing and has taken many twists and turns. The performances from the actors and the audience are excellent and moving.  As the movie goes on, I am unsure as to what is the main theme of the film - a love story between a young couple and their friends, or a love for nature and nature conservation. I also hope that the director does not let the story end with a predictable ending as some people have.  This movie is a bit of a mystery, but I hope everyone sees it and then gives it a chance to find out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I remember this movie when I was a kid, back when I could only remember those few movies that were made and remembered it by heart. I must say, I have never seen any movie that masterfully portrayed this story so beautifully and with such realistic characters. It was the first movie that I saw that had all the elements of a movie and was also very well directed and acted. I was amazed at how it made me feel.  If you are interested in this movie, you will be amazed at the acting of the four main characters, especially with the incredible acting and beautiful scenery. The movie was so amazing, I would even like to add, that it was made for a purpose.  The movie is a great movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the film about 5 times so far, and I was very impressed with the quality of the performances, particularly of the 3 main actors, the beautiful cinematography. I can't remember the last time I was this impressed by a good film. I don't understand the reasons, but the great performances in the film are certainly very good. I haven't seen the last film by this director before so I don´t know if I would describe this film in more details, but I don`t think that I could.  The story in the movie is very simple, and the performances are very great, I think, so I think I´s a very good film to watch.  I recommend this film to everyone. It is not an extremely good movie, but it is not very bad.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first part of this is great. I am a bit biased but believe that a good director should take on all the aspects that he can. The acting is superb and the beautiful landscapes, natural settings, settings, cinematography, settings and settings are great. The music is perfect for such a film. Great photography, great landscapes, great music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original one was a funny movie with loads of laughs and good-looking special effects. The new version is much more serious, and has tons of great jokes and laughs.    The new one is a great movie, even though it is not as good as the original one, if you like watching people being funny, then this is the version for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I love horror films and this was one of the masterpieces. This movie is really creepy, dark and so on. I mean, it is scary when you think about it, and I think most people would agree with me on this. I enjoyed the first half the movie, but it was scary after the killer's resurrection. The other good parts are the scenes in the graveyard, and the ones that I remember of the good cop and the good old friend. I thought this was a good ending, and this is the perfect movie for people who don't enjoy a good horror film. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well made film with very good acting, especially from the main actors. The cinematography is stunning and the editing brilliant. The main story is not very complex, not at all, and the plot is good and easy to follow. The story is about a woman who is trying to make it big as a singer and finds herself in the middle of a lot of complications. The film has many stunning cinematography. The acting is great and the songs are good. The music is great, and in the end it works well, especially the haunting ending.  Overall, this is a good film, and I would like to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was one of the masterpieces from the brilliant director Sam Peckinpah that was a major influence on Hollywood in the 1930s and 40s. It was a dark, foreboding tale of a man's descent into insanity and the power of nature and the spirits to bring his thoughts to life.  It's a scary story without sentimentality, which the audience could care less about, even if the characters are well-developed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the Palm Springs International Film Festival and was pleasantly impressed. It is not as bad as some of the more high budget action films but very well made and well directed. It features a great cast of characters, especially the villain of the film, played by David Duchov. The movie has a pretty dark edge to it and is a definite must for action lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very original, well made movie with good message and a good concept. I was able to see this movie on one of my favorite nights when I was little and I watched it again the next day. It was so touching. It wasn't like I expected a beautiful story with good acting, and that's what I liked about the movie. It's a movie that should keep you on your toes.  This movie is not for children and should not be watched by children. This is not a bad movie, it's a good story that could be your own. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film. It's not just about the acting. It also has a great story line. And I enjoyed the dialog, the script, and the beautiful locations, so there's something for everyone. The best scene in the whole movie is in the beginning, where the two main characters discuss their lives, and how they will go to the grave. It has a beautiful ending, which you don't have to see to appreciate.  Overall, this is a great movie. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a beautiful and uplifting movie, with some great music and some great acting, but the film is far from typical and is not really bad. I do think that this movie could of had it's charms and it's definitely not cheesy. I really liked the story, and the acting of the leads. It is a good story and it is definitely not one that could of made easily and cheaply. However, it is an enjoyable and uplift movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, the story is very interesting and I enjoyed the story which focuses on the life of the people in the town of Haddonfield. This movie is about the young women who have to deal with their lives and the family they live in and they are very happy with their own lives. This is not a story of high school students, I think the movie is for everyone who likes to think they are so weird to be so messed up.  The movie does not have many long shots and the ending is a great conclusion to the movie.  Overall, great movie! 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film. I have been to the screen for over a century, and was one of the first to have a great American character in an important film. It was like a great triumph for Hollywood in that the great and powerful John Ford played a character who was, in the words of his biographer, "as hard as nails." This is the real-life story of a man who was not only a movie player, but who was also a great man. His life was hard and he had great dreams. I would think that this movie would have made for a great documentary.  This movie is not a great movie, but it is a touching documentary. This movie, in my opinion, should have made a film about a person who is struggling to overcome major life problems, and in particular, the man who played the role of "The Father" who was one day old and the man is still in his late fifties. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating look at the relationship between an autistic and a person with an Asperger's Syndrome (in this case, a 23-year old with Aspergers) as a way of dealing with the tragic circumstances of a young person with cerebral Palsey's Syndrome who comes to live with a new lease on life due to the death of her mother (in a nursing home) and the loss of her family.   As you watch this film, it becomes apparent that this story of an autistic person's life and a caring and loving mother who cares for her son with special needs needs has parallels with other, well-known films about people with special conditions.  However, the film is not as grim, serious, and as disturbing as some of these films. In fact, it is quite disturbing and disturbing. I would recommend this film to anyone with special circumstances, as it is both sad and disturbing in that regards the person with special abilities and the person's family situation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to see this film when it was first released, and I was amazed at how it held up. It was beautifully shot, and the acting was masterfully nuanced and natural. The entire film reminded me of "The Thin Man", and reminded me what I wanted from a film about this famous and mysterious event in history. I don't know if it's the best film, but it was certainly worth watching. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you haven't seen the movie, go to the video store and pick up the video. If you have, just pop in a DVD and watch it on demand.  This movie was made for a very specific audience, and it was a wonderful movie. I haven't laughed so hard at a movie since.   The first three scenes with the girl are great. I especially enjoyed the scene with the car and the train station. I don't know what the train operator was going to say to her when she said that the train was coming in 10 minutes. Excellent performance.  I've seen it all before and I can honestly say I have never laughed so intensely at a comedy movie, but this is a perfect film for a comedy fan. It's funny, it's dramatic, and the acting is great. The best scene in the entire movie is the scene where the characters are in the train together and it's hilarious, with one guy asking another if he can get a ticket to a baseball game with his girlfriend and another guy agreeing. This is a good film to watch on a rainy day, when you don't have anything to do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a comedy that will not leave you laughing for very long. If you enjoy a good time with friends then you will certainly not be disappointed.  The best part of the movie is the "making of" which gives you an idea of the story and the characters. The acting is great especially the lead performance of the main character of the show, and the best acting performance is probably the best in the show's history.  A great cast is also good for this movie and the story is very entertaining, and it's not a typical sitcom with bad dialog, and very cute characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The best movie about the "Wizard of Oz" is "The Wizard of Oz", a wonderfully simple story, about an old man and his quest to bring back "Oz" and "the beautiful" Dorothy to the world of the living, and the "OZ" that is hidden away.  I've seen "The Wiz" over fifty times and it's a pretty good movie.  This is the second entry in the "The Secret Diary" series. The only thing that makes this movie unique is the casting of Robert Culp and Lionel Atwill as Oz and Dorothy respectively. Atwill is Oz's "obvious friend" and Culp is the evil wizard who has hidden Oz's magic book "Odyssey" behind a wall of stone. It's not even hidden at all!  This movie is a definite great movie and definitely worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this show because it is very entertaining and I like to watch it once a week.  The acting is very natural and detailed, it is unique and it makes you angry.  This is one of those shows where the whole family is entertained and so are you. The jokes are great, the family is very diverse and very happy and I love that I could watch it all and not feel like I'm watching the show I love.  I can't wait for this show to end because after only two weeks of it being on I don't know what I will do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to see a good, fun, and uplifting film about the world of disabled people, this is the one for you.  It's like "Patton", except it's far better, far more uplifting, and better made.  The special effects are amazing. I've seen some of the other reviews and they're not as great as I was, but I liked it as much as the rest of the movie.  This movie has been on my wishlist for awhile, and after seeing this masterpiece, I'll definitely try to get it, and I'm definitely not very happy about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first of the three films to feature the director of the original "Gloria", "The Woman In The Mirror", "Chocolat", "Suspicious Minds", "In The Beginning", and "Sleeping Beauty" (all of which were made by the same man, the director Jurgen Prochnow), Prochnowitz creates a compelling, disturbing and gory tale, filled with suspense and disturbing images. The movie is slow and builds suspense throughout; the music is haunting, and the whole thing is creepy and disturbing. Prochnowski also makes a great job of making the film all the more gory by adding a lot of gore, but the movie still manages to keep you glued to the screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first story in the story "The Man In The Moon" is about the life of Albert Einstein and his relationship with his dog, Einstein. The story follows Einstein on his daily life as he reads scientific journals and tries to make sense of the nature of the universe, and his thoughts of his death and his dog's death.  Later in the movie we learn about Einstein's visit to the dog kennel and his interaction with Einstein's dog. We also see Einstein's theory of relativity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea of this film is a great one, but I have seen it all. I can even remember the scene where the main character gets a call from the police and she immediately changes into a policeman's uniform and a police car, then all hell breaks loose and a shootout erupts. A great scene.  I love this movie, but if you want to see it, then watch "The Wooden Horse", but that is not too much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the movie many times on the IMDb and never found the link between it and this wonderful movie. In fact, I have to ask myself why it is not on there any more...I have seen it on many times and never noticed the link...I can't see why it isn't on there anymore...it's not that it's so emotional...the movie is good, the acting great, the beautiful locations, beautiful sets, beautiful music...great special FX, great special FX...great great beauty, great great great beauty...great beauty, beautiful great beauty. Great great beautiful great special effects, beautiful beautiful great beautiful special FX. great special settings, great beautiful beautiful beautiful special effects... great beautiful beauty... great music... great great special effect. Perfect. Perfect perfect beauty. Perfect beauty. beautiful great acting. perfect beautiful perfect settings. beautiful settings...perfect beauty... beautiful beautiful music. beautiful beautiful settings. perfect great beauty beautiful special effect, perfect perfect beautiful special settings. Perfect beautiful special performances... perfect beautiful beautiful beauty. perfect beauty perfect perfect perfection. perfect perfection perfect perfection... perfect beauty beautiful perfect perfection, perfect perfection perfection perfect...perfect perfection. Perfect perfection perfect beauty...perfect perfect perfect beauty perfection perfect perfect, perfect beauty flawless. Perfect Perfect perfect perfect perfect... perfect perfect! perfect perfection of perfection perfect. Perfect perfectly perfect perfection beautiful perfection... perfection in perfection. perfection.perfect perfect perfection in beauty perfect perfection and perfect perfection that perfect beauty is the ultimate perfection...perfect, perfect, beautiful perfection.Perfect perfection...Perfect perfection, perfection perfect beautiful perfection perfect and perfect...beautiful perfection.Beautiful perfection... Perfect perfection.beautiful beauty perfect... Perfect perfect perfection! Perfect perfection...beauty perfect perfection Perfect perfection perfection, Perfect beauty perfect.Perfect beauty perfect, perfection,perfect perfect...Perfect perfect perfection..perfect perfection perfection...Beautiful perfect perfection is perfection...all perfection in perfect perfection....perfect perfection...this is perfection in every way...perfect and beautiful perfection, exquisite perfection...the perfect beauty of perfection. beautiful perfect perfect.perfect perfection perfect harmony.perfect beauty.perfect perfectly perfect.beauty perfection... perfectly perfect... perfectly beautiful perfection of beauty.beautifully perfect perfection -perfect perfection in the perfect beauty -perfect beauty is perfect. perfection in a beautiful, perfect beautiful world...beautifully beautiful perfection in this wonderful, perfect world. Perfect harmony...perfect harmony...Beauty...perfect...perfect in perfection...in this perfect,perfect beauty of beauty...Beautful perfection in...
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A charming little indie comedy about a pair of lovers in need of help dealing with their feelings of inadequacy in a relationship. It stars the always reliable Tom Robbins as a doctor and the ever changing Richard Widmark as the guy that is always trying to make them feel better about themselves.  A very funny film with a nice quirky plot. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very fun and very funny. It was also very well acted.  I am not sure how it was filmed, and I would like to know. The story is great and the acting is great. I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found the movie to be very great, but not earth-shattering. It's a very interesting, visually beautiful film about a young couple, a mother and son, their mutual struggles. There is a great scene in the garden where the mother (Alicia) is shown to be so brave and loving that she becomes a very different person from her usual self-righteous mother.  This film shows the struggles of two parents (Alyson and McLeod) in a very raw and realistic way. This is not only about the struggles between two parents, but also about the difficulties of mother and child in an era of very strict parenting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best way to describe the story is that it tells the story of two very different women who are attracted to the same guy. Both want to know what their life will be like in the future.   If you're going to see a good documentary, then this is a great choice. The director took a lot of time and excellent creative control to create a great documentary. The best documentary ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great story that anyone with any kind of brain can see. The acting is superb masterfully done and great performances are great. A great film for any movie lovers. 7.5/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the perfect romantic anime. The characters are unique, each has a dark side and the story is interesting, I think this is the best I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short, sweet and moving story that shows the story of two families living in different parts of the world. One family is living in a modern village while the other family lives in a traditional Cambodian village. In the beginning the family is peaceful, happy and friendly, while the conflict begins. The movie shows the family's struggle and how they are able to survive in a hostile environment. I think the movie is very interesting, very sad and very depressing.  The movie is about the lives of the families in both families. It is about how each family in the village is forced to share food and water.  I recommend the movie to anyone interested in conflict, or any time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first part, the two young actresses J and J have a great time in the garden. They were in love with each other but now they must make a leap in their careers. This movie is a bold move into the next level. It shows the girls from the garden as strong women.  I enjoyed this movie and am sure that you will too. I give it a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of the movie is fantastic. The characters are great and detailed. The music is great and moving. The scenery is beautiful. The beautiful setting makes it all worth while. I give this movie a perfect 10. I highly recommend it to anyone. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie was great! It has the magic of a movie that you can not explain, the beauty of a great scene. I love the scenes, and I want to recommend the movie to everyone. This movie is great, and everyone should see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this is the wonderful gem of a film that I hope will never be released. A man's life, as portrayed in this film, is not only about his life as an auto mechanic, but also his life and his family's.   This film is not a comedy, but it is not an emotional documentary. It has a haunting feel to it and I believe it is also one of the most important films in the world.  The best part of this film is the beautiful cinematography. The film is beautiful in the way that it is able to capture the various emotions that exist in people's souls and show them in a way that they can relate to. I wish that I could have seen the ending where everyone is completely happy. I would have been more upset if I knew that the movie had taken a depressing turn and then it was at its best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The two films are a perfect example of the old Hollywood spirit of the indian way. The story of an indian girl married to an English man is well documented. Her life is full of adventures in a traditional Indian village. The film shows how the indians were used as slave labor during the 19th century. Her husband died and she became a free woman. They were paid in a fair manner for the services rendered to them. The scenes of the rape are shocking and graphic.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the perfect romantic-comedy. There are few movies in the world that can so brilliantly portray the relationship of a married couple. This movie does that with elegance and style. A must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a wonderful story, with an excellent cast, and the acting is great, and so is the plot. A great cast, great acting. And that's wonderful. Brilliant film, but very well done, and very touching. And the beautiful garden shots add to the realism of the film.  This is a film for the serious movie lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best of all this movie isn't a comedy but a dramatic one. The story, although a bit predictable and very serious, and the performances of all the characters are very impressive.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very funny and heart-warming movie. The acting is top-notch. It has great music, a great script and great characterizations. The movie is hilarious and I laughed out loud twice during the movie and I'm glad I did.  I hope this movie gets to be released on video some time soon and I hope everyone has a chance to see it. I have only seen it once and I am really looking forward to seeing it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes is at the beginning of the film when the mother is talking to the daughter of the priest and says to the priest: "The world of God is like a dream, or a nightmare. It's just that it is. The world of the dreams and nightmares...it's real." This is one of the great stories from the 30's that scared the crap out of me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see! If you can see only one of the three films this year, see:  The Stone Angel is a great mix of comedy, drama, drama and romance with an unhappy girl (Meg Ryan) and a stone angel (Nick Nolte). The Stone angel is an old Japanese legend that lives inside the earth and can only be seen by stone children. It was a legend that the first stone children to reach puberty, had a great deal of luck in their lives and went through the dangerous ordeal of having their dreams come true. However, the Stone Angel, who has lived for over 2000 years, still has her dark and evil nature and is ready to give a great show to her viewers. Meg Ryan is Meg's beautiful and sweet girlfriend. The two have had their dream come true and they will soon face the Stone angel again. Nick Noltes plays the Stone man, but the two don't have much in common. Meg is Meg, and Nick is Nick. So the two go through the typical romantic plot line, as usual, but it's a good mix of the usual and Meg's dream cometrue experience. The movie has an interesting ending, as well. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, let me say I loved The Shop Around the Corner when it came out, but The Shop was much better, and I've still got those flashbacks of that film playing on my mind.  The music is great, the cinematography master brilliantly beautiful, and the acting superb. The music may have been influenced by "The Shop Around The Corner", but this movie is one of my favourites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a boy, Nick, who is very good at making his own films. When his mother dies and he takes his own life, he doesn't hesitate to use her ashes to make a great movie, but as he's making it he realizes that he must stop making his great works of art and put in some more life.  This is a very dark and disturbing film. It isn't so much about the death of Nick and his mother as it is about the abuse of Nick's mother and the abuse she suffered. This movie has a disturbing ending and doesn't go out of its way to be shocking. It doesn't glorify or make fun of the child abuse and neglect that we all know and believe. It is about everyone and it's very disturbing.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tortilla Flat" is the best short and sweet movie of the year. It has been filmed on many different days. This movie is a tribute to the late John Garfield, who died unexpectedly and left a lasting legacy. This film is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a good plot and I personally liked it, because it was so touching. The ending was very good and I think it was very fitting for the characters and I hope they make more movies with this kind of plot. This movie is not for everyone, but I guess you should see it. It is really touching and so are the other characters, it was a nice touch, but if you like movies like the Pixar movie, this is not one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that is great in every aspect. It is a wonderful movie that you dont know about because it doesnt make you laugh and go wild and loose, because thats not what its all about. It isn't as good as some of the newer movies, and it doesn't have the kind of plot that you cant figure out within the first five minutes. It works perfectly in every way. It gives a wonderful sense of what it feels like to be a part of. I give this movie a great 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only really disappointing thing in this show is the casting of John Ritter and David Spade as the two lonely souls who never married and only had sex. Ritter is a perfect fit as John's lonely heart. The scenes with David are hilarious as well, the scene with Ritter at the beach is touching and sad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very touching and uplifting movie. The acting is great especially from the two main actors, the main actress and the main songwriter, the movie is well directed, acted and the whole cast is wonderful wonderful. A must see for anyone interested in acting or music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic comedy, but it isn't as cheesy as the other two, and it isn`t as cheesy, as some of the more naive people may think, but very funny. I loved it, and I hope that people do as well.  I had a good time watching this movie, and this is the reason I rated this film so high. The movie is pretty much a classic, with some good bits and a few "new" characters in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all I'm not a big Richard Brooks fan, but this movie surprised me. I saw it for the first time when I was in the UK, but it still haunts me. The story is a little far-fetched, although I understand the movie's purpose. It is based on the true story of the life of a detective in Northern Ireland during the 1970s. There are some great quotes from the Irish constabulary, but the movie itself is based firmly on the police investigations into the murder of a solicitor's wife and his subsequent attempts to clear his name. The acting is great, the pace is fast, and the ending brilliantly realistic, although some scenes are a bit too much for my taste. This is a very hard movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie blew me away when I was back in the mid-'80's, and I remember a time when it was a major blockbuster- and I mean a major movie. It was amazing how much this movie, and the series it spawned, held my interest.   This film has a lot of great moments. I remember the time the first one was released, and there was no hype, no special effects, and not much of anything, and then it was not even released on video, because everyone wanted to get their money back! But boy was I surprised! I remember going to see it at the theater and thinking, "wow great movie!" and I still do. I've never forgotten that movie, it still holds up even now! I still don't remember the special effects. I just remember the amazing and amazing acting. I still miss that movie now when I go to see them now.  The only thing that amazed me was how they made the entire series! They were amazing masterpieces! I can't remember any of the names, I can just remember that. The story is still amazing and I don't think there will ever be another movie like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the great British comedy of all time, a spoof of popular American movies of the time. The script is full of references to a variety of films and TV programmes, including films like The Cabinet of Dr Caligari, The Invisible Man and the Three Stooges Meet the Invisible Man. It also includes references to British history, including the story of the Great Britain v South Africa war of 1859.  The story of this spoof is about a middle-aged housewife who has to deal with the problem of a husband and two children, who seem to have problems. This is a parody of a famous movie about the same theme, the one in which the wife of a man is played by the great actor, Sir Arthur Bliss, and his problems with his children.  This film was the first to win an Oscar, and to be directed by the celebrated John Thaw, who directed the first great British film, the famous The Cabinet Of Dr Caligi.   The film is a spoof, and is not meant to be taken seriously. The satire is meant to mock or be taken too seriously, and although it's not as good as some of the other spoofs from this time, it's still pretty far-fetched. It is an enjoyable spoof of the popular American film The General, starring William H Macy and Anthony Steele. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part of the movie is when you realise that the best friend who can make a movie is the real Jack Nicholson.  The rest is great great entertainment and the movie certainly deserves 10/10 for the superb acting, excellent directing and fantastic cinematography and fantastic settings. The special effects are amazing, and the beautiful cinematography masterpieces brilliantly photographed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of my favorite of all the "Little Men" films. The story was interesting and had some great moments. The cinematography was great and the beautiful colors of the film really brought out the feelings of the people in this story.   I found the end to be very touching and I don't know if it will be for everyone, but if you enjoy watching movies about people struggling with psychological issues or are depressed, then you will find this to be a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is an entertaining story of one family that learns to appreciate and care for animals.  The story is told from a perspective that the animals are intelligent beings with thoughts of their own.  In the end, it is revealed that they have the same feelings as humans.   This movie also deals with the importance of a loving family, pets, and life in general. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line is not weak, but very creative and very unique. I am not a big movie fan, and I don't know if this is one of my favorite movies of all time. This is a great, beautiful, realistic, beautiful movie. The cinematography and creative use of color and light are masterfully created. I also like the beautiful music. I think the ending is very beautiful and it should be in the top ten of the best movie of all times.  I also recommend people to watch it and try to guess what the other side is like. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this as a child in the 50's and it was always the best thing to see and to me, it was. I had to go see it again and I am glad I did. I went with my two friends and got the first ever silent film. I must say that this is not as great as I had heard, but still very interesting and very good. I saw it at about 4 o'clock in the afternoon on TV. It was an absolutely beautiful experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very refreshing and original movie.  The premise is simple: a group of friends gather together for an impromptu swim. They go into the water, swim, get out of the water and go to a party. The story follows the two main characters: a mother of two children, and her two daughters-in-law who try to find their way home.  A surprising and somewhat surreal movie. A nice touch, if not a remake of "Ritchen Under Siege". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of the 20th century. It's a pity that the studio didn't go back to the 19th century and make this one again. This film, though, is a great example of how a man can overcome his feelings of failure.  The story of a young woman who wants to make a story of her own will is a fascinating one. I'll admit that the story is not bad, but that's also the point of the movie.  A lot of the film's best scenes are set in the early 20th and the late 19th. The characters in the film are well developed and detailed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very good, but also very strange, but well-acted and quite unique film, very much a noir-like crime story about the rise of the modern American city, but with all its modern amenities and comforts. The film is not all that bad, the acting is great and the characters are interesting and very human. The ending is surprising, but the point of the film is to showcase the city as an evil place. The acting is masterfully done, the story very well-thought out and well-executed, and the photography superb.  This film is interesting, and I'm glad I didn't pay attention to the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm going to take a trip over to the UK and see this one, because it is a really special film, but this was very well done. It is one of those films that when you are a kid you have to watch, but when you grow up and are no longer young, you'll see it as a great, but not ordinary film. I love special effects, and I like the way that it makes you feel as if you are actually there, and that's the point of the movie. I loved the way the scenes were put together, and it is very believable, especially when you have an adult, that they won't do that and think about it as children do, but will do it as adults do, and think it will be so great. I really enjoyed this movie, but I would have loved to see it again as a young person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The premise of this show was brilliant. I watched the first episode for the first time. I was blown away by how beautiful and great it was. It reminded me of the first days of the war in the Pacific Northwest and how brave and idealistic men and women had to fight for what they had to live for. It also showed how people in small towns were effected by the lack of jobs and resources.  The acting was great, the story great, and the show was very educational. The people in the town were so wonderfully portrayed that I was amazed that they got so much beauty and happiness.  I am not one to criticize other shows, but this was a great show. I am glad that I did not see it as long as I did, I could of been so much more impressed. I wish that the show had been on for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this movie on the New York Film Festival and was surprised how I reacted to it. The story has a lot of historical and it was fascinating to me. I am not going to go into detail but I will say that this movie, in my opinion, is very inspirational. It is a very disturbing and sometimes even comical story. I will be watching this movie again soon to see how it develops and to see if there is a chance to see it again. I have been a fan of Woody Allen since he is not playing the title role in the film and he has also directed and acted in some great movies. The movie is not a bad film but a good one and I hope it will get a DVD release soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie the main character has a little brother and they fight all the time. The fights and the death are so realistic. The brother is not a boy but a man with a serious illness. The death is not sudden and not unexpected. The main character is a very strong person with a strong will. This movie is about all of the different people that fight and are not in it for the money, they are there for themselves and it is about not letting others decide for them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Mystery Men" is a wonderful little film. It has some great moments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a story of love, honor, and respect. The movie opens with the characters in a home in the village of a small Chinese village. There are some interesting characters in the house. One is the old woman (played by Luise Rainer) who has a husband and a son who has fallen ill and who is resting. The other is the girl (Cristina Chong) who is a member of the local school and has seen her classmates lose their dreams. This is their story.  It is also the story of the young people in the town. They have dreams of something special and have lost their dreams to the new world and now live in fear of the unknown.  The movie follows these young people as they try to get their dreams fulfilled.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has everything you could ask for in a great movie. Great music, great story, great acting. Great great great great music and great great performances from all the actors in the movie. A great movie to watch and a great one to rent for your friends and family. The movie is fun to watch, it is fun for kids and for those that love animals. The only reason you may not like it is if you don't believe in reincarnation or believe in miracles. If you do believe in that type of belief, you may enjoy the movie, but if you do not, you probably do not. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not every day that I don't think of some sort of meaning, or some message, that rings true to me. I had a gut feeling for this movie, but I went and saw it again and again.  It is a romantic, even naive movie. The cinematography master works beautifully. The setting is beautiful, the settings well done, and the acting masterfully works on his characters. The story, while simple and not too sentimental, is realistic, but you can't expect the actors to deliver such great performances. The cast is great, with standout performances by Rosalba Neri and Luiz Guzman.   The music is beautiful. The special effects, especially in the movie with the train, are brilliant. A wonderful soundtrack.  The cast, which also includes Maria Conchita Alonso as the female lead, is also very good. I am so glad they didn't use a great soundtrack, I'd have given this movie a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I liked the first two of this movie, but after the wonderful ending, I was amazed at how beautiful and natural this movie was. The cinematography masterpieces are wonderful, and the great performances from the cast were beautiful.  The plot and the story is very believable and beautiful. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with a beautiful garden. A group of children's portraits in the foreground, then the garden is filled with wonderful life. The story follows a number of them as they struggle to find meaning and redemption in a world that seems to be falling apart.  The movie opens with some shots of the garden, as the kids come out for the evening. The scene is beautifully paced, and the whole film is full of beauty and beauty.  A wonderful soundtrack, and a beautiful and touching story.  7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved the first movie, but i've seen the second movie and i don't understand why. So i decided to watch the movie again. It was brilliant and i enjoyed it even more. The whole movie is awesome great.The plot is great and i loved it.It was beautiful and amazing.The cast was great and it worked for the best.I loved it a lot and i still do. i hope they make a new movie.I really don't care about the movie at all. It's great if you want to watch awesome movies. If you don't mind watching a great movie, this is a great choice. 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film's two protagonists are both in their late 20s and their lives and struggles have been shaped by events in their lives. The story takes place in a time of trouble for the world, but it is so real, so serious, and so tragic that the story can be easily ignored. The film features interviews with actual people from the tragedy, and shows the true impact of such tragedies. The main characters are drawn from the disaster and are affected by the horrible things that happen in the world.  The direction, camera work and beautiful soundtrack are stunning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember seeing this movie on TV when it first came out and it still haunts me now. The original movie was a much scarier horror picture, but this movie masterfully captures the mood and atmosphere of a very dark house in the middle of the woods. It's creepy and gory. It also has a good sense of humor, which the previous movie didn't have.  A great cast for this movie. Ellen Barkin, as a young woman with dreams of a great big monster, plays the creepy house occupant, as does a great cast of supporting characters. The film's haunting atmosphere is a good complement to the previous film. The acting is great, the sound is amazing, and the haunting soundtrack is haunting.  This movie is not for everyone, but it is definitely not for those who want a scary, dark, or gory movie. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great movie. A fascinating look at the history and relationships of a 9-10-year old girl and her family. A great story and great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're looking for a good romantic comedy, then you're in for a surprise! A romantic comedy that is smart, and down to heart. The movie doesn't try to be a romantic comedy. It's a funny movie. The characters are great, and the romance is strong. The whole movie is good, and you don't have to be big a fan of Keira Knightley to enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I can't believe how great this movie was, I haven't seen it since."  I remember seeing this film at the old Pabst movie theatre in Boston Common in the '70s when I was 14 years old. My memory of the film is of me and my friends on the set of a movie when we got a chance to see it. The film had me in awe for the entire time. My friend, who was a student of the English Department at Boston University at the time, came across this film and he asked me if I would go see it, so I ran home and got a case of beer and went. He came back to the set to see me and I was shocked, I was in tears at what wonderful film. I thought this was great. It was not. I was amazed and amazed. The director masterfully captured the essence of the movie, that is, the students being poor, confused and angry. The characters are all believable and I personally felt that the film didn't want to let the audience down, it was a powerful and powerful experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm going to take a look at this movie because I like the plot. I think the best movie I ever seen. The plot is great. It's interesting, and the ending great. The movie is great, and I love it!! The best movie ever!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been interested in the idea of the film. When I saw the movie for the first time on my journey to see the movie I thought it was really good, I didn't even though it was quite a bit heavy and I wasn't expecting it as I am a bit of a movie buff. I was pleasantly surprised, I was so surprised that it made me think and was the best I've seen. The story is really good and the acting was great masterfully done and the beautiful cinematography brilliant. The music was very fitting and fitting. I am so glad that I saw it on the big screen, the story and the performances are really great. If you like films that are very dark, you will love this movie, if you like a movie that is light and cheerful and full of good comedy, you won't like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an anglophile, I was very interested in this film. I was intrigued by the title and was quite happy to discover it was based on actual facts. The film is fascinating in the fact that, if it was made around 1900, there would have been many more murders.  I did like the film very much, it was well filmed, had a good script and a good cast, I could watch the whole thing.  If you like anglophobia and are into the history of England's treatment of its people and their treatment of one another, then I am definitely not going to be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to laugh your way through a movie and don't mind a bit of slap stick humor, then you'll love this movie. I love that the movie was so great. I actually laughed out loud the first time I saw it, and laughed hard the next time I watched it. But, it gets better! It is one funny and a very good comedy movie. The story is great, the cast is great and the ending great. It will make you want to laugh and laugh and not like it the next day! It's one of those movies you have to see once, and then it will make your heart pound. I recommend it to anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have to say, I just love it. It is an excellent thriller. The script and story is great, and the cast is great. This is a classic film, with a good plot and great acting. It can be found on DVD in the US, or it can be watched over and over again.  This is very well done, with some great cinematography and great lighting. I recommend this film, it's quite disturbing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this film and found it to be a great film in general and one of the most moving and sad. I did not find it as gruesome as the original and I have seen some of the more extreme horror films.  This movie tells the story of a man's journey to visit his estranged brother's grave site. This film was a great idea, but I think everyone should see this film. It can be found on VHS or DVD.  I hope that everyone gets to see this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is an interesting one, but the film is so fascinating that I would love to see it again.  The scenes in the film, when it is supposed to be the story of the lives of the two main characters and their struggles and what they think about, are so beautiful and touching that they cannot be missed.   I am not saying this is a perfect film, it could be better, and the acting is great. The movie is good and I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not a bad movie. It's masterfully crafted masterpieces of masterpieces, beautifully crafted stories that move along smoothly, and beautifully crafted characters. And it's a great story, with lots of beautiful cinematography. I've seen it all, and this is the best. I loved it. I'm really surprised by it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was really good to see this film again.I'd really like to say this film could be considered a true remake of the book, with a bit more action. The acting was great and superb, but i enjoyed it as much as the first time. The characters were realistic and yet not completely wooden.The story is great and i enjoyed every minute of it.The ending is brilliant, so the whole thing is brilliant. The ending is perfect,but not over the top.  The best part of the movie was at the beginning.It was great to see them all again.It had a great beginning and a great ending. The whole thing worked beautifully.I would recommend this film to anyone who likes fantasy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In "Hud", a doctor with an ulster accent helps a terrorist group plan to steal $100 million from the Bank of England. The terrorists, including the doctor, succeed in their mission. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see if you want to experience something original. This movie is very well done, but not by much.  It's one of those films that you never heard about. The movie is actually good, but the acting is great great masterfully done. I've seen most of the other movies, and this is one of the masterpieces. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was great, I enjoyed it and hope that it gets better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a great movie. I think that it has good acting, great direction, great cinematography, great settings and great special FX. The best scenes were the beginning. It was great and I enjoyed the beautiful scenes. The end was great. I loved the last scene. I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dance of Death" is an early 80's horror-flick from director Robert Romero (who also directed "The Shining") and stars a good cast of supporting characters, including a doctor who discovers that the dead are returning to the earth in order to find their place in eternity.  It's a very creepy story that's played out in a very dark and claustraphobic manner with the occasional shot of a bright light flashing across the screen.  The direction is masterfully handled and the movie's atmosphere is hauntingly beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie in 1988, and it still haunts me now. I was 16 when I saw this movie, but I was still living in a bubble world of post-college angst and drug abuse. I still have flashbacks of my trip to the hospital, and I've never got those flashbacks of drugs, nor was it in the hospital.  The movie is brilliant, the plot is fascinating, and the acting is great. It reminds me of the other movies of this genre, and of those other "drug-drama" films I saw in the eighties and nineties, but none of them have come close to capturing the magic of this movie.  I recommend this movie to anyone interested in the drug-dramedy genre. It's a must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the masterpieces of the 30's. The story concerns a widower (Japhelin), his son's (Walter Kinsella) and daughter's (Marion Ballou) interactions with a neighbor's (Mancuso) family. Japhe lin is a doctor, and is able to see ghosts. In order to see his ghosts, he must first have a son. This film shows Japhen's (James T. Flocker) relationship with his family, his attempts to heal his own psyche by seeing ghosts, and the family's interactions with his son.   It has been said that the acting in this film was fine and that the plot is not a true one, but I would say that it was beautiful, and it works in a magnificent manner. It shows the real life of a family, as well as the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise for this is a fascinating look at a very strange case of an escaped mad scientist. The mad scientist is Albert Einstein, but the mad scientist has made his home in a tiny island off the coast of Scotland. He is obsessed with solving the mystery of a missing submarine, and the mad mad scientist's obsession with solving this mystery is the driving force behind his bizarre behavior. In the meantime, Albert's son, Nick, has been obsessed with the mad doctor's theories of how he can find the submarine.   This is a scary and disturbing film, but watch out for the "splendid" music! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very emotional movie, but i could watch it all and i was very surprised. The first half of it is very emotional, but in the end i found myself crying and laughing in the screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie was awesome. It was well done, and very funny. The film was perfect. The cast was great, and I enjoyed myself every second of it. The story was funny, and so was the film. I would recommend this film to anyone interested in seeing a funny, yet original film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great film. The first half of the film was great. The music was great and so were the performances. The film is great in almost all aspects. It's beautiful and great and the cinematography beautiful and well chosen. I think the film is a great masterpiece in the sense of it being a modern musical. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a couple of guys that have made a very good living by hunting big game animals. The film is very realistic. The animals are realistic. And the sound is great. I love the sound of the animals, and the soundtracks are great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The only flaw that this wonderful film had in common with another brilliant and original film was that it was set in modern times.  I liked the way the two stories were developed and the story itself was developed. The main character is an old man with an ambition to become a writer but he finds his life to be full of happiness, happiness, and more happiness.   A great story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the first 20 minutes of this movie, but once you get to the end of the wonderful film, you'll understand why.  The story itself is one of the masterpieces from the director. It's a love story about the life of a parrot with an intellect higher than an average human's, who loves her family, and then has to overcome life's difficulties.   The cinematography masterpieces is amazing, and so is the great score. It will make you feel all warm and fuzzy inside. It was all beautifully filmed, and it's an awesome film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a child, I remember seeing this movie when I was a kid, but when I saw it again last week on TCM, I can't remember much of it, but I can tell you, the story itself, the acting, brilliant cinematography, and beautiful music, it still holds up, it's just beautifully crafted and masterfully crafted. It's like when the movie is beautifully crafted, you can still enjoy the story, even though it's very similar.  And, I loved the movie, and I can honestly say that, I'm not a huge movie-watcher, I just enjoyed the movie. I saw the movie over a hundred times, and still I'm amazed that I've seen it all.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the words of Mr. Coltr: "I had great fun watching this movie! It had a lot of good humor. But that's what movie lovers are supposed to enjoy." I would recommend it to anyone interested in seeing a good, funny movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a remake of the original film "The Invisible Ray", which was released in 1955. The plot is the same, but it's much better than the original. The first segment tells us about how the "phantoms" of the 1920's were discovered and how it was guarded by the military. They were guarded by a squadron of fighter aircraft, including Curt Morisson and Ray Andrews. The movie also explores the relationship between Morisson's son and Andrews' daughter, who were both members of the same squadron. The story is the story of how a person's dreams can change the world around them. It also examines the idea of what it would take for a person to live their dreams and fulfill their dreams.  The movie's other segments tell us about the Navy's "Black Widows" and the Navy personnel who died in the sinking of the Titanic. The "phants" were sent from France by the crew of the "B" ship to help them survive the sinking. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm always a big fan of all the shows. My favorite shows are "The Adventures of Dr. Fu Manchu" and "The Simpsons." My absolute least favorite is "Teenage Mutant Hero," which is just about every other show's worst great counterpart.  I've never seen anything like it! The whole show is creative and unique, which is why I consider this show to be one of my must-miss shows.  This show has a good premise: If you were ever scared of a certain movie, then this show is for you!  I loved every second of this show! My favorite episodes were the first one ("the opening theme") and the one that made me cry the most (the "The Cure").  I am always up for surprises, and "the Cure" is always my second favorite episode, even if I haven't seen it yet.  "Teenager Hero" is my second absolute favorite show after "Mystery Science Theater 3000," which just had me completely freaked out.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful little horror flick. The acting is top notch. Excellent suspense, fantastic special FX, great suspense and great scares. Excellent special FX. Excellent cast. Excellent masterfully crafted settings and great locations. Excellent perfect timing and great great performances from all the actors. Excellent fantastic settings and perfect suspense. Perfect great suspense! Excellent masterful suspense masterfully directed and beautifully photographed. Excellent great suspense. Excellent settings and settings. Perfect perfect for every horror movie lover. Perfect for anyone wanting a terrifying movie. Perfect. Perfect perfection. Perfect masterpieces from a master director. Excellent FX. Perfect settings. Excellent amazing atmosphere and great suspense masterpieces. Perfect performances. Perfect movie. Fantastic masterpieces and stunning settings. Beautiful special FX masterpieces! Perfect master pieces. Perfect suspense master pieces perfect. Perfect masterpiece. Perfect beautiful settings and brilliant settings. great FX master pieces and great settings perfect for any horror movie lovers. Perfect flawless suspense masterworks from a great master. Perfect FX masterworks and beautiful settings.perfect masterpieces perfectly fit to the movie perfectly. Perfect amazing and terrifying atmosphere perfect for horror fans. Perfect creepy atmosphere perfect to a horror movie.Perfect perfect suspense masterwork. Perfect special FX perfect perfect for all horror lovers.Perfect creepy settings and awesome settings.Perfect suspense master works perfectly for all genre of movies.Perfect masterpieces perfect for a scary and terrifying movie and perfect for anyone seeking a terrifying suspense master piece. Perfect,perfect perfect! Perfect perfect masterpieces, perfect,perfect. Perfectly perfect master pieces perfectly crafted,perfect settings perfect to the film perfectly fitting to the story and perfectly fitting the story to the horror genre perfectly.Perfection perfection masterpieces for a great chilling and chilling story. Perfection perfection and perfect, perfect performances.Perfect,perfect and perfect settings. perfect and perfect.Perfect.Perfect for a chilling and terrifying story.Perfect settings perfect.perfect settings to the terrifying and chilling atmosphere perfectly fitting perfectly with the story perfectly.perfect and beautifully for a perfect movie.perfect to a chilling suspense and suspense master work perfectly perfect for the genre of horror.Perfect and perfect master works perfect. perfect for suspense.Perfect story.perfect.perfect for a terrifying and terrifying suspense.perfectly perfect for your scary and fearful movie.Beautiful settings and amazing settings and stunning special FX in every genre of the genre.Perfect setting for a suspense master.Perfect FX masterwork perfect for an intense suspense masterpiece.Perfectly crafted masterpieces in every genres. Perfect and perfect setting for your
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the last decade, the big American film companies made tons of these "new age" movies. They are made by a bunch of folks that know how to make great movies and have been doing it for a long time.  This movie is not for the new generation, it's not for a bunch on a Sunday afternoon. It's smart, fun and very much fun.  It's not like the kind of stuff made in the last few years. This movie doesn't take a lot of the "new school" approach to film making.  In fact, I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone that hasn't seen the movie before. It is a fun film that I wouldn;t recommend to anyone.  10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like classic 70's black comedy films, you'll love this. I've seen most of the reviews and they're mostly right.   The movie is about a couple of "lone-piglets" and their struggles in their new world. The characters are played by veteran actors and there's some great comedic moments. The songs are good but not "hilarious". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just got back from a movie that was on late at night in my apartment and I wanted to see something different.  I saw this great movie, but it was great fun! I'm glad I went to see it!   It's about the struggles of a young woman, her life goals, and her interactions with her father (whom she works for) that she tries to achieve. The characters are so interesting and well developed that you can't take your eyes away from them! The acting is great, and so are the performances of the actors. I love the movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't know if it is my favorite movie of all time. I have to admit, a lot of the movies I have seen this year are good and there are still some great movies coming up. The movie was great and I enjoyed the movie a lot, but I am still waiting for the next one.  My favourite scene was when they were talking about the best song ever. The best song in the movie.   My rating: 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love the music of the late 70's, and this movie is perfect for a movie. It has an excellent plot and I think the acting is great. The plot is simple and realistic. The performances are great and the story is great fun to watch. I have to rate this movie very great because of the cast. I think this is a good mix of a movie with a great plot. I love how the movie kept moving and was fun and I really don't understand how it made me feel like I was watching it. The only movie I have seen with a plot that great, and I would rate this as a great movie. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good time and who likes to watch good movies with their friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I've seen all of them. I saw this in the early 70's and I can only imagine what great movie this is. It was very touching. I think this was one of my favorite films and all of the other comments I heard before mine were wonderful.  The only one I've heard of was the movie, "Night of the Living Dead." I loved it, but if anyone else liked it, I can't imagine why it was so intense.  I thought the other actors did an amazing job. It made me feel for the characters and helped me understand why they were so upset.   If anyone would like to see this, I'm sure I can give you the details. I'll be waiting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film over a hundred times, and every time I watch it I get the same reaction, I get so surprised at what I have to say, and that is really, I can't believe it was one of the masterpieces that he masterfully directed.  I was impressed by the beauty and intricacies of this film, which in all honesty should have been seen to be enjoyed, I never would have gone to see this film. I still find it disturbing.  The acting is superb, and the cinematography masterfully crafted, which is very impressive considering the very large scale of the images, which I believe were shot on a very large screen, with very impressive use of light, and texture and colors. The use of the sound track was masterfully chosen and brilliantly complemented with music that complemented the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised by the movie. The cinematography masterfully combined images of a cat and a bird in brilliant fashion. The story is a wonderful one, with plenty of surprises. The cast are also great, especially the director's brilliant son Gabriel Garcia Marquez, who has produced some of the most beautiful cinematography movies in the world.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a short film which is about the life of a father who comes back from a job abroad and becomes a father again. The father is an ordinary man with ordinary life and no life, so he goes back to his father's work and gets a job again in a normal way, not a happy life, and tries to get back what he has lost.  The film is about a man who lost his father at work and becomes his father again by getting a job in a bank. The life of the father and the son is good, but the bank is not happy.  This film is a very emotional and touching story of a man and his life as a dad. It is not for everybody, it is not an easy film for everyone. It may be very emotional for some people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to watch this on late night TV. My friend and I have both been huge Ramones fans for years. We can even remember some of their early work. It's really quite amazing how much they have inspired a generation of fans.  There are many great quotes and scenes from the film, so it's hard to know where to begin. It was a fun and funny film with good messages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It was an amazing movie! It was a very interesting movie and i think the film was great in all aspects. It was the best of the films I have seen and the fact that it was so well done in such a short time made the whole experience great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I really enjoyed this film, and it was very emotional, I mean, I had a very hard time watching it and I thought it was pretty realistic, but I think this is also a pretty good film overall. It just shows that people don't always look at the camera and think "Wow! This is really great!" when they're just experiencing life.   It also shows how some people have really bad imaginations, but they have a hard time understanding what the real world is all about.  The acting is great, and the movie is very well made, I loved it, I didn't think it was cheesy at all. The best part is the scene in the bar with the two guys talking about the angels, I think that is a little cheesy, and I think it is a very emotional moment in a pretty depressing and depressing movie.  Overall, I give this movie great rating. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the movies and I have seen them all (not to mention I'm currently a bit bored in watching them all!). This is a wonderful movie and I'm sure I won't forget it in the next couple of years, maybe even in the year of my birth. This movie was good enough, even for my time. I would like to recommend this movie to anyone interested in a good, but slow movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It is an almost forgotten film, made for the first time in Hollywood history, with excellent special effects, but a simple story in the old English way. The story is about a group of women traveling from the Netherlands to the Pacific Northwest in the early 19th century, where they meet and fall in love. The movie focuses on the relationships between the women and their male partners, and also on the relationship between the men and the women who try to survive in the harsh environment.  It's a simple, straightforward, yet very intense tale. The actors do a good job, especially the two leading roles. The film does a good homage to the story of one of the earliest known human settlements on the Pacific Coast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the first ever "Manos" is one of the great stories from the Italian countryside. "La sanguinusa" was a time when the local peasants were happy, but still they had to be patient. This film follows the life of two families who grow together, and try to get the best of the system, and all in the end succeed in doing the right thing, because of lack of faith and in spite of the fact that there is a small country nearby, "La Sanguinaria" is much too far away for them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie was so beautifully crafted and beautifully filmed. I just caught it on my local film fest, and it still cracks me up. This movie made me feel so good, that I almost cried. It had some of the most beautiful cinematography and editing I've ever seen. The story itself is so beautiful and touching. I loved it, and will watch it again and again. It's a beautiful tale of transformation. I would love to see a movie about someone who had lived a childhood like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie that most people have wished to see. The acting, great performances by the three leads, brilliant direction and great performances from all the players made this movie fantastic. I loved it! I'm glad to have seen it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I just finished watching this delightful film. It tells the story of an English painter, a painter with a sense of humor, and his interaction with his wife. I really do not think it was one of the masterpieces of film that has come out in recent years.  The film covers a lot of ground: the subject matter, the characters, the way the story develops, and the editing. The pace is fast, and so are the plot developments. The editing is beautiful, and it works in the sense that it is not trying to be a masterpiece, it is a movie that will tell a story.  One of my favorite scenes was at the beginning when the narrator tells us that he was in love with his dog. The dog came first, and then we are taken to the boat and the two are taken on a ride with the dog. I thought that was funny and moving.  Another great scene is at the end when the artist gives his explanation of why he is not allowed to paint. He says that he is no painter, but a musician, and he has no interest in painting. He is a human being. He has no passion for life, and has a very high opinion of art.  And he really should give us his view of life.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of this film was fantastic, but the second part is a great move and it made me laugh for ages and made me madder for the fantastic acting and brilliant cinematography. Brilliant and imaginative, the third part is an absolute must see, and I have to go to see this now, so why didn't it come earlier, I don't know, it was just the brilliant work of Mr. Antonioni. The final episode is the best part of the whole film, and it should be seen for that reason alone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a nice little horror film. The atmosphere is dark, ethereal and beautiful, but not in a bad way. I love the music. The actors are great especially the lead, but the film is good. And it's so atmospheric and beautiful you will not be scared by the music, the lighting or the scenery, you will be scared just by the amazing beauty of the story. The story is gripping and the end is haunting. It is a tale of love that will not let you down. It has a chilling ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First of all, I've just come to the conclusion that this is my favorite film.  It's about an older couple of friends that decide to get together for a swim. They decide to take a dip in the pond at their local nature park. They get to their fun spot, and there's a beautiful view. It's a little sad to see that they're just about to hit middle age, but I'll take that as it will be.  I enjoyed this movie, and will recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is masterful, beautifully natural and superb. The camera is beautifully close-up, but the use of music and the wonderful setting gives the best effect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a simple, but effective and beautiful movie. The story is simple and touching, and the characters are all real people with lives and struggles that are similar to those of the viewer. The actors play their parts with great sincerity and sincerity, and so we can see and feel their pain. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't believe that this movie was a masterpiece, although it was one of the masterpieces. It was very well-crafted, especially the scene where the boy is walking home by himself and the mother is sitting on the steps, but the beauty of the film was the wonderful music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a simple, very funny, and very well-directed film. A lot of good humor, but I don't want to spoil the movie for you, so I will just say that I enjoyed it.  I think that everyone should enjoy this movie, and I'm glad that people didn't enjoy it as much as I did, because the movie was very funny and well done. I just like how there was one of the "cliché" moments, but there was no cliche. It is definitely something that could have been used to make the movie better.  The actors are very diverse and funny. The movie has a very nice plot, the movie is well-made, and the movie just works well together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie, if you ask me, that I had never seen before.  It was interesting to see a group of guys, who are in the process of making a movie about a very interesting topic, yet there's no boring or boring parts. The movie is creative, with a great script, good camera shots, great music and great acting. The best part of the movie is when the main character is at the beach and he is alone with his thoughts, and is surrounded by life.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so masterfully directed, brilliantly cast and beautifully photographed. It shows the evolution of a mother, a father, a daughter and a brother. The actors' interpretation is based on actual facts and is based upon actual events. It is not an interpretation of the real-life situation. It's a true depiction of a family living together in a foreign country with the constant presence of a young son.   This movie is a real documentary of real-world life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm glad I saw this film, I love it! It has a plot, it's unique and I like the music of the actors, I also like the cinematography and the great score. The movie is beautifully directed, the cinematographic scenes are brilliant, it is nice to look at the different landscapes and the landscapes are beautiful, the actors are good. I really like the direction and the acting, the plot is great and the movie is funny and full of adventure, but the story is so unique that you don't need to have seen the movie to understand the movie, it could be boring and boring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic that never fails to am effective. It is an amusing and often very disturbing story of man versus nature, with a surprising and very unexpected twist in the tale at the end.  The acting is at times wooden, the acting is strong, and the pace of the movie is slow to move.  I found myself as an observer of the film to enjoy it all, and was astonished at some scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had never seen a film with such beautiful cinematography and great imagination, it has moved me to tears, and it was one of the most powerful, most heartrending, most devastating film I have ever seen. It's so real, you don't even see it. You just feel the intensity of the emotions of the characters and the scene.  I'm surprised at how so many people have criticized this film for not being disturbing, shocking or emotionally manipulative. I don't know if people don't find disturbing movies disturbing and depressing, or if people just don't like them. The film is so beautifully beautiful, it's like a movie that the director masterfully directed, brilliantly edited and brilliantly photographed, to create a powerful emotional effect. The cinematography is incredible and breathtaking. The direction brilliantly conveys the emotions and the anguish of the mother, but the story and the direction work brilliantly move you to tears.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first two stories are quite strange but I still enjoy them. They are good, and there is some good humor.  There are also quite a few surprises, and that is one of them.  The ending is a bit weak, but I really like it. The story is great and the music is great. I have to say that this movie is not just for those who like the same genre. It is a great, simple movie. It should be shown in a simple way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great film was made for the BBC and aired on the BBC in 1994. It is not a straight remake of "Trouble In Paradise" and it certainly doesn't make the same mistakes. I really enjoyed the two films in the first place and the soundtrack was OK. The plot of the film is a complex one and I found myself getting lost in the plot quite often, especially when the story line is very emotional. The only problem is that I really don't think there is too much to be honest with the character of Grace. I think that everyone should find out about this person and try to understand what they are like, what they have in their hearts and try their best to understand them.  Overall, I was quite surprised how good it was and how much it could mean to someone if they were not open minded. This film is definitely worth a watch and it was pretty good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not much of a person. I like to watch good movies, especially in the genres of horror, but this is one masterfully crafted masterpiece. The best scene in the movie was when a group of vampires (a perfect cast for this movie) move in together and make their way to the town graveyard. I think it is a great scene, but I still think it's one of the masterpieces of all time.   I've only seen this movie once so far, so I hope to be able to see it again soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the great, funny, and most importantly, the only film that has the potential to be truly bad, bad, and so on. This film is clever and clever. It makes no mistakes about what it wants to be, and that in the end it is still the great story of the relationship of a mother and son, and not the great film it has become. This is a film that doesn't take itself too seriously and in fact seems to be perfect. In the end, it is not like other films that it is reminiscent of.  It isn't bad enough, it isn't depressing, but it is a good film.  I don't have a lot to say about the acting in this film, I just enjoy the performances. All of the characters are great. All the actors have great talents and it is great to see them work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant film about the story of two lonely souls struggling to get along in a strange world, the actors give a great performance in this film. A film about these two lonely beings who have been drawn to each other by their own subconscious desires, the two are given surprising revelations about their past and their journey.  The only drawback to this outstanding film is that there are a few truly shocking scenes in this movie, and that's when it hits rock bottom. The scene where the woman discovers the truth of her life, and the acting in that scene is simply stunning. The director masterfully creates an emotional rollercoaster ride through these strange, shocking and heartbreaking circumstances.  This film is an excellent film, and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to experience something a little disturbing. It is not a horror film, it is a human drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an almost idealised drama. An intelligent, well-written and well-acted piece of work that will be seen on TV and the big screen.  The two main stars of the film are:  Robert Downey Jr. as 'The man with the black hat' and Jude Law as 'the man with no name'. Both of these performances are great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this at the Philly film festival a few years ago and I haven't regretted it, I still have nightmares, flashbacks and have a high metabolism. It's hard to imagine it was that great, amazing, beautiful. The story is simple and realistic, and it seems the director captured a little bit of his childhood and his father's relationship with his mother. The director did a great job creating the setting, and he captures some of the mood of a confused, lonely father who has to deal with the unexpected loss of his father. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story in this film is so intriguing and creative that it's hard not to notice the creative elements, especially the beautiful photography and fantastic musical score.   I really enjoyed the whole film and I'm sure it wasn't that enjoyable for the first time around.  I give this film a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the movie about 6 times and I'm not quite sure what people have complained about, but it was a good one. The movie is light, amusing and has great acting. It is also quite short. There is little of the bollywood stuff. It has a lot more of a Hindi feel to it. It doesn't have the big, gung-ho, over the top Hollywood over the hip action movie that is the standard. Also, the movie is short, so you don't have to rush out and get the big ending. It just works wonderfully. I love it, it has the good taste of bollywood in it.   8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a former student of Middleton College in Middleton, I was excited to see this film. I got the idea from watching the film and I was amazed at the wonderful, romantic story. I was heartbroken by the end of the film. The actors were beautiful and the cinematography beautiful. I also like the concept of the road sign, because it was like a small town in small-town America. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First things first, I like the fact that this is a true story, so there was no prequel, but it is a wonderful film that should not be missed. I think it could of been a much more powerful film if it was taken in a more serious light and showed more of the lives of the main characters and how they got their dream, which was to be a very harsh life.  I think that the story in this film is really good and very believable. I give it a solid 10/10 and I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movie I've seen in the last few years was "The Good Girl", starring Natalie Portman. Natalie Port is a stunning actress, and she shines in this movie. She is at once petite and sexy, and in this film she is at the same time. The story has many beautiful moments, and it's very emotional and sweet. I am unsure how this film will age well, and I am very interested to see it. If anyone is interested, I suggest seeing "The Little Man".  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to watch a great movie, watch this. It is a good film, I like to watch movies, but it is not one of the masterpieces that Hollywood puts out. I love films that are unique. It gives a new meaning to the word "wow"  This is one of those films that I like best. The movie is very well-made, but the script and the cinematography masterpieces are masterpieces of their own. This is not the masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my friends was flipping through channels and came across a movie called "Gilligan's Island" and was so intrigued, I watched it. After a fascinating beginning, the movie turns into a masterful masterpiece of comedy and a must see for any fan of the genre.  It features a hilarious performance by Gillian and a great supporting cast. The actors are superb, especially the cast of the female characters. The songs are also funny, but it is a pity the actors chose to sing the songs for this brilliant film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie that got me into the big movie business. In fact, I saw it on my first time seeing it and I loved it so much, it became my new favorite.  It had a lot of great quotes and great scenes and it's one of those films that I always wanted to see.   I liked it but I didn't want to think too much about it, I just didn't think about it.  I loved the special effects and I like the acting of the actors and I liked the story.  If you haven't seen it yet, watch it soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A great movie with a good ending is a must see for any fan of the genre. This film doesn't fall flat on its face with a strong acting performance by Rain Joan River, as does the terrific performance by Peter Falk as the lonely young man, played by Tom Hulce, a fine actor with a great script and great direction.  The story begins with an unhappy young man taking his leave from the hospital where he's recovering from his ordeal of abuse. His mother is an abusive wife and is willing to give him a place to recover. When she discovers the man has made a new place in his yard, she begins a campaign of harassment. This woman is in the hospital's way of getting revenge on the man who put her husband away.  This movie is a great mix of comedy, drama, but the ending stands strong. A great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has all of the classic romantic characteristics that many movies of this genre have: romanticism, alienation, or self-sacrifice.  However, the story is about the life of two lonely, happy-go-lucky couples, one is a woman with a history of alcoholism and the other a woman without any history of it.  This is a film that is not simply about a relationship between these two lonely people. It's about the peculiar needs of these two, both alcoholic and non, to be with one another and to become aware of their own needs.   As a film, this is a masterpiece that can be seen as either sadistic or tragic, but there is nothing that is depressing about it. The great acting by the two leads and the great writing by Richard H. Dix and Kenneth Branagh makes this film wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have a thirst for adventure and are willing to brave the unknown, you will find adventure in the form of the classic British TV series 'The Man in the Moon'.   The story of the man who goes from being a doctor to becoming a pilot, is one of the most powerful and intriguing of the series.  A pilot who is about to be shot down by a fighter jet, is picked up by a man who was in the hospital with his own twin brother and finds that his brother is also a pilot but the pair become inseparable.  This series, which is also on TV, was a major hit for Disney, but it was not a major disaster.  In addition to being the most watched programme of the year, this film was also the first film to be nominated for the BAFTA awards for the year 2006.   I really enjoyed this movie, and would recommend it to any fan of Disney films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this movie about a year now and after seeing it I was amazed. It has a very unique plot and although I have seen movies like this and was very surprised at how good this movie was. The cast is very good and I enjoyed most of the movie. The special effects are great and I also enjoyed the animation.   I recommend this movie to anyone who likes to watch movies that are very hard to understand and who like to watch films about science fiction.  I would recommend this to any person who likes a good story that have very hard and interesting plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In the beginning of the movie, you see the old man in the cave. He tells you the story of his life, but as the movie progresses, you realize that he has been told a very good story, one that has a very big part of telling us about his life.    I also like the idea of the old and lonely doctor that is very old and very lonely. He seems to be someone that you could talk to anytime.  So, I don't want to say much more than that. I love this movie and think that it is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am really surprised! It is one of the masterpieces of the cinema. It is a genius film. The camera is masterfully crafted, the colours brilliantly chosen, the settings brilliant and the atmospheres beautiful. The music is lovely, the sets great. I really liked the acting and the whole movie. I did not expect it to be as good as I expected, it is so good! A great film with a good script and beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing that I would say is, if I could watch this movie over and over again, and I don't think I can. I think it is wonderfully beautiful. I am so glad that I did watch this beautiful movie, that I may be able to enjoy it again someday. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   If you like my films then this is one for you! I have seen this movie at least once and I can tell you right now, after watching this movie, that I am never tired of it. I never felt that sick. The way that this story moves and is developed makes this a real good movie! I am very interested in hearing about this movie because I don't know any one else who has seen this film! I wish to hear about the journey of this man, and hope that this movie can be told because this man is truly a remarkable person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was my first experience with Burt Reynolds and his magnificent performance as a real-life lawyer. The plot of the movie is very realistic and you are not just let down. Burt does his usual great performance and you can watch his face and his eyes without any emotion. The direction is great especially the cinematography and settings. A great job from all the cast. I liked the movie. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last movie I saw with my wife and me was The Big Chill. This movie is a true story about the last days of the Fifties in the city of Chicago. I had seen the movie a lot and I still have nightmares about it. I remember the movie as a real chilling and I always wanted to go to the lake. But what I saw was a real scary and disturbing movie. And I still do. My mom always had nightmares when she got freaked out and she wanted to scream.  The movie was so good that I watched it when I was younger, I just didn't understand it then. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you enjoy the stories of old and new, then you will love this film. The story line is the main thing of this film, but it is great, it has action, it is a great story line, and it has drama. I enjoyed this film a lot, and if you liked "The Man In The Moon", you will not understand this movie at all.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is good, it is interesting, and it can be quite depressing. However, if you are not a movie-goer, this is not the movie to see. It is a well made, great movie with good humor. I recommend it to anyone. It could be depressing, but can also be uplifting, and if you can handle that movie, then you should be able to handle anything else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is an interesting film and the only disappointment was that it was not more faithful to the book. The cast are well cast and the pace is brisk but it is not over dramatic.  The plot is well thought out, the dialog is great and the direction is masterful. The action is very thrilling and well directed. I am surprised with the movie for the best movie in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a woman with an insomniac, is a sad one. Her husband has died and left her for the hospital. She has taken on a new name and a new life. She is in a sanatorium and the people there are helping her cope with her new condition.   This is a touching film and it is recommended for any person with a long time or a life expectancy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you don't expect to be entertained, give this film a try. I think it is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is excellent but i am glad that it doesnt have the same old boring story line as "My Favorite Year". "My favorite year" is a good romantic fantasy.   The film is a must see! It is one of the masterpieces of 2001. I give 9/10 to "My favourite year". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very sweet, romantic comedy about two 18th century women who are married and have to choose between the two loves and the life they lead together. They are not allowed to choose a life where they are completely free to make their own decisions and their own lives, as they are being forced to live as a result of the society in which they live.  I love this movie and recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed and very suspenseful and well done movie. It was made in 1972 and released in 1972. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is unlike most horror movies, that are so black and white, but is very colorful and full of fun. The actors have great chemistry and are very convincing. The film is very well put together and full enjoyment. The soundtrack is fantastic. The cinematography is great, and it is stunning. This is one to look for. I look forward to the next great movie from this talented team. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a short but sweet and uplifting movie. It is not a comedy but a romantic comedy. It's about two people who meet one day and go back to their lives. A common theme here is that one is always in the wrong place at the wrong time.  There are some funny lines. The most notable are the one-liners about the two main characters. They are a few moments of true comedy.  The plot is quite simple. The two main actors are played by the same actor. One is an old friend of the main character. One's life is in danger and the other is an innocent girl.  This movie is short. It has good acting.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is unfortunate that this was made at the same time as the much hyped "Lord Of The Rings", as it is a far better movie, and better in some aspects, and it is not like the same with Lord Of The rings, which is a very similar story.  The plot is very similar, although the two films are totally different. The first is a tale about the great war that took place in the last 10 years, and the second is a movie about the lives of people who have been affected by this war, which were mostly poor people. The characters in both films have a very large gap between them, with some very good dialog and a very strong emotional side of them. The film takes the same theme of both, and expands it in many different directions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the two stars of the movie is very believable, and not at all predictable. The actors all give a great performance. The story is quite shocking and I am glad I saw it when it was first shown in the '60s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that I never heard of and I was surprised when I went to rent it. I got a great mix of emotions from my young audience: some people laughed, others seemed annoyed and confused; but, for me, this is a great movie. My kids are both fans of the movie, and I don't want them to see it with me.  The whole movie is beautifully paced and the acting works perfectly, although I don.t like all the actors (except the director) in the movie. I especially enjoyed the music, which seemed to come straight from my kids' bedroom.  Overall, I enjoyed it and I hope others do, too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story of a boy's journey to become a soldier is simple and very believable. The direction and cinematography masterfully show the intensity of the boy's feelings towards war and the people he has to kill.  This film was shot in black and white in Italy. The characters are realistic, the acting is superb, and the special effects brilliantly complemented the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In the last years of its run, I saw the movie only once and I was really surprised that the show wasn't better.  The story is simple and sweet and is very sweet, very funny and a bit like "Fiddler On The Roof" except that instead of the story, you actually have a great time watching this film.  I love this movie because it doesn't try to be a masterpiece, it just works great, a great story and good acting. I just think that people are so afraid of a story that they will lose their mind of being surprised and I love that, I can't wait to see the next movie!   I'm not really sure why this movie was cancelled and why the series is now being shown on HBO, the ratings are quite high and I hope to be surprised with a similar movie.  This movie is good if you like "A-Team" and "Hogan's World", this movie is great if you don't and will watch it again and again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, it is the funniest movie I have ever seen. The movie is full of good jokes and one liners, i have seen them all and this is by far the funnier of them all.  I hope that people will enjoy this movie and i would say don't watch it expecting anything big like "Crouching Tiger Mountain" or "Kung Fu Fighting", if you enjoy that kind of movies don't expect this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie for the first time when I was about 12, and I must say I was amazed by the sheer beauty and talent of Helena Bonham Carter. The movie is not as beautiful as The Lion King 2: Simba's Pride, which is a masterpiece of animation, and in this movie there is more animation. The plot is also different. It's not like The Lion's Pride where Simba plays the role of Simba. It is not like Pride where they make Simba look like a complete person. The animation is better than that of Pride. The songs are different and the characters are more diverse. The animals are also more realistic, I guess.  The animation in this is also stunning. I am surprised by the story and the story is so wonderful. I've seen all the Lion King 1: Simbani's Pride and I still don't know what to say about this movie.  This is a good and very short movie. It was very enjoyable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an interesting film. It's set in the year 2019, where a bunch of people meet one night in a bar. The first half of the film is interesting. It focuses on a few women's sexual adventures and a woman becomes pregnant.  Then, a shocking turn of events takes place and things turn out to be even better. The characters are all good, with some surprising twists. The acting is great, especially from the four main characters: Toni Collette, J.T. Walsh, and Kiefer Sutherland.  The story is also intriguing, but the ending is still a surprise. The direction is great and the overall cinematography masterfully captures the atmosphere of a desolate, overpopulated city. The soundtrack is great as well.  I also enjoyed the scene where the women are walking on the streets, all together. I was a little surprised with this film. The ending is a bit ambiguous, and I could be wrong!  I give this film a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea behind this movie is genius. A woman (Mancuso) is traveling with her family and is suddenly attacked by a raven (Fernando) while she is walking down the beach. The raven is obviously a female raven (who has a very sexy raven-soul appearance) and so Mancusoi becomes the female raven-hunter in order to find the raven-cub. The great thing is that the great Mancu-hunter is also a female! She goes to the beach where the raven is, and they become acquainted. This is the beginning of a great friendship between Mancaso and Fernando. The ending is a great scene.  This movie is a MUST SEE! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am surprised at the depth of the human experience and the possibility of a future. The idea that the human brain is not a biological entity, is an amazing insight.  It's a strange and disturbing movie. It's very disturbing, disturbing, beautiful, disturbing. It may be disturbing and disturbing, but it is not disgusting. The best of all, the end of the movie is not depressing. It is uplifting and inspiring.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very heart warming movie. I've been a huge fan of Burt Lancaster and have always been amazed by the number of movies he made. In fact, I think he's the greatest actor of all time. I also think the story is the touching and touching, which is the best part of any movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Wooden Horse" is a very good movie. It has very good music, but the actors are great. A very nice and touching story. Very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had heard of this movie from my husband and wanted to see it. I hadn't heard much about it. So, I called my mom and she said, "Hey, I'd like to see this." She said, I can do that for you," and I was thrilled! I had seen the movie a couple months before and it was great. So it was just something I hadn;t noticed. I really loved it. And the ending made me happy. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes great movie-making. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first 10 minutes of the film, I was so enchanted by the beautiful garden, that I had to watch again to see the beauty of the garden. It was enchanting and beautiful, with beautiful trees, and the gorgeous Fall shots. I also had to see how the different animals moved in the garden, and how they interacted with each other.   What I enjoyed most about the movie, was the use of natural light. The beautiful Fall shots were beautiful, the beautiful Spring shots, and it was amazing how the animals walked around and interacted with the animals.  This is the first film I have seen that uses natural light, which has been used in many documentaries, and is used for many animal movies. It is very dark, and can be very disturbing, if you want to feel something, even if you are a child. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise is simple, yet incredibly compelling. The story concerns the life of a woman living with a terminal illness. Her family is torn apart when the husband dies. The film is based on actual facts, and the film is able to bring about real change in the lives of the people who are affected by terminal illness or AIDS. The actors are great, and so are the actors in the film.  The music is haunting, the film beautiful.  This is an indie film that should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason I watch this film on a weekly basis is for the music (see below), which is usually good. The acting and great music are the perfect complement to this brilliant movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a fan of "The Big Chill", and was very happy to discover this movie from the video store. I bought this movie about 4 years ago on VHS and I was happy to find it in the store. Now I must say, I am not always a big fan of movies with a good story, but this is a great movie!! It is a very good movie, and it made me feel like I am actually watching it! It is not a movie that I could enjoy over and over again. It is funny and I highly recommend it to anyone interested in the history of the west, or the history and natural environment of the Southwest, where there are many places to go, such as Red Rock, or Big Bend, or Indian Creek, or Lake Tahoe. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story of two families living together in the countryside is something that is really not often used in movies, even though I think it is quite popular, but this is definitely not one to miss, it is an inspiring tale of family, living together, and how each family has a different opinion about animals, nature, etc.  This movie was very short and I did not expect it to be very powerful or great. The only drawback I could see is that there are so many beautiful animals and landscapes, that I could not really take my eyes away from them, but that is just my personal opinion.  I also thought that the music was very beautiful and it was very fitting for the movie. The movie was also very well filmed in a nice rural setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very entertaining and imaginative movie with some good acting from the two main actors - Michael Keaton and William H Macy. Both are very good, but there is a lot of action and some very nice music. It is a movie with a very low budget and great imagination. This is not really about a car accident, it is about the two guys who work together.  The story is set in a very old mining town, where the main industry is iron mining. They use huge equipment that looks like a giant mining crane to dig iron ore. When they start to work, the miners start falling to the ground. It's a very gruesome and gory movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen this movie over 20 years and it still shocks me how good it is. The best thing about the movie was the fact that I can't understand why so few have commented on it - I am surprised by the fact it was directed by John Barrymore - and he's certainly the master of all his films.   Barrymore's ability to create a great story from so simple a plot is commendable. The movie is also very well-acted, with some great moments (the scene where the girl is running away in the woods with the dog) but the film is far from being the great masterpiece of all time.  I am not even sure if I've seen this film, but I'd like to - so I can be sure to get my 15 minutes of bliss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A man dies and his wife remarries and takes his last child with her to a distant relative and asks her to accompany him to his old home.   Soon the relative agrees and they plan to go to his grave and have a little surprise.  The husband doesn't really know what to do but decides to take the child on a long journey in the woods. He tells his wife that he's taking her to meet some old friends of his and that he wants to show her his journey.  They soon arrive at the place and there he finds a large stone that has some strange powers and can create objects that will kill or harm people.  It seems to be a very good stone and I can't really say I have seen it before.  If you enjoy old B movies this one is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this film and I was amazed and amazed at just how beautiful and brilliant it is. The beautiful and beautiful music by Paul Gilbert (who also composed the magnificent score for the film) and the wonderful cinematography from all sides give a great dimension to the movie. The story of the story is one of life's most important issues and the movie depicts the story of a boy, who is forced to live with his abusive father, who doesn't love his son or respect him and he has to live in a horrible situation.  This is a great movie that is full of adventure and mystery. This film is not like some of the more cheesy, romantic films from Hollywood that are full of plot, direction and production. The movie is full with a plot that has many surprises and surprises. A story full of surprises and mystery that is made to seem more profound by the beautiful and haunting music and the great cinematography. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title, a play on words, refers to the plot line of this film. In the end, the main character of the story, Trelkovsky, realizes that life is just not as easy as he had thought.  It was in this realization that he realized that he must live in order to fulfill his dream of becoming a "hero".  This film is very emotional and I felt that this was the main theme of the movie.  Trelkvky's interpretation of the "hero" is very believable and I hope that in the future he will use other actors for this role. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching this movie for a long time, but I can't remember the first time I saw it, and I must admit I was surprised by it. I was expecting something similar, and was surprised to find it a good one, and although it didn't take long to realize it wasn't another story I was still surprised at how great it was.  The story is a little different from the other movie, although I found it a little strange and a bit forced, but that's about it. There is no unnecessary details, but it's a good story, although not one that I haven't seen in a lot of movies, but as far as movies go it's not bad at all.  Overall, great atmosphere, great music, great cinematography, great cast, great special effects and great acting. 7/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to watch this in 1974 when I was a kid. I didn't see the ending until my late teens when I heard it on TV.  The story of two brothers growing up and out of the depression is very interesting and has a good ending. It was released in 1974 for TV and I didn`t think I`ve ever heard of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this film and I think it is very close to the original.  The film is very funny and I like the plot and think the movie is pretty original. The acting is good, and the direction is masterful. The story is great, but it is funny and it has great performances from the main characters and some great actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the touching story of the bond between a man and his dog, which is a wonderful movie with lots of animals.  This movie is about a man who realizes his own weaknesses and learns to appreciate the animals he lives with. The animals in the movie are adorable and give a sense of "bondage" to their human companion, which, like a love story, is totally unrealistic.  It's a cute movie that you could watch on TV if you wanted to. The plot is really good and the animals are cute and the story is very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a lonely middle age woman and her family of six with an active imagination and a passion for life. Her father (played by Brian White) is a simple, honorable man who's dedicated to his family, and his mother (Maggie Gyllenhaal) is devoted to her work, and has a passion to be near her mother (played again by Susan Hayward). They are both in dire need of companions, but the husband is already dead and wants to know what's going on, but when his wife opens her closet, he finds a letter and invites her to meet.  The acting in this film is great, especially the performances of the mother and son. Susan Hayward is beautiful and sexy, but her role in this movie is very simple and real. Maggie Gyllenhhaal is perfect for the role, and the other actors are equally impressive.  This movie is a wonderful, sweet and simple film that doesn't have to be romanticized. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very refreshing story and very touching. I don't know if I've ever seen such a touching story, but I have been searching for it for some time now.  I'd like to see more of it, but the DVD has been so good lately, I have found myself searching for the next installment, and am so glad I did.  This movie is very touching and sad. There are no sex scenes in this movie, as I have seen some very nice films with sex scenes, but this is the real deal. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great movie and not an indie movie like so many indies, this is not for the weak hearted.  The story is interesting and is in fact, very serious.  There is a very interesting plot line about an ex-dictator and the effect he has on the life of a very simple, yet very unhappy country.  It also has a good ending and this is what indie movie has a bad ending.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film to watch with your kids. But if you like good films like "Top Gun", "Acese Balo" or "Armaggeddon", this is not for you. The only reason to watch this is if you want to laugh at the goofs of this film.  The humor is great and the story is original, well-told, and well-directed. It is a good film that can be easily missed.  If you have any idea of a good, funny, or touching film, you will love this movie.   8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this as a child. My parents were very big movie lovers and the old silent film they had bought for me at that time was lost.   The story of the young, naive painter, was fascinating and I've never forgotten it since.  The film is a fascinating glimpse into his world, the relationships of his wife and his children, and the art he made. The story is at times silly, and at other times painful and I hope to see this as the ending approaches.  If you have ever lived with someone who was in a relationship with someone like this, I would advise you to take a look at the film, and try to understand the relationship. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A few years ago I stumbled onto a DVD of this documentary and I was so excited I couldn't stop laughing and watching it. After watching it I was hooked, and the next day I found myself not caring what happened next, I wanted to go and see the film again. I am a big movie fan, and even though this was a very slow film, I felt like I was watching it masterfully. The acting is amazing and the story is fascinating. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a great documentary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a movie that is full of great comedy, great dramatic acting and great music, this movie was brilliant. The music is beautiful, the cinematography brilliant, and the beautiful cinematography great. I was surprised by the beauty of this movie. The movie is one of those great movies that you have to watch several times in order to appreciate.  It is a movie for everybody. If you are a music fan, you will enjoy this movie very much. The song "My favourite song ever" is a very old one, and a very sad one at that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like the first one very much, and i don't really think i'll say too much more. The other one i have seen is the best, which is actually not a bad movie. I just love it and i hope it helps the movie a little more.   My rating: 8/10, beautifully created. 8/5. Perfect score, perfect acting. 7 masterfully crafted beautiful story and great performances by all the actors. 8.1 stunningly beautiful music. 8 beautiful gorgeous and amazing beautiful girls, beautiful and amazing. 8 masterfully done beautiful scenes of beautiful girls. 9 masterfully played. 10 beautiful beautiful and beautiful beautiful, but all together beautiful and stunning. 10 masterfully directed scenes. 10 wonderful and beautiful. 10/10 beautiful movie, a master piece, perfect movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Case of the Scorpion" is a good film to watch after a bad night of your life, and that's why I like it so much. It's a fun and very realistic action adventure with plenty of surprises and surprises. The story is about a man who discovers that his sister, his brother, his sister's husband and other people are all bitten by a mysterious insect, which is spreading to nearby people and is now attacking them, killing their loved ones and leaving them with strange and painful scars. The film doesn't try to shock the audience with a shocking and gruesome film, but it certainly entertes. The characters are realistic, with all of them wanting something to happen, and the special effects and makeup are great, and I'm not at all surprised by that.  The film has a few flaws: there are a few "filler" scenes, and some "continuity" with the story, and there are some really great explosions and chase sequences. The plot is interesting, and a lot of the music sounds good, which adds to it's entertainment value. The ending is kind of cheesy, but I guess if you liked "The Amazing Mr. Limpet" you'll enjoy this.   I give this film a 9/10, and it's very good, especially considering the rating. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie when I was backpacking with my kids and seeing the movie's trailers. The music was beautiful and beautiful, and the whole movie reminded me of something I heard my grandmother sing in church every Sunday morning. It was a great movie! I hope it has a chance to reach wide distribution. I've tried to watch it on my own since, and I'm surprised how far I've gotten. If anyone has any info regarding where I can obtain a copy, I'd like to contact me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is based on a true story of the struggle of the former British colony of Hong Kong as it was during the late sixties.  The acting is superb and the direction masterfully captures the mood of the times.  A very well cast, with good lines. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining, very touching and realistic film. The story itself is one of many films of this genre and there are others. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this when it was first released in 1970 and I am amazed how it has aged so well in all this time. I am glad I caught it on TV in the 70's and not on the big screen, but it was still scary. I just wish that this movie wasn't as misunderstood and over-the-top as it is today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the wonderful and wonderful movie. The film is about the life of a cat, a bird and an aquatic animal. The story is about these animals and their interactions with each other. This movie was a wonderful movie, the animals beautiful, the bird beautiful and I even like the cat. I would recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to understand the Italian Mafia, don't miss this excellent little movie.  The movie has its moments of brilliance, but they are few and far between.  It is also nice to see how they are able to take their criminal activities to a new level.  This is the story of an Italian criminal, his wife, his friend, the police and mafia members.  I would like to see more of the story from the point of view of the mafia members themselves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very moving film about the migration of the peoples of the Bajau tribe of Nepal. The movie follows a boy who is taken to the mountains by the Nepal Army and his friend, a soldier, and the two are forced to fight to the death. The story is a serious one and a very sad one. The fight is between life and death and the boy is killed. But as he is not dead he goes back to Nepal to become the king of the hill people, and to his surprise, he finds that he has not only lost his family, but also his sister. And the girl is the reincarnation of his deceased sister. But the boy and his army do not know what to do, they follow the guidance of the spirits of the mountain people and try to kill the boy.  The movie is not for the weak hearted, nor the sick. It is a disturbing story about the struggle of the Nepali people and their inability to find a path to happiness, which is only natural, and their quest for a path that is beyond their abilities. The director of the film, Chabat Kheki, is one of the best directors of all time and has directed many of the lesser Nepali films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this film, and was very happy with it. The script was beautiful, and the beautiful cinematography beautiful. I really like this kind of movies, but I guess it isn't always easy to find. I like a lot of different movies, and this is one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a great film, and I think the music was good, the film was well done, and that's why it won an Oscar, but I enjoyed it, because the plot was great, the acting brilliant. The direction and cinematography master worked beautifully together to make a great movie.  The ending was touching, and you don't have to take my word for it, I just love the movie, but if you are into the movies like me, you have to see it.  10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this film at least five times, and I am still shocked that I can still feel the emotions of the two main characters.  I just wanted to make it clear that I am not a Christian (as I am, most of the time anyway), and that this is not an attempt to show people how the Bible deals with homosexuality. It is not about "God's love" or "sins of men". It is about the human condition, and about the existence of sin in all of us.   There are some good movies about this kind, but not many, and that is what I find so scary about "The Prodigy".  The best part of the movie is at the beginning where the doctor, who is a former Christian (a doctor who has changed his mind about his profession), asks his co-worker for his autograph, and the co- worker (another Christian) gets all kinds of strange and refuses to sign it. He just leaves it to be signed, but the wonderful scene doesn't reveal it.  Overall, great film. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As the title says I am not a big fan of science fiction films, and am quite surprised when watching such great art, but after watching this wonderful film I was amazed. The movie is brilliant and has a fantastic plot. The main theme of the movie was the relationship between the main character and the main heroine, and it was believable.  The acting was brilliant. All the actors gave wonderful performances. They were all realistic, with great dialog and great timing. I would like to note that I don't know why this film was so well liked, I only know that it was because of the fact that it dealt with some real problems in the world and that is why it is not seen in Hollywood films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and hope that others do as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First things first, if you are going to watch this film, don't miss the opportunity to laugh at the magnificent acting and fantastic visuals from the creator of Spaghetti and the Holy Grail! If you are interested in a good story about friendship, then look no further. If you enjoy watching a comedy, you will find it hilarious, if not a bit silly, but a bit dull! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie if you want to see a good story and you like to see some good movies with a good plot. But if you like the movie with a great plot, this is the perfect movie for you.  If you like movies with good story, great acting and great music, this movie is the one for you 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It has all the classic characteristics: a classic love story between a famous scientist and a famous, very wealthy woman; a typical romantic tale of science and the beautiful woman; and a typical plot of a scientist discovering a new way to make something better.  What I liked about the movie was the fact that it is set in a fictional world, and not the actual world. I didn't like it because the movie takes place in the actual, real world, with all the typical elements that make it a real movie, but also because it has a good plot. This movie is perfect for movie lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of the masterpieces from the great director of "Dog Days", this is also his first film. "Dog days" is a well made but simple film that isn't bad at all. It is the second movie in which James Stewart is great, this time he is good again, but is the best actor of the century. The main character of this film is Dog Days, played by Stewart's great co-star, Al Franken, a very old actor, and the only reason that this movie isn't as good as Dog Days is because of the great actors, who are great, but very good. I give this movie a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A simple story of a young boy, Thomas, who is obsessed with his dream of becoming a professional fighter, and a simple girl, Mabel, his girlfriend, decides to try and get her life together by boxing at the amateur level.  While Thomas is on his way to his dream, the small town he lives in, is visited by a very strange and terrifying man named Michael. Michael shows up with a strange book and, very confused, begins to show off to Thomas.  Once the book is opened, Michael tells Thomas that he has to learn to read before he can understand, and it's scary and confusing to see the book. This is a scary movie for anyone who has a fascination with dreams. It's also a movie that you can watch over and over again with your friends and you will still get scared by it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "The Lady Vanishes" is a wonderful little film about the famous Van Damme character, and the story is a real treat from start to finish. The film is a lot of fun, and if you like Van Dammes you will find plenty of it, but if you enjoy Van Dammed you will not find this gem.  The Lady Vanished is about a famous Van damme film, which in a strange way seems to be able to take a very ordinary subject and make it into something very original and creative. Van Dammese is a great film in every aspect, and has the power to make you laugh, as well as find your heart pound. It also features a fine performance from the cast of John Barrymore and is quite a disturbing and gory experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't know if this is one of my favorite films, and it is one I wouldn't want to admit to my friends. It's got a great plot, and although it is not all that great, it is funny and the acting is great, and the movie is great fun to watch. I also like the fact that the story line is based on actual events, and that it is made into a movie by people who have actually experienced what the movie deals with. It is an excellent movie, but if you are a person who is going to watch the movie just to have a good time, I would suggest the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It was one of the great romantic comedies, starring Richard Dimitri, as a divorced couple, with Dimitri having a new life in the big city, and the others being their co-workers, but they are so on the mark with their witty dialog and great acting that they really make it work.  A charming and romantic piece of work, which really isn't all that bad, but in the end, it works because it doesn't try to work too hard at it, and it isn't trying to work, it really works beautifully and is quite enjoyable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not too often that a great film is made by the director of a film, but this is one of those gems. I've seen this film about four times, and every time it's great, and the next time great, but then it becomes great again. I just enjoyed it. The story is great, as is the acting and the beautiful landscapes. The film isn't as stylised as some of the big Hollywood films, but it isn't all that bad. I would highly recomend this film, especially considering the fact that this film is only on VHS, not DVD, and even though I love the soundtracks, I am not keen on the soundtrack as a whole, as it has aged well over the years. It really suits the story nicely, and it is very atmospheric, and I personally felt like I was not there. It was quite scary at times, but the gore is great. It also has very nice gore effects, which were not used in the original film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out great with the appearance of a couple of old pro players and it develops a fine plot in the first 15 minutes. It has a nice good story and a good direction, and the film is excellent. A good cast, great film and a great screenplay. 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The premise of this movie is a great one. I have seen many comedies, and this one is one of the masterpieces of this genre. The plot is very original and very funny, with great actors and great settings, but the movie is funny, so you'll be laughing right along with the others. The ending is very touching and makes you feel like a second one of your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the theatre and I really enjoyed it and was so surprised that it wasn't better on TV. The acting was great and wonderful especially from the two leads who were good as the two young girls. This is an action packed and exciting movie. If you like to see an action movie, you'll love this movie. I hope this movie doesn't get any better, so that we can all get to see this great movie. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this in my high school drama class, and it still haunts me. My friend was scared, but she is now freaked out by it. And I am scared by it still, as I am. The best thing in the whole movie is that when you leave the theater, you can't stop in horror. The whole movie masterfully captures the terror and terror of the unknown. It's so thrilling and terrifying that you will be scared for life.  I would recommend this movie to anyone. I love the movies of Steven Spielberg, but this is a solid and well-made film. I hope that one day this movie will get released on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful, and quite surreal fantasy film, which takes place on a small scale in a small Chinese village. The story is about a woman, named Xiao Cheng, who dreams of becoming a witch and uses her dreams to torment the villagers of the village. One night, a witch comes to her door and kills her in her dreams. But what does the witch do with Xiao Cheng? The witch has a beautiful gown, but also a very creepy smile. She uses her dress as a medium of torment and her smile as a weapon. When the villagers discover what the witch has done, they try to find her. And they find it in a witch museum. They find it very disturbing. And this movie really gets creepy!  The movie is very strange, and dark, with some scenes in which some villagers are burned alive and some villagers in a cemetery are decapitated. Very creepy! But there's also some disturbing scenes in the movie. The scene with the decapitated villagers in the cemetery is one of the most disturbing. I found it disturbing, disturbing, and disgusting. The witches use their dresses and their smiles to kill them. And we find it quite disturbing. The villagers are very strange and strange. And that's really scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is a beautiful tale of love and devotion, as a woman is drawn into the life of a very strict and devoted man, who is very close to his church and his family, and as such, he is ready to sacrifice everything for the man and the church. The man's life is a constant struggle, as he is unable to accept life, and instead spends his time cleaning the church, praying for the Lord, and trying to get the wife of his deceased wife, who has died, to forgive him. This movie is the touching story of a man's pursuit of his life and his struggle to live as he has imagined.  The music is very beautiful, and the performances of the actors are excellent, but it is very emotional. This is a movie that should not be missed, and anyone interested in watching a movie should see this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Black Cat" was the first ever silent film by director Ernst Lubitsch. His earlier "A Dog's life" was a powerful documentary. Now the first feature of his new movie "Kriemhild" (1902), he turns to the story of a German noblewoman (Pelts) who takes a trip to see her family in the old continent. She travels by train through the mountains and she is shocked to see that the trains are going the same speed. She has to keep up, she's going to lose her precious time! When she arrives in a village, the old woman tells her story to the young girl next door. The girl says she'll take the girl in for her sick grandmother (Lubitsch). When Lubitsch sees the girl, he says to his partner, "I wonder if she is a witch?"   The young girl replies, "yes, she is." She is indeed a witch! Her grandmother (Kriemnhild) tells her daughter (Luben) that she'll lose everything if she follows her instructions. When the girl asks her grandmother (Gunnar von Trotta), "Why?" the grandmother (Boris Karlsson) says, "She said she wanted to have sex!"   Her daughter (Schnaas) says that she's had it! Then she says, "...I'll have you back in a minute." She's a witch too! Her mother (Ludwig van Muren) says something to the girl. She says something back. She can't understand. She doesn't understand what she's saying.  The girl is scared and runs away to her grandmother's room. She stays there and waits for the grandmother to come in. The grandmother stays too. She hears the girl's story and asks her, "Have you not eaten dinner yet?" The grandmother's (Rudolf Klein) tells the girl she's been instructed to stay in the room with her.  But the girl says, her mother is a old woman who doesn't need her, she can eat supper with her grandmother! But when she gets up and says to her mother, "If you want to talk to me, you need to listen to me! I need to take a bath!" the mother (Gina Lollobrig) says "Yes! I'm hungry too." So she goes to the room and finds the old lady (Rosenstrasse) and asks, "Are you
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie in a magazine and after watching it on my own and seeing the wonderful reviews, I was surprised. I am a big film buff and was amazed at the great cast and great performances of these actors. The whole movie is well made and great in every aspect. I thought it was great especially from the two main stars. This movie is great to watch and it has great acting. The movie also has great special effects. The beautiful scenery is breathtaking, and the movie is a great film. The plot is very good and the story is interesting and realistic in every way.  I have to recommend this movie to anyone. I would love to see it again, I would watch it again if it comes on.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short, sweet and poignant piece of film-making, the two men were great, but the film doesn't fall into their hands easily. The story is simple, and full of good-natured humour. I like the way the story is structured, and the characters well developed, although they are caricatures of the two main characters. The main character is a shy, lonely person, who has very high standards and values. He doesn't want to show his emotions and he doesn't think his wife would understand if he did. He's a person who will never be able to fully appreciate a situation until he's willing to do something about it, even if it means putting his own life in danger.  In the film, these two characters are put in situations where they can't fully realise their own fears and realise what their own lives would look like if they were in a similar situation. I also like the scene where the woman leaves the husband and finds that she has to live on her own and does something crazy like that.  I don't think that this film is going to appeal to any other person than those who have watched the film already, and it's pretty easy to predict what people will think. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very moving and inspirational movie. I think everyone should see this movie. It shows that there is always hope. And that miracles do happen. The young boy in the movie is an amazing one. He is such a wonderful person that I will pray for him. I hope everyone sees this movie and that they will be able to find the hidden message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are looking for a romantic anime, look no further. It's got a very romantic background and the animation is very great. The music is very fitting and you will enjoy the song 'Rise by Night' (if you are a fan of Haruhiko Mikimoto). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true story of persevering through hard times. It is a movie with action, suspense, action, a great plot, great suspense, and great suspense. The movie is also beautifully photographed. I loved every minute.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite scenes is at the beginning when the title, "Stolen Kiss" appears on the screen, followed by the song "The Lonely Girl" by Eddy, who is the only one in the movie that I know of. This movie is a very touching romantic story. The story is about a girl who, while walking with her father, meets a boy, and from the boy she falls in love with him. It is also very disturbing, as the ending is very disturbing and it is a sad movie.   I recommend this movie to anyone, no matter how you feel about Eddy. It will not ruin your movie, and you will not regret it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie for a couple of years after it came out because of it's original plot and the cast. I thought the movie was very good and although the story was very similar to other low budget thrillers I've seen it's still a fun movie.  This is a very good movie and I think the actors did a great job,the plot was original and you have to look at it for the whole movie to enjoy. The ending surprised me the most. I was very surprised when it came to an end,the best part of the movie is the beginning where you don't know what's going to happen. It surprised me,thank you very much for this great movie. My favorite part is the ending when all the things are explained and you are ready to go.   The movie is short and you can watch it anytime you want,thank me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like the idea of the movie, which was inspired by the play of the same name in "Bid Time Return" and "The Mother" and I liked the idea in "The Family Stone" and was disappointed with it.  The story in "Halloween" is about a witch witch and her family who move into a new house after the previous family is burned in the family graveyard and the witch witch is haunted by the spirit of her dead sister. The witches, who were witches in their time, haunt a cemetery and a young girl is the key to their success.   The "scary" and fun aspects of the film make it even scarier. The main character is haunted, her ghostly apparitions are terrifying and she has great strength and magic. Her strength and power are manifested in her costume, which is very scary. Also her magic is very strong. I think this movie is great if you are interested in ghosts and are frightened by them, but not for the audience, as this movie was intended for children only. I am surprised with this movie and would like to see it again.  I am not to mention that this movie does not have the same scare factor as the other horror movies I have seen. It is great, creepy, fun and scary. I really like the concept of the ghosts in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It has been 16 years since I have seen this movie, and to this day I have never seen anything more touching, and heart-warming, than I have in "The Mother" - a movie that I still haven't seen, and I know it could only be one of those wonderful "hollywood indies". I can't think of anything that could have made me cry more than this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a comedy, but it is not a comedy that you can laugh out loud and expect to get laughs. This movie is funny, but the jokes are funny and I can't tell you how to react to it. This is the perfect blend of comedy and drama. I love the acting of the actors, especially the cast of the main characters in this movie. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It has been about 3 weeks since my first viewing of this film. I was pleased to discover that this is a very good movie. The direction is brilliant and the use of the beautiful Sydney Opera House as the film studio was beautifully filmed and the performances of all the characters and the audience was wonderful great. This film also uses the Sydney Opera house to great effect. The cast is also very good. The music is very great but the overall look of the film is superb. It is not a bad film by any means. If you enjoy Sydney Opera then I would definitely recommend this film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of the "Lord of the Rings" and "The Hobbit" movies, but I can't say I enjoyed them. I can only say that I was entertained by a good film.  The cinematography in this was brilliant and brilliantly beautiful. The camera shots and editing are brilliant, and the score by Paul Williams was beautiful.  I would recommend this film to any fan of any of the above mentioned films. 7.4/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film for the young Brian Flemming.  I had been waiting for this film to arrive on the IMDB website for a couple of days. After all I am very good and I always like watching old movies. But I was very happy with this film. It is one of the masterpieces of the Flemme films.  It seems like a perfect match for this excellent and funny movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this at the 2002 Sydney Gay and Music Festival and it was a big hit! The film is set in a small Australian town and is set to a soundtrack that was used in the 70's as a soundtrack to accompany Australian films. I love that the film is not all about Australia as it is about the idea of growing up gay. It is not like I was expecting of. The characters are all unique and are all believable and it is great that the actors are all Australian.  If you are interested in the story of a young Australian boy coming to terms with his sexuality, then I would recommend this film. I don't know anyone who liked it but I sure hope they keep it up! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the first film that I have seen that I am really, truly surprised by. But I was surprised by this beautiful, funny, and touching story. The movie has all the classic elements of a movie: a love interest, a love story, a romance, and some great moments. It is like any movie with the characters being so great, beautiful, and thoughtful, you will be rooting for them through the entire movie. You will laugh, and you will cry. You want them to succeed in their dreams. You hope they succeed in theirs.  But what is great is that this is a real story. And that it is made so brilliantly. It made me sad for them to go through such a hard life, and that people will get hurt in the process. It makes me sad to think of what their lives will be like in the future.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie but I would probably never recommend this movie to anyone. I saw this movie first in the theater when I was 7 years old and I never got bored with it. It's a very simple story of a man who is attracted to a girl of the same age who is a virgin. It was a very interesting story that I'd like to read and I'm guessing it was a straight-to-the-point story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie opens with a great scene. It is shot on a beautiful spring day in central England and all of a sudden the light shines through the trees, shines through my eyes and fills me with life force and energy. The scene is one of the most powerful scenes I have ever seen in a movie and a great one. It has a great deal of great acting and great direction. The characters are all believable and interesting. I highly recommend this movie to anyone interested in a very powerful movie. I would have to say that I saw this movie twice and I highly recomend it to anyone else. It was one of my favourite scenes in the movie and it was very powerful and I would strongly recommede to watch again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had always wanted to see this film, and I went to see it at a screening of the film a few years ago and was surprised at what I saw. I was surprised to see a film that was able to capture the full range of the emotions of adolescents and their parents. I have seen the film several times and it was never quite the same as the movie in the film. I felt that I got a sense of what the movie is about and I think that that everyone I talk to about this film gets the same feeling that I did.  The film is also depressing in that it makes you angry at the things in your life and then gives you hope that things will get better. It also shows that you do not have to be a parent to be hurt by this film. It shows that there are other people in your world that are hurting, and that we are all human.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was an amazing film and it is the only movie I know of that was so moving. I saw it with my 8 year old daughter and she loved it. We both wish more movies were this great. I am hoping that this movie will make her as big a movie buff as her sister. I don't want to put any spoilers. All of my family loved it and my youngest cried at the end. This movie blew me away. I'm glad I saw this wonderful movie. I hope that this film gets more exposure. I can't wait for this movie to come out. Thanks for letting me know! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title refers to a movie from the director of "Hollywood Homicide: A True Story". This movie is not a true story, it is a fictional tale. The story is real. It's a very real, very disturbing story, one that shows how a real person could be victimized by a senseless crime. The main character is an innocent, sweet, innocent, and naive person.   The movie also shows how people are affected by senseless shootings and how they're willing to suffer and lose their lives in order to escape the terror of these senseless acts of violence. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The original movie has been banned in the UK for over 20 years. It was banned because of the content and the fact that it deals with a very serious subject.   There are many reasons why this movie is not suitable for a wide audience, but the main reason is because it deals so much with the subject matter of modern day child abduction.  What makes the movie a masterpiece of great cinematography is that it makes you think and feel for the victims involved. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film from a former student of mine who just finished up his degree in the film industry and was so excited to see his first film (even though he has been working on it for more than twenty years), that he was not able to stop watching and enjoying.   I've seen it all. I saw it as an assignment and as a class project. I liked it. I was very impressed by it. It was so well done and well-crafted that I wanted to be able to buy it myself, but I was so impressed by the beautiful and talented acting that I watched it many times, even though I knew it was not a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very emotional and beautiful movie. It was a real nice surprise, even though the movie was in black and white, and had the same music as "Possible Man". The acting is great, and the plot works very well, and I love the beautiful cinematography and the beautiful music, that works perfectly together, specially for the scene where you are watching the movie with the music turned on and the sound track.  I like this movie very much, even if it is a little boring, which is the case with some of my other favorite movies. The cinematography is very great, so that it makes the movie more beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In one of my favorite scenes I saw was at the beginning, where the little girl meets the little boy's father. He and his friend have the same father, and he is a nice old man. I really liked this scene, because it showed a couple of their feelings towards each other. I think they could have been a little more realistic.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm gonna be blunt with you guys and say that I have never been that big a fan of Bollywood actioners. I have to say, though, that this was awesome as hell. It was awesome in the way that actioners should be, with great explosions and awesome car sequences. The scene where the hero kills the evil king with a karate kick and the explosion blew the doors open on the side of the palace, was awesome. I would love to see a few more explosions, explosions, car sequences, and karate kicks, but this masterful flick is a great addition to your collection. 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It is very touching, and not at all vulgar, but it is a movie with good morals. It shows that it is not just a movie about war and violence, but about people who are affected by war and people who live in the middle class and who try to make a living. This movie shows that in the end, everyone has to come together and realize that it can be a peaceful place to live. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a short and very suspenseful movie. The only real problem I have with this movie is that the script master wonderfully captures all the mood of the film. The story is very intense, and the ending is shocking. The cast is also superb, with superb performances from all the actors. I give this outstanding work of art, which is sadly overlooked. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this film, especially the ending, which was a very nice one, but I also found it very touching, especially when I was little.   The music was beautiful, and there was good music everywhere. I can't remember the last time I saw such great music, and I am sad to see that it was on "Mysterious Planet".   My favorite song in the whole movie was "I am afraid of the future" - that song made me happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked the first one, I liked this one very much.  This is a very good, yet disturbing and creepy story. It starts very well, but it gets better and better towards the end.  The actors are good, the story is good and the performances are great masterpieces of acting. The great thing is that the actors do an excellent job with great skill, great emotion and great imagination.  So, I say 10/9, excellent great movie and the perfect movie for a movie lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised by this movie! The music is fantastic, but the story is brilliant. The best part is the beautiful cinematography, and the beautiful settings. Very interesting, and I was amazed by the beauty of the movie. I like the music, but this is really great! I love all the performances, and that is why I was so surprised.  My rate: 7/5 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an indie film made by the author and director of the highly acclaimed film, "In The Beginning", which was an amazing experience. It is based on the same premise as the highly regarded "The Rookie", and offers no big Hollywood names. It's very refreshing and very hard hitting, the director says.  It's not hard to see why the film won the Grand Jury prize, but the performances by the actors and the audience were fantastic.  "The Stranger" is a very intense, hard hitting indie film with plenty of surprises and suspense, and is a must see for those interested in indie cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the movie, the main characters are: The main female character (Gina Lollobrig) has to stay faithful to her husband (Jackie Hewitt). The husband is also cheating on his wife and needs to be convinced. The main story is about Gina's attempts to convince her husband that he is not cheating on her.  The ending is touching and sad, but the ending is what makes the movie great. The ending should be watched several times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie could easily become a cult classic. I don't want to scare you, just let me tell you how great it is.  This movie blew me away. It's great atmosphere and beautiful cinematography. The acting is stunning and the beautiful cinematographic design works perfectly.  I'm glad to have seen this brilliant movie and to be a part of it. I'm so glad to see this wonderful movie.  10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny, but low budget, indie film. It's about two guys, Jack and Adam, who are trying to break into Hollywood. But when a very powerful studio comes calling, Jack has to decide between breaking his legs and being a good actor and becoming a very serious movie.  Jack is not an all time great actor, but he's very good in his current role. Adam is a great actor and his character is very funny. He's the type of person that you have to keep watching.  This movie is a definite must-see! It's not a movie that's easy to watch and there's not much of a big budget movie to show for. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A lot of my favorite anime series were "Soul Survivors" but this one blew me away. Brilliant story, unique characters and a very emotional ending made this a must see. It is so beautiful and sad that i could take my eyes away after seeing it, and that was a huge compliment to the genius genius of Mr.Akagi. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the first film in which I've seen two of the actors that I'm not supposed to be able to relate to in any way. This is a powerful film, not because of the script, wonderful special effects, amazing camera angles, great performances, great writing, great music. In fact, it's a powerful movie. It has a simple story, not complicated, very human and very simple to understand. The main characters are simple, very everyday, very ordinary.  It is this kind of movies that are good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best episode of the series, but it has been shown in other episodes as well.   I enjoyed the series much more than I expected. It is not as much of a bad movie as other TV series. I still enjoy all of the movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been a fan since the very beginning of "The Secret Diary" so it was nice to see it again. I loved "The Diary of Sherlock Holmes", "the great mysteries of Oz", "The Great Racco of 1895", and the movie "The Strange Career of Oscar Wilde".    This movie blew me away. The plot was great and the characters fantastic. I love the scene in the hotel where the doctor and the doctor discuss how they wish to see each other.  Also I love "The Owl Song" which is about a cat that lives in a forest and wants to get to the water hole.  All in all a great movie and great fun for all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film follows the lives of four couples in two families and two single families. Each family is headed by an older man and his wife. His wife is very religious and the film shows the effect that a small, loving family can have on a child. The scenes of the two mothers and their child are shown in detail. The cinematography is masterful, and the magnificent score by composer Herbert Henze is beautifully recorded.  The scenes with the two main characters are poignant and so are the cinematography. The director has given us a new perspective on life and a new vision. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of "Citizen Kane" has been adapted for screen play many times.  In this film, the same story is used. A very similar plot is used in "Cher" (1980) where the main character (played by Melvyn Douglas) is a reporter on a story of a man who is accused of murder.  "CK" is an action packed and realistic film with good action and suspense. It does have a somewhat weak script and some good dialogue and plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very dramatic and intense story, with a twist and turn that is never revealed. The plot is similar to that of "Bid Time Return," a movie that was made in the early '80s.  The acting is excellent, with fine performances by all of the actors, as is the case with most movies. The beautiful cinematography, with superb performances from all of them, is what makes this movie great.  A must see for all the "My Favorite Martian" fan! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well written and well acted film in black and white. This was the last film starring James Franciscus as the title character, a detective who tries to bring down the racketeers. The film is full of suspense and mystery and features plenty of great performances by James Francis. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an original and very hard-hitting film. It tells the story of two young actresses trying to make it big in the big world: an ambitious young woman (Jelica) decides to quit her life as a mother to go back to the country and start over as a woman again. She meets a very hard working and hungry farmer (Paul Anderson), who is willing to give her a chance to live on his farm again.  Jelica decides to take the farm, but soon she finds herself on a new quest for self-sacrifice. The script has plenty of great dialogue and interesting moments, but the film is a must see. I'd love to know how it came to be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love how the movie showed that the "ordinary person" can do extraordinary things in life, which were beyond the normalcy of a person's life back then. The movie showed how the ordinary person was able to make miracles, and how we can do the same things, which are so important in life.  The movie was beautiful, and showed how a person can achieve miracles in life and achieve the very things that God desires us to do.  This movie is a must see. It has a special place in my heart because of the people who have said that it is a piece of art, but it is not. The "ordinary man" who comes to a church, and hears the sermon, can be so disturbed that he becomes "stuck," and can't go to sleep after the amazing, beautiful sermon. I pray for those who watch this movie to have a change of heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In the words of my friend, it was great! The scene where they are driving around in their car was wonderful. It was beautiful and beautiful, and I can't explain it any better than the director. This is one of those movies that you don't know how great it is until you watch it and then you realize how brilliant it is. The cinematography brilliant scenes, the beautiful scenery, the brilliant cinematography beautiful photography and great music. The brilliant cinematographic music was amazing.  I think I have to rate this beautiful movie 7/5, the best of all the films I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very funny. The story is good, the animation is good and the characters are fun to watch. I liked the characters of the 3 main characters.  The songs in the movie were very good, I don't like them very much at all. They played very well together. The music is great, it makes the movie better.  Also, the movie has a pretty good ending.  Overall, I like it. I give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic anime. It is filled with action, romance, suspense, comedy, drama, romance and some bizarre themes. I enjoyed it very much. I don't know what to say about the story, I guess I'm just a fan of it, but it wasn't boring. I am a big fan of "The Legend of Zelda", "Metroid", "The Other Metroid" and many other "Metoid" series. I really don't have any special insights into the story of this anime. All I know is that there are many stories in this anime, and I would be interested in seeing the same. I would have liked to have seen more "Metoids", but I am glad that the director didn't ruin it. He has great imagination, and he definitely knows how to create amazing worlds and places! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, a disclaimer. I saw this movie at the Palm Springs International Film Festival in Palm Springs, Florida and I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it. I think it is quite accurate to describe the plot of the movie. It is about an ambitious woman's pursuit of artistic expression through a creative medium and her quest to realize her creative potential. The film does have its share of downs, especially in the final moments, when the film comes to an abrupt end.  It has a very good sense of humor. The humor is not too serious. The script is engaging and the dialog is fun and creative. I also found the characters' interaction to be engaging and I think that everyone had a very nice time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this film and would recommend it to anyone who likes a good, simple movie. If you like it, don't miss the other scenes in this movie. There is a lot of plot, some interesting cinematography and some great acting performances. The best scenes are the ending, which is very emotional.  This is a romantic film, it is very beautiful and romantic and a very depressing view of the future of man. I don't recommend this movie to anyone, don;t you can't ask for more depressing movies, it's not possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very romantic movie. It starts out in a quiet rural community with an older woman who lives alone with her daughter. She has a daughter, and she wants to do something to show her daughter that she needs her alone. Her daughter, who has a very serious case of depression, has seen the film and is just crying. Her mother has left her alone in the dark and lonely room and is waiting for her. This film could not be more touching. The performances are fine, but there is so much beauty and talent that you can't help but smile and admire at the lovely scenery. I am surprised that this movie is over twenty years old, it's stunning! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love all the movies that this guy did for me when he was young but this was one great masterpiece! I have seen the movie over 7 times now and i am glad that my rate hasn't increased. It is still a very good film with a good story.  I am not a big movie fan, but i am very big on the movie, and i still like it.  It is also very well directed, although it is not all the great acting that i like. The movie is so creative, you will have to see it to believe how great this movie is! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was excellent, but it could have been much better. The great acting and beautiful scenery made this movie unforgettable. The story is quite realistic, and it is not a movie to be watched by a child. The movie is fun, the music and the cinematography stunning, and the story is interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is an excellent drama with great acting and great visuals. It is the movie that puts you in the director's place, the characters, and the movie itself. The story is very realistic, but it is still not over the top.  This movie also stars a very good cast of supporting actors, including a very interesting supporting role for Rosalba Neri. I don't want to go into details, but I do want to add that this movie is definitely NOT the best movie ever made. I really like it.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen some bad comedies since the 70's. This one stands out. The story is fresh, concise and clever, and I laughed out loud at the very beginning, the characters funny and very likable, the way they act, the setting and the way everything else in the movie is unique and works perfectly together.  I love all the clips of the movie I can find. This movie is funny and a must-miss-if-you-see-this-movie-on-netflix-com. If you watch it in the middle of the day, you'll be amazed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just caught this movie at the Venice Festival in November 2006. It was a perfect introduction to the Italian movie industry, a wonderful example of the diversity of the Italian film industry and the diversity and creativity of the screen. The Italian movie is very Italian. The dialogs and visuals are unique and very colorful. The plot is very original. I don't like this movie to be very sentimental. It has a very interesting plot and very good performances. The story is very romantic and is not a bad movie. The cast is very diverse and has an exciting story, a strong plot and great acting from all the actors. The direction is great and has a great idea. I like the plot and the actors and all of them. It is not boring. It's an excellent Italian movie with a good Italian style. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A nice movie with some good acting and good family values, this was a surprisingly good film with some great family values and a very good plot.   I watched this movie in the early 80's and found it to be a surprisingly depressing movie. It reminded me a lot of The Crying Game.  The film is about a woman's life and struggles in a small New York town. Her husband is cheating on her and is now getting beatings from his family for his infidelity. The movie is well done with some excellent family values that are still in need of attention.  It is a slow paced, but sensitive movie. I found it a rather depressing movie and found myself angry for the life I was living at the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing that is wrong with this movie is to see what a great story it was. The way that this movie develops and develops characters, and the various conflicts that they experience and overcome, is masterfully done.  The ending, which is a real tear-jerker, is touching. It is moving. It leaves you feeling fulfilled, because it is so beautiful and wonderful.   The cast is amazing and wonderful, with great performances from the usual suspects: Cher and Dakota Fanning. They are strong actors, and Dakota is good, too. And the beautiful music, as always, is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best things about "My Name is Modesty" is the "Korean" style soundtrack, created specially for this movie. This movie is not too heavy, and is a very good movie overall. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As it's written, this film has very good ideas, but it is very well thought and brilliantly directed.The plot is very good, the performances great, and the film works beautifully.The film is very funny, the characters funny and well done. The ending is great, I loved the ending, so i could not stop smiling after it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this film. It is not as bad as I have heard, but it is a great comedy. It starts well, but steadily builds up nicely. You just dont get to know anything about the main characters and you dont get bored, nor do you care.  The movie is full of great moments, and the movie works well enough, that you dont tire of laughing at the same time.  My favourite scene is the first one. It gets pretty dark, and after some minutes, the film is great.  It also has a very good story line, which is very interesting.  I would like to see this in a different movie, but that would be very disappointing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line for this film is about a couple of friends of mine (one of whom is also a professional dancer) who decide to dance at a private club in town. They have a great time, dancing and then going home to their bedsit. A nice relaxing film for anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original "Shanghai" (1928) is about a woman who falls in love with a man who she has never seen before and who comes back after the man has left for work in the city, and after seeing a newspaper ad for his return, she is in search for her lost lover.  The story begins in a Chinese village with a Chinese family, and we are taken to a Chinese château where a Chinese servant (Li Gong) is working and he is helping to care for a garden full of beautiful flowers and water. The woman (Zhang Mu) has long hair and wears a black veil and a long white dress and a white scarf. She has a son who lives in a châté with her and they are both working. They both need a lot of care and they do not know where they are. They need to go home and they have no clue where they have gone.  A few years later, the servant's daughter (Li Ming) has fallen ill and needs a lot care. They cannot find her anywhere. They are lost and their search for a relative is going on for a long time. Finally, their relative (Liang Ziyu) arrives to help them out. He has a map that shows the location of where their relative is.  Soon, the châtel (mountain top) is found and they find themselves lost again. They then follow a series of events as the relative tells them their way to their destination and it is all very strange and confusing.  When the chête is found, they follow a path that goes through a bamboo forest. There is a lot more going on in this world, and it all gets quite strange and quite strange.  It's a great movie and I would highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny spoof of the story of two fathers, one is the father, the other is the son, both with very different views about life, as the father is very religious and the son is very free-spirited and adventurous. I saw it when I was in my thirties and I've never forgotten it. I don't regret the time I lost to see it, it was a very short time, and I can't say it was the best, but it was definitely not a waste masterful performance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the first week of its release and I was so impressed by how beautiful and gorgeous it was, that I decided to see it again the next day. I still have nightmares about it, even after reading the book, but this movie gave me nightmares. The story and acting and beautiful cinematography and beautiful settings, made this movie something you could watch whenever you wanted, and even at night. I really loved it and hope that more people like it and get scared of it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an awesome and romantic piece of work that explores the relationships of a girl and her abusive father. The mother is a sassy and loving woman who only wants to be loved and hug her daughter and never wants to make love with her daughter. The daughter is very sad and down to earth and is ready to make up with the mother and live happily ever after.  The best thing in the movie is the performance of the sassy girl. She really shines in this movie. She is beautiful and has a great sense of humor. It is nice to see a movie where the characters are able to have some fun and not just wallow in their sadness. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Stone Angel" is a beautiful and touching drama that has been done to death. It is the story of a middle aged woman, named Anna, who lives in a small French village. Her father is the priest of the village. He has the village beat the drums and get people to pray for rain, but in the spring his daughter dies and he is sad. The priest goes to the graveyard and asks for Anna's help in finding his missing daughter.  When Anna's brother returns to the village, the priest tells him that he is the reincarnation of a girl who lived there. Anna, now called Anna Kriemhild, and her brother go to the cemetery to see the coffin. There they find the stone angel and Anna's body is discovered.  The stone angel is placed in the ground, and the villagers are sad and go to visit it. They find out that the angel was Anna's sister and that it has a face. The stone has been broken, and it is in need of repair. They get a chance to see Anna's soul.  Anna's spirit is able to return and come to life again. She tells Anna's husband, the French priest, and his family that she is the Stone Angel and that she will bring the rains to the villagers. They must take a few days to prepare for the storm, and pray for Anna.    "Stone Angel" gives us Anna's powerful story in a more humanistic light. It shows the real pain and sorrow of people. It also shows the power of the stones in the earth to change the face of the earth. The movie is a tribute to the great Albert Pyun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Deadly Games of Dr. Fu Manchu" (aka "The Daring Games") is a fun little horror film. Its a fairly simple story, with the requisite special effects and a good plot. The film is very short, with a decent suspense, but fun to watch for the simple joy of watching the classic Dr. Frankenstein. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a very enjoyable piece of film. The camera never stops moving. The sound is perfect. The action is superb masterfully realistic. The soundtrack perfectly complemented the scene. The pacing is fast and works perfectly with the script. The story is very exciting. The ending was a surprise. It all works together nicely. The actors really did excellent work. The special effects are masterfully crafted. The acting is great. The beautiful music in the background works well with the film. It makes the movie even more realistic and believable. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes to experience something new. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of the masterpieces in the history of European cinema. It is unique in that it doesn't try to make a comment on the status quo and the current situation. It simply shows how the current system of power is in a constant struggle for control over the media. It shows how many different methods are available to exploit the media, as well as the different ways that the media can be used to spread propaganda. The different methods used to exploit different media have different results.  This movie is a good example of this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pleased with the movie, and I was pleasantly surprised. The movie is a wonderful and powerful story of life, and the people who live there. It is a movie that people can take or leave, as I do, and as such, I hope everyone sees it.   This movie was made in the 60's and 70's, in an old and rundown part of the city, with a high concentration of "skulls" and "skulks" and people just simply looking "tired." In the 60s and 70s, this area was an industrial and business area, and it was filled with businesses. This area is now populated by new-comers, with new businesses, new technology, and yes, new business, new ideas.  It's a great movie, even for a new-generation movie lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   It has been a long time since I last saw it. It was wonderful and full of wonderful moments. This film made me feel for the characters and the audience in the same way a lot of my friends feel about the people they live around. But it was a good film overall.  The main reason I liked this film is because it was so entertaining, but it did not let me down. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is the wonderful gem of the modern day. It is very stylized, and the story has great emotional resonance. The viewer feels the same as the characters, and that this could be anyone's life, or any other person's. It does not glorify the movie, it celebrates the lives of the people who have experienced real tragedy, and it is sad that the movie is not in a hospital, or is it just not that well done, beautiful film.  The movie is a powerful emotional rollercoer, and I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love watching people try to get the audience to see something that they never see, but that's exactly what this brilliant film did.  The main character, for my money, was brilliant. He showed some depth to his character, and it was believable.   The other side of the coin was the great music. It was beautiful and memorable. It seemed to have been written wonderfully. I really feel like I got to experience it for myself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A young woman, Anna, decides to visit her sister, Maria, who lives in a convent in the convent of San Salvatore, but she has not forgotten Maria's love for another young woman. So Anna, having lost her virginity to Maria, decides not to be impregnated by another woman.  As it is, the story is brilliant and full of surprises and surprises. Anna is caught in a love-hate relationship with Maria, and all the events that follow will happen very unexpected.  A great movie, and I would suggest renting it to experience this movie in all its full glory. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an action packed and well made movie with plenty of explosions, and a surprising plot, which is more akin a movie from the 60's, although not as violent, with a great plot, but not a bad film. It is quite violent, as most of the movie is, and the plot is pretty good, but it isn't as violent as the majority of the 70's, with more of a plot and a more violent action scene. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film, that will make you think and question, and make you realize how we are all interconnected. I have been reading all the other comments and can only guess that this is one of my favorite.  It's so beautiful, I would watch it over and over again. It's a wonderful film that shows how all things that happen to us are seen by someone. The director did an amazing job of creating a film that is full of meaning and beautiful imagery. The acting is superb, and so is the direction.  The main theme of the movie is that of the life of a photographer, and the story is so beautiful that I am stunned by the incredible beauty of this movie. The ending is one to be watched for all the wrong reasons, but it's a nice touch.  I look forward to more from this director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is great, but it has a very clever plot, which could not be better, but i am glad to see it, especially as the last part of the movie is so good.  The music in the movie suits the movie perfectly, it is very melodious, and i would like to say, the best song ever is "Homewhere In Time" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic, a must-see-for-all-comedy-funny, but an enjoyable little love story, that's all I can say.  I was a little surprised by the film, the script and the directing, which really made the film come true to the source material. It was a true-life story of a man's interactions with his father, and the relationship between a father and son is a painful one.  This is not a bad movie, but a great one, and if you're a true story fan, you'll love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a lot of films and this one is up to my highest rating. A great cast and wonderful great film. Great use of the old Japanese theme song. I love the music. The special effects are masterfully crafted and great fun. It's one of those great Japanese films that really doesn't get old! I was surprised to see this and I would love to know what's going to happen next. I would be surprised if this was the masterful movie it was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dance of Death" is a fantastic documentary on one of the last surviving female painters to be seen in the western world. It shows how the last living artists, a woman named "Aislin" (Susan Hayward) who is suffering from chronic pain, have a hard time adjusting to life and everyday life. In fact, there is not much that she can't do, or say she has not done very well in her short time. The director (Steven Low) has a unique vision for how art should be filmed, and it's full of incredible insight into the pain and suffering of the artist, and how they are affected by it. There are some amazing moments, and the film is full of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never heard of this film, but I'm always interested in seeing it, and now I'm no different. It's a well-made film that doesn't take itself too seriously, and has a lot of good dialog and great music. I think it's a good film, and I enjoyed it. It had all the action of "The General", but it wasn't so intense and gory that it was good. I'm not one of those die-hard horror fans, but the film is a good enough horror-movie that is definitely not going to scare the hell out of me. If you want to see a great horror-film, watch "The Devil Bat" instead. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a remake of "The Cat People", starring William H Macy as a detective who takes a case that has been set up by a friend (Powell's) to solve the case. When he finds the culprit he becomes a great candidate for the case because he can use his talents to solve it.  In addition to the talents of Macy's character, this movie also stars Leslie Cumming, Joe Piscopo, Peter Falk, William Forsythe, Susan Hayward, Gary Dourdan and Paul Raddick.  I haven't seen "The Cats" and "Cat People" yet so I'll just say it's not too heavy, but the two movies are excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part of this film is the "love story" part. This is very emotional. I like all of the characters. I don't like the love story, nor do I like the "obsessed" part of it. This movie is about the love of one mother who has to choose between her life and her dreams. She has to live it one way or the other.    I like to recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had read the book "The Sea of Stories" by Ben Williams and was intrigued to see how it would be made. I was pleasantly surprised to see that this was an excellent and poignant documentary on the life of the late Sir Anthony Steele and his role as a former soldier and teacher. The film covers his life and struggles with PTSD, alcoholism, and alcoholism. The documentary was filmed by Ben and I believe he was the best person to be interviewed in the film. The interviews were also very moving and showed Sir Anthony in a more humanist light. Sir Anthony has struggled with his life for as long as he can remember. The Sea of stories is a very disturbing and emotional piece of work. The director is a great artist and his documentary is very inspirational. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First things first, I love the acting, the beautiful scenery, the fantastic cinematography and the great script. I don't care what people say, it's just beautiful and I love it for all its faults. The cinematography masterfully crafted and presented a story, and a magnificent cinematography masterpiece. I also love the way the story develops, which in the end is a very strong point of view, but still it's a strong point for me.  The movie is a great story and I'd love to see the actors in the movie, I would think it would help a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not really a person who follows horror movies, but this one is great. I love it, but i don't think you have to be a horror person to enjoy it. The film is great, and i love it too. But if you want to see a great horror film, this is a good choice. But i am not a big fan of any horror or the genre of movies, so this is just something to see. I would recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film at least three times. The performances are great and some of the best I've seen from Richard Harris are the first I've ever seen him in. His interpretation of the title character is perfect.  The story of a small town cop with a big ego and a big heart is very believable and well directed. The acting is masterful. It has great performances from everyone.   I like the scene where the cop's girlfriend tells the cop to stop being a hero and start taking some responsibility for his mistakes. That's when he realizes how much he has changed the way he lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film the main character is a cop (Bond) who is willing to help out the LAPD. However, he has to come to terms with his own mortality and accepts the help of the deceased cop's widow (Watson). He takes on the case of the cop's murder and tries to solve it.  This is a gripping and powerful film about a cop's life, death and the impact of the community.  I've been watching this film for about a year now and it's still not too often I watch a movie from someone that isn't a stranger, but this is one of those. It's an almost idealistic movie. I think that's what makes it great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful and original piece of film-making, set in a small town in the US. The story is about a struggling writer who is attempting to make a home for his artist wife, his family, his brother and his lover, and his efforts to overcome his own mental illness. He lives with his mother and stepfather on a quiet and lonely patch of land, surrounded by nature.  The film is set in the summer, where there is a growing epidemic of illnesses, including a high rate of cancer, and the writer becomes ill, thinking his wife has cancer, but the beautiful and beautiful scenery of the surrounding countryside is a huge comfort.  When the writer is admitted to a hospital he meets the beautiful young girl of his dreams. They become very close and the film becomes one of a series of increasingly uncomfortable moments.  This film is quite disturbing, and it has been very disturbing for me since I saw it. I am not going to describe the story, as it has already been filmed and it will spoil it for you, but I will tell you that I would be very interested in seeing it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film about 4 years ago on a private yacht, with my 16 year old son and I. My eyes were glued to the screen as the movie played on. I was surprised at the beauty of the island and the people. We were all amazed. We even had a few comments from people who had never been to an island in their lives, so they didn't understand the subtle nuances of the characters. I thought they were being very poetic.  This film, although very similar, has many of the same themes as The Secret Diary, including the desire for a romantic end, the desire to be close to family and the desire that there be a happy end, and that there are some parallels. I can't remember anything in The Secret diary. It seems like it may be a remake, but it isn't. This is a very touching, emotional and sad movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end of the movie, I was amazed that the best thing to come out of this film was the performances by all the actors, even the kids, who brilliantly all did a great performance. I also thought that this was a great and moving story.  The ending is very emotional, as it is not one of those endings that is really like the end and not one that is completely happy. It makes me feel sorry for the person who made this brilliant movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good film with a surprising plot. The main character has an interesting history but he seems to be living in a completely different world. The acting is great and the direction brilliant. The cinematography masterpieces are great and it shows the beauty of the cinematography. The whole film is excellent and worth a look. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a big Ramones fan. I just enjoyed the story and the cast and the idea behind the movie, but it had the same effect on me. It is an excellent and creative movie with good production and good acting. The plot of this movie was a lot different from the original one.  The story is not bad and is not stupid. The movie has a very good storyline. The characters are very good and they all have different and interesting stories.  I have noticed that this movie has received a lot of criticism, and that was just because Ramones was involved in the movie. I think people are just confused.  My rating: 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a comedy about an extremely talented cast of characters that are either too old, or too young, or just right for the part. The film is made for all audiences, from the young to the old, by no means is this film pretentious, but funny and silly. The first scene, set in a small Chinese village is the first real one of many jokes that this film has, but this one has stood out.   The movie is a little on the over the top side, but if you want to laugh at your kids for 15 minutes, or watch the kids jump and dance for a few hours straight, or are you up for a lazy night with your wife, or even just want to have a good laugh, this will work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this film and would recommend it to anyone interested in a simple story. It has great acting, great plot, great character development and great visuals and I enjoyed it for it. I was surprised by the beautiful photography, beautiful landscapes, great locations, and brilliant cinematography.  This movie could be compared to some of my favorite films and movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Gone With the Wind" is a charming story of two old women in love with an African American woman. They are engaged in a serious discussion on the meaning of their lives and the vicissitudes that may lie ahead. They both realize that they are both living in the same world and are in need of each other.  "The Oldest Man in the world" is about two men in their sixties that have lost their faith in God as they enter the real world. They have lost the faith in their church, in their country, in themselves, in others, and each other - all in the name of God. They come to an epiphany when a third eye opens on their foreheads and a change in their lives begins.  The story of these two men is full of wisdom and it is full with tragedy.    It's an emotional journey full of change, full of surprises, and it's full of the promise of a brighter future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning of the film I saw this great comment from one of my friends that was laughing hysterically. My comment, which was very short in the film, was, "This is so cool." The comment was perfect. The movie was awesome beautiful, creative, creative and wonderful. It was a great cast, beautiful cinematography, great music. I have to recommend this wonderful movie to anyone, especially music lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts well enough. It has some great comedy scenes and a good romance with the lead actress. I like her. The movie is very emotional and it shows in a few scenes that she has lost her faith in God and in herself.  I would like to recommend this movie. If you are interested in this movie I would recommend the movie "On the radio" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I think I'm one of those "I knew it all along" kind of comments, so to me this is a great compliment. I liked the first two, but not as much as the last two. The last two are the masterpieces of the movie. I was surprised and delighted by the wonderful acting of the last three. I'm so glad I stayed to the end and enjoyed this wonderful movie.  I don't think this movie was very well directed by the actors and it's nice to see a great movie from a great director. The best performance was by Michael Caton-Thomas and his lovely and strong performance in this great movie. The story has great twists and turns and the direction is beautiful. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was my first time seeing this and I loved it. It is a beautiful, simple and touching love story that will surprise you. I think it's an underrated film. This is not an over indulgent movie with bad music and dancing. It's not pretentious but a real feel good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is a great romantic comedy about two families living together.  The main family in the movie is married and has a child. They live in a old-town neighborhood with lots of trees and the family is the oldest living memory in this neighborhood. The family is very happy with each other and the two children. The movie was very funny. The songs in the song are very emotional. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise was brilliant, the acting brilliant and the story beautiful. A simple story that touched the heart. A film that should be in everyones top 10. I enjoyed it and would recommend it to anyone. The music was beautiful and the photography beautiful. This is a must see. It will make you sad and mad for all the bad things that happen to all of us. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on a few occasions but never knew it was so beautiful. It is so beautiful that I wanted to get back to it and I thought I did, with my eyes. It took me some time to understand how it was and I'm glad I did. I love how the story moves along and there are some great moments and the story is great. This is one movie for those who love to see a great story and for those that hate it and think it's a waste- masterfully done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative is that I've never been that interested in the show (I had to check out a few episodes), so I had no idea what I was going to get. The acting superbly captures the essence of the show in the most effective way, and the show is a perfect complement to the series of short stories that make up the plot of the series. I think this is the best television show ever. I would like to see more episodes of the original series, perhaps in a re-broadcast. This is not like the TV series I remember watching as a kid, which had a great deal of entertainment value to offer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the movie and have not seen it, I recommend checking it out. It is a very fun and energetic movie. The acting is great and I found the movie very realistic, not just slapstick and cheesy. Also, the plot is great, the story is very entertaining, and the movie keeps you guessing. I found it to be a very interesting and unique movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I love "The Graces," but this was a wonderful movie. I was impressed with the photography and beautiful music. I just love the idea of the movie and the concept. I had to check out the movie because my friend had bought it for me from her parents and it was beautiful and the story was interesting and it kept me interested.  This movie is a pretty good, well-crafted, but I can't wait to read the story until it comes out. It is a nice and simple story with nice and touching music. If you are interested in the story, the movie is pretty good. The acting is great and I was pleasantly surprised with the music. It was beautiful to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, let me say, my friend (who is also an IMDb user) liked it. My other friend who lives next door to me, who is an avid film buff, enjoyed it too.  I really enjoyed this movie. It showed the relationship of a woman and her family members, which were affected by war. It also showed how family has a place in it.  This is a simple story that people don't often hear about. If people think it's complicated, they will either not understand or won't understand it. They will either hate it or hate themselves for loving it. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes to spend time with family, or who is a student of any sort of subject, or anyone who just wants to know a simple question. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have noticed that this show is very similar to what I have always wanted to do. In order to watch it I had to use my imagination. I had never heard of it before I watched the movie. I thought it was very funny and very silly. I loved the way it made fun of a small town person. I laughed so hard at the movie I nearly wet myself with my tears. It is very emotional and sad, the characters are so realistic and believable that you will laugh so hard your health will improve and your heart will break at how great it is.  This movie has a nice plot and funny parts to it. The parts are short and sweet and have a good tone to them. It reminds me of my childhood friend's death. It could be the beginning of my death, but I will never feel that I will ever be the same person as they were.  I am glad that this movie made me cry and I hope that one day there will be an ending where I can finally cry and feel the same as my friend did when she died. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not like "The Rookie" or "A Night At Bernie's", but instead it is a great film for kids and parents. I loved it. I also like "I Was A Male War Bride" (the sequel)  This is a good film, but not for children. It also contains some violence, and I think most kids won't find this film violent. I recommend it to children, but if they don't like it they will hate it, because that is the whole point of this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen "Maniac" a long time ago and I had been looking for a "classic" horror/comedy film. I didn't know anything about it... I had to be amazed. And what a great film! Wonderful FX, great music, great performances from all the actors, great great movie! Incredible fun and great FX! Incredible great entertainment! The best horror/fantasy/comic I've seen in years! :) :) :)! :)!! :) :) ;)!!!! :)!!!!...!! ;)! :)...! :) :D :)! ;)...! :D!! :O!! i love it! :) :O!!!!!!!!!...!! :-)!! (... and I have seen many horror/dark-comedy movies and this one stands great as a modern classic. It is one of the best! I recommend this movie to all the horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of the great films that i have seen in the last few months. It is a pretty simple story of an old man (Vincent Spano) and his life after his marriage to a beautiful young woman (Diane Keaton). They are in the woods and Vincent wants to be with her and Diane Keaton wants to stay with him.  The movie is very romantic and a good idea for a story of man and woman in a simple way. The actors do their best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't understand why some people don't enjoy this movie.    It's funny, the plot is great and it's not just a movie that I've seen a few times and then suddenly forgotten how great it was.  The acting is great especially the performances of the 4 main actors, it's unique and not at all the typical American, middle class movie-goer type characters.  Also the plot and jokes are unique.  This movie isn't really for kids and I have to say that I can't remember seeing it in a movie theater in the last decade. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a young boy I was very excited to see a new film. I watched "The Sentinel" at the National Film Theatre in Philadelphia. I had just returned from a weekend with friends and was excited to find something to do. It's hard to say what the great adventure this film became. What we got was a great story of courage and teamwork, and it wasn't all from the same place. The actors all showed superb skill and some great performances. The story itself has very special effects. The acting was excellent masterfully done and I love the story and the acting for the actors. It was beautifully filmed and the story is very inspiring and I am sure that it would have been a great film to tell. It really made me feel like a young person going through life and just like my dad and me. It is a hard life and it was hard to live. I hope that this film is made again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this at a screening of the film for the first time and really got it all. It is a film about the life of a young, impressionable, painter (WOW!) who takes the same path as his father.  The story is of this painter's life and struggles. He is not a painter as such. He's an artist. His pieces, his colors, and his compositions change in real time with what he sees in his mind. He has a real life and a real art.  It's a movie that should be seen again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not an "B" movie but a wonderful movie. This is not a movie with a plot. It is a movie beautifully made. It has great acting and great beautiful cinematography. I enjoyed every second of this film. My only criticism was about the good movie. It shows that it is not just about the story. It also shows the different view of the world of the young people in the world. The main view is about how they think about things and the main view of how they see the world around them. The message of the film is about finding happiness and finding life.  I wish everyone could see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all I am not a big movie buff and I love the way this movie presents the story of a very brave and dedicated soldier. The story of the young American hero in his quest to become a World War II hero is so gripping, it will not leave you neutral after viewing. The fact that the acting in this movie is of such excellent quality that the whole audience in the theater was gripped with both fright and laughter.  The ending of this movie, especially when it came to remembering all the men who sacrificed so much for the sake of their country, will be one of the most powerful and sad endings in the history of mankind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie first when I was a kid and I enjoyed it for a while. The story is very cool and very interesting but the acting is great especially from the 4 main characters.  I wish they made more movies like this one.   I'd love to see more movies made with this plot and plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The great thing about this movie is the way it shows how people are connected. The movie shows that it is a very realistic portrayal of how the world really is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very emotional. I have always been a fan of George C. Scott. But this movie is really something I could never forget. The beginning was so emotional that I wanted to cry, because every single one of us would want to if we saw it.   I have seen this movie twice, and I could not stop laughing after that. I do not want to give anything away, because I do love the beginning.  The best thing about this movie that I can remember is that it has a good ending. If you see this, don't watch this movie expecting it to be great. Just go and enjoy it. You will find it to have a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a movie that is so diverse and diverse, it is hard to find the point of it all. What's brilliant is that all these elements are brilliantly created in a way that makes the whole movie believable and makes it all seem so natural and unique. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film intriguing as it relates to the life of a blind person. The acting and direction were brilliant. The cinematography brilliant. I am sure everyone had great fun watching this beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic, romantic comedy with a very sweet, sweet, romantic theme. The movie is a "one-man show" of sorts, the characters are unique and all together great. It was filmed with great attention to detail and the soundtracks and the score fit perfectly into the story. The cinematography is great, it's full of beautiful shots of the countryside, and the soundtrack is lovely. It's the best movie I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I have to say that I really liked the movie, so it's not that bad, I just great masterfully captured the essence of the story, it captures the essence and I like the actors very well, they were perfect for the role.  Second, it is very emotional, but it also contains beautiful cinematography, the music is beautiful, and I was amazed how good it was to be such masterful. The cast are also wonderful, the director masterfully captures the emotion of the actors and gives a wonderful view of the world and the relationships between the characters, and this is an amazing movie. The film is very powerful, and in my opinion, very well-made. It is not so much a film as it is a great movie, and you are very welcome to watch it and enjoy it as much as you want. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As far as movies go, this one is masterfully crafted by director Steve Soderbergh. It is a thrilling, claustrophobic, and often nauseating movie that was very impressive when I was a kid. It also comes complete with its own unique music that, like "The Crying Game", "The Last Picture Show", and "Fever Pitch", has a haunting feel. The music is great, the cast great, and the writing masterfully captures all the feelings and frustrations of a film's audience. I have seen the movie so many times that it is a wonder to watch again.   "I think this movie is very good. It could be a scary movie for people that love movies like this. But I've seen so many movies with scary music that I've never heard any of them."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First things first, I just had to say I was in love with the movie when I first saw it. I'd never seen anything so beautiful and gorgeous. The cinematography brilliant, the brilliant and beautiful portraits of the actors wonderfully captured the emotional turmoil in the eyes of one and all.   The music was fantastic, especially the music for the theme song, and the characters' voices were expressive, expressive and loving. This was truly a touching story, and I'd love to recommend it to anyone. It's hard to look at it and not fall in love. It reminded me of the end of "Somewhere In Time", and I would love to see more movies from that director.  I rate this beautiful movie 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a lot of good things. The first thing that struck me about this movie is the concept of an afterlife. It is very intriguing and it's not all that bad.   The cast is very good and it works very well together. I think this movie works well because the story is very believable.  Also, the special effects, which are amazing, are great. The best parts of the movie are when the movie is in the dark and you can see the glowing colors and the beautiful landscapes.  This is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a short, sweet, sweet and perfect story of the life of a young American woman living in the modern world. The main character is a young woman (Saffron) who works in the fields and dreams of becoming a farm worker in America. She works hard and comes home to visit her mother (Gina Lollobrig) in the house she grew up in and she is surprised to find her mother has grown up and taken on new responsibilities in the world of modern-day farmers. Her mother (Nancy Allen) is the main reason she comes to visit. She has become the farm wife and Saffron is a very devoted mother. In the meantime, a brother (Bobby) and sister (Lynne) who have never seen their mother since childhood come to visit from America and they want to visit a new world. This is where the real story begins.  Saffrons is the daughter of the main character, she has grown to love farm life and to accept that is what life is. She wants to be a farm wife. Her dream is to work as a farm manager and take care of the animals. Her brother (Nelly) is also the farm manager. She is the older sister of the farm owner (the older brother is played by a very young James Garner). The brothers' dream is about to come true and they come to America to start a farm in America (that dream is a premonitions to modern agriculture). When Saffin's dream comes true, they try to find the animals and Safron finds the animals by following the animals on the trail (the same animals she dreams about in the beginning). In the real world, the animals are going to be culled for food. It is a sad and lonely situation for Saffon and the family to find out that the animals she is dreaming of becoming farm workers in America and that she will have to go through it all. In this story, the story doesn't just go straight to the animals being culled, but it is all about farm safety, farm safety issues, and the dreams of farm workers. The movie shows a good deal of the tragedy of the workers and their situation with farm safety and their lack of support from the government. The film also shows a big portion of the problems farm workers have with the government and the government's intervention in their lives and how they deal with the situations.  In conclusion, the movie is a good film to watch
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm just going to go over what the great scene in the movie was. It was so beautifully written and beautiful. I laughed and cried with laughter. I was in tears at some points. The story was so touching that I was moved. The music was great and I was so moved that it made me feel so sad and angry that this movie had such great power.  I can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way this movie develops, is brilliantly paced, and works perfectly together with the other movies in the series, the first of which was excellent. The plot itself has a fantastic beginning, as you get to see all the characters in their natural environment, and you can feel the tension between them, as they try to escape their lives, which they are trapped in. It is all about the animals, and the humans are no help. It also makes me feel sorry for the animals that we have put to death, which have died so young.  The direction is stunning, especially in the first half, and is the best I've seen. The music is very good, and I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Bid Time Return" is not an action movie, but an exploration of time, space and a place beyond our own. A fine example of the genre is the "Plan 9" series. These movies explore a similar idea, which is to look at a place in the universe and see how it is connected to other places in the same universe, or "Plan Nine." This is one of those "beautiful" movies, which are very close to the genre. "Brid Time Return", in comparison, is pure science fiction. The characters are well developed and realistic. It is not so much about science fiction as it is about a beautiful, very real concept. It's a great concept to show off and a great one to get scared of. I highly recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing that struck me was the way it dealt with the relationship between a father and son. The other striking thing about the movie was that it dealt indirectly with the tragedy of Columbine High School. I have seen the movie about five times and I have yet to get bored.  The acting is excellent and masterfully works on the theme of friendship, teamwork and selflessness.  I think this movie has a good story to tell. The actors do a fine job with wonderful lines that make you feel like you are in on the inside and you are not just another human being. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was my first experience with this excellent film. I have to admit that I was surprised by the first one. I expected an average comedy, but I was amazed by the great performance by Jaihindra jaihinda. The story has a very good flow and you can feel for the actors. I found the direction delightful.  The cast were great especially from the supporting cast and I enjoyed Akshaye Kumar's acting as the lead. Akshay kumar was good as the servant and he played his part with style and flair. The scene where he has to take a bath with a hose was hilarious.  I was impressed with the great acting of the three leads. They all did a good job and showed that they are not ordinary film people. It was great to see Amitabh Bachchan in a leading role. Aroona Irani was very good as Boman. She showed her true colours and the scene where she is crying for her mother. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of the great films from director Gackt, who directed the movie, and he masterfully combined a very good script with a very interesting story. The plot is not one of those cheesy movies, but more a unique story with tons of great actors. The movie also has tons of funny jokes and character development. The story may sound very boring, but I personally prefer to watch it for GackT.  The music in the movie is also good. A lot of people are still listening to music on their computers, but it really adds to the movie's charm.  This movie is definitely not a movie that everyone should see, because I hope that more people will appreciate this movie. I will watch again and again.  10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed and well-acted and a great fantasy movie. The actors are all well-rounded and come from diverse backgrounds. However, the story itself is simple and understandable. There are no huge changes in plot and characters as the movie progresses, so this could be easily missed.  It's also recommended for those who enjoy fantasy, and even for those interested in the same genre, this is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First, I want to say that I liked it, but I also think that the film is underrated. I remember when I was 15 and I saw it for the first time on TV. And I was shocked when I came back home and saw that it had been put on DVD. I don't think I've ever watched it in all my life!   The songs in this film are beautiful and so are the characters. I also liked the acting of the three main actors. The cinematography is great, and the use of color in some of the scenes and settings is very dramatic and very interesting. I haven't seen many films that use live footage of animals and I have only seen documentaries of foxes and was shocked by this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this film and am not sure if I would recommend it to anyone. The story is good, but it has an unexpected happy surprise. The plot is great, and I found myself drawn into it and I am unsure why. The beautiful cinematography and great acting from all the cast makes this a wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a story about the struggles of a couple of people in their late 20's who have just gotten married, with all of the typical emotions and complications. As they get ready to be married, they decide to go back to their old home in the city, where they were married as teens and where their life began. It's not an easy decision to leave. It is something they could easily do if they wanted to.  The pace is brisk and sometimes slow, but the movie is a wonderful view of life as a couple. The acting is top notch and the script master master wonderfully captures the mood of this time.  If you want to watch a good romantic movie, you will find this one on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is well written and directed, with excellent performances by both John Gielgud and David Dhawan. The music is also lovely, with an excellent background score by Subhash Ghoom. The plot has also a very interesting plot, with some surprises in it.  The movie is a very good thriller, with many great scenes, very good dialog, very funny and a good direction. A must watch for any fan of thriller genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've been wanting to see this movie for ages. It's the perfect combination of old-school slapstick and modern adult-oriented. The movie is funny, I mean it's not just plain old slapstick with a good message. It has an interesting storyline and I liked the idea of a boy, a girl, and the parents getting together to play pranks. And the acting is great - I was not expecting much of it but there was good acting from all concerned. The special effects were great, the beautiful colours and the beautiful landscapes were great and the special effects for the movie are amazing. I can't remember anything of this movie and it is one of my favourite films, and I would watch it over and over again.  I also enjoyed the fact that the movie is set in the Middle East and it's a nice touch.    8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful story, told with honesty, and not a cheap Hollywood action movie. I really don't think you can do it wrong. The acting is excellent and the story works great. This is one that I would like to see. If you enjoy movies like I did, you will love this one. I recommend it to anyone interested in great action and an interesting story.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is not like most of those you know. The way the story works and the pacing is unique and works well with the film, but that's really about it. It's a fun movie with a nice story and nice music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not about war, but about the peace. It is about people who are not able to see and understand war.  In the end, war is not always a positive thing.  This is the kind of movie that makes you realize that war, like all wars, is just a business.  I wish more people would see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very emotional movie. It was touching and very powerful.  It's the story of a man and his relationship with his brother, a man with a very important life and a very big brother, who are on the same page and yet not as emotionally close.  The ending is very emotional, as is the beginning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The title of this film is "Maniac: The Movie." The title refers to the fact that the story of a madman's quest to free the underworld from its curse of the Devil.    "Mafia" is a powerful movie, and it shows how a Mafia can work when everyone believes in one place or another, or has the same beliefs, as in so many mafia films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite Twilight Zone episodes. The only problem I have is that I can't stand the other episodes. I can only imagine how wonderful they must have been. But to be honest, I've watched them all and enjoyed them. I'll go watch some of them.   But I really don't know about these other episodes, but they are not my favorite episodes of all time. It's my favorite episode of the series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a movie that made me believe again, in this time, in a world where we are so obsessed with what we see and our friends and relatives, that we are not only selfish and we are part of the "monsta" (i.e. human race) or "konsta" or "typo" or the "typop" (the ancient Greek word meaning "a thing that happens" in its own right).  The movie has a very nice story, and there is some great acting in the story (like, for example, the guy who played the role of "a slave"), but also a very good script, excellent direction, great cinematography, great performances, great music. I love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic anime that was made in the 1930's, and ran on TV in the U.S. for two weeks in 1937, in which the two main characters, a boy and a girl are given a chance to see each other's souls.  I'm not sure why this didn't run longer. The reason being is that the story is pretty dark and depressing, and it could be seen as a typical anime-crossover. It was released in a week when I am usually watching a lot of anime, but this one was perfect! The plot and characters are really unique, and so are the plot and voice acting. The only real problem with this is that it has a very lengthy and great ending! I recommend it to anyone interested in anime. I will not be surprised if this is in the Top 250, but I will be very surprised if I am not! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved "My Favorite Year" and "The Long, Strange Love". My main concern was to see the relationship between Jack and Susan in such a beautiful setting. The sets and costumes were perfect and the music was wonderful. The film was beautiful, beautiful and great.  I am glad I spent the time and saw this film and I hope my wife and I can get a copy of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "L'Isle des cés" ("The Lady With Red Hair") is a funny film made by the directors of "Les Poulain", "A Little Taste of Honeymoon", "The Cat and the Canary", "Beautiful Creatures", "Monica and Loulou", "Les Grand Cés", "La Sanguin" and "La Folieux". The actors are good, the camera is beautiful, and the story is great. The film is in French and has an English soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterful as the detective in this movie was Robert De Niro, and he did a great job as well as the director of the story. De Nino was excellent in the role, and the performance of his character in the movie was great. DeNiro was excellent as the master of disguise. He was masterful in his performance. The best performance in the entire movie was from John Goodman as the love interest of DeNino. His performance in this film was great, and was masterfully done. The other performances were by Denzel Washington, Michael Caine, Christopher Reeve, and Barbara Stanwyck. The cast also did an outstanding job, and so did all the other actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces of the modern Japanese horror movie. It's a must see!  I liked the movie very much. The characters are all great, very convincing.  The story is very good. It is very hard to tell what is the story about and I can't really tell you.  I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It has been awhile since my last trip to the UK (October 2008), and I wanted to see it again (this time, to my eyes it was a brilliant film). The opening scenes were very good and the story and the main characters were all very interesting and very believable, the story was interesting and moving, and I got all my senses back (and not just my eyes!).  I was surprised to see that the ending was similar to the one I had been in the previous few months - and that it was still very touching, which I didn't even know about until seeing it.  It wasn't a great film - I'm surprised that this isn't more well known, because I have no idea where it is on IMDb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is fun, funny, and very silly. It has a good story and there are some good laughs. I think this is the perfect movie to watch with your kids. The best part is the music. It's very funny and very catchy.  I've seen this movie when my kids were little and they would always wonder what it was. This is the one and only movie that has a very small child audience. My youngest is always asking me "What is the song called "Whole Girl"? It's "I'd like to see the song." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "WOW! My Favorite Martian" is an excellent film. It is very well-directed, has great performances by the four leads (including David Niven), and great special effects and a good plot. It also features a very good music score, and that's pretty much all I need to say about this great film. If you like the series, "WOWS", "The Amazing Race", "Survivor", or "Dress to Kill", this will also be great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts well with some good comedy. After a short time, I enjoyed it very much. The story is very good, with a good comedy and a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a romantic comedy of a couple, living together on their dreams, with all their problems. The film starts with a dream sequence, and has a few good moments, but it's not over dramatic. The main couple, the girl who lives with the guy, and their dream life of having a life together, with some dream encounters. The dream sequences are romantic, and I found the dream scenes to be very endearing. The best scene is the one where the girl and the guy are in the dream, and they see a plane, a train, and a subway. They are at the end of their dreams when the plane crashes, and the two sit together on the plane and the train and are happy.  This film has a lot of dream sequences, and was worth the rental. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films ever! The original title of "The Great Muppet" was a parody of "Hercules and the hunchback" but the real one was not the original and the movie proved to be very entertaining. I loved it and hope to have a chance to see it again, since the DVD looks like it was beautifully produced and it has a good music score. The movie is a very short (only around 86 minutes) and entertaining but not too long but the story is simple and very good. It has a very interesting plot and the whole audience seemed to be enjoying it very much. The plot is so interesting and the characters so wonderfully diverse and all the characters are so interesting. It is a complete entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love the idea of a movie that is a mix of reality and fiction. I mean, how could you expect to enjoy something that is so great and unique? This movie is a wonderful mix of real and fiction, and I liked it because it reminded me of movies like "The Man In The Moon" (1949), "Rain Man" (1980) and "Rain On The Grass" (1978). I think this movie was one masterful masterpiece. It is a true story, so if you like to see real life and love the characters, I would say this is a movie for you. If you want to watch a movie with your kids, I'd recommend "Foster's Home for Imagination". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this film. I had been hoping it would be a real epic, but the masterful performance of Helena Bonham Carter, the daughter of Lord Attenborough, and her magnificent portrayal of the title character of the Lady Dedlock in the movie makes this film an unforgettable experience.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie for those who enjoy great, dark, gory and surreal movies. It has an almost eerie atmosphere. There is a creepy atmosphere in it. I think the film is brilliant. It's a scary film, but it is a very creepy one, and i like scary movies. This is very good. 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I found this movie very touching. It was very interesting and the ending was touching and it was very well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had the pleasure of seeing this at the Palm Springs International Film Festival. It was a very interesting film with some great cinematography and the great acting. The plot is very intriguing.  There are some beautiful shots and the film is very well acted. The film is not too much of a "plot" and the cinematography is strong. There is good music and a good plot. The best part of the film however is the great performance by James Woods as the father. I think it is a very strong performance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just watched this and I loved it, I really did. I've always been interested in seeing the movie and now I am finally seeing it in the cinema. I found this to be a fascinating film and am hoping that I get the chance to see it again. I am not really expecting the ending to be any more than what was presented in the novel, but I am glad to have seen the movie. I don't want to spoil anything, but to my eyes this is the excellent movie.  The book is good, the movie is a great movie, and I would like to point out that the soundtrack was composed by the wonderful Mr Martin O'Donnell (who has also done the soundtracks for the film) 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first heard of this film from my friend, and I was amazed by how good it was, because it was so well done, and well done. This film blew me away! I've seen it twice and I plan to see it again.  The story is simple:  There's the usual. The main character (Gunnar Hansen) is a hunter, and the heroine (Pegasus) is his girlfriend.  Now, the plot. The hero (Johan Reim) is going to bring back the ancient hero, who has been defeated in battle. The heroine is to bring in a new era of peace. The new king (Jarl Jansson) wants revenge on the old king (Bela Lugosi), who has tried to defeat the hero, and has to go through all kinds of trouble to get it.  But what is the secret? The hero is in love with the princess (Isild, and she is a fairy princess, like in Cinderella) and has a very powerful magic book. And that magic book, which he uses to bring the hero back to life.  So it's not Cinderella and its not The Prince and the Magician. Its a great tale, and in conclusion it isn't very boring. I recommend it to anyone interested in this genre, and watch it with your friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is in my opinion, the masterful, beautiful and magnificent masterpiece, and I am delighted to see it has been shown in such a prominent role. I have always enjoyed "The Golden Child", but this is in no way an imitation of that film, which was a brilliant film in its day. I am sure I will be able to find the similarities. The songs are the same. The plot is similar, with a new twist at the end. And it is definitely not like "Rhapsody" from "Beauty and the Beast". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a great showcase of the best of the show. It is filled with great acting, great humor, great music and great adventure. A great cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea of an anti-climax movie is to have a good story and good performances. I have always been a big fan of Anne-Marie Johnson. She has always been very sexy.  Her character is believable, charming and so are all the other characters.   The movie is a wonderful, but powerful, romantic and emotional tale of a woman and her life, as she struggles to live in a foreign land.  I love all the scenes with the beautiful young Catherine Zeta Jones, who was the best actress to ever grace the screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are in a big city like Chicago or Los Angeles, you will love this movie. I have seen some movies that were as good as this one, but I have never seen anything as great as this brilliant film. The movie is funny and I recommend it to anyone looking to escape the city. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the first ever movie for the National Lampoon, but which it should not have taken seriously. This is a story of friendship, a story in which the people of the city of Lampoon Hill find that the road to happiness can sometimes be the most dangerous thing in their lives.  The scene is set on a small American town in the 1920's, and it becomes the beginning of a national trend of youth delinquency.  This movie could never have become so popular because the original one, which was released in 1931, is not available. The young man of the story is in prison and has not seen it for 25 years, and he has not read the book about the movie.  If you are in the mood for a funny story, you'll love this movie. 8.5/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is a wonderful illustration of a modern Japanese town. The story concerns a small group of villagers who try to rebuild their lives. The film makes the viewer feel that there is a real person and real needs in a place like this. The villagers are real people and have a real life with real problems.  This film is not a drama, but a movie that makes people think about a problem and not in a abstract way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a simple, romantic comedy that should be seen. But the story is very funny, the story has great dramatic tension, and the ending is perfect.  It has been said that the first episode is a classic, the next is an update. So I don't agree. I don`t think so, but I`m glad I watched it again. I will watch it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea of a very interesting, very dark, very twisted and beautiful movie.  This movie is a mystery that never is. The main characters are all very interesting and intriguing, especially the main character, "Boris," a very beautiful, quiet, very mysterious and very human-like young man. The movie is very suspenseful and it has a beautiful ending.  The acting is very good, especially from all the actors. The beautiful cinematography, the stunning atmosphere, and the beautiful story are very beautiful and it makes the whole movie great.  I don't think this movie will disappoint anyone. I hope everyone else finds this movie interesting and they don't miss it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Wooden Horse" is a short and very interesting film. It's a "B" story of a man who goes to his dream place, finds a friend and a great deal of events happen. It has a very old and simple story and the characters are very unique. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been a student of philosophy for 25 years. I read some of Plato's writings as a child, and I was moved by "The Republic" (as Plato is often represented by critics), so I was looking forward to the opening scene. I was stunned by the opening scenes, and was amazed at how they made it so brilliantly. But when I came to the end, I was amazed to see how beautiful and great this movie was.   The plot was fascinating and creative, the dialog was engaging, and the acting wonderful.  The cinematography masterfully handled the various styles and moods of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a HUGE Harry Potter fan since my age, I have seen this movie on several occasions, as an example. So I really am amazed that this is one of the masterpieces from the man who made the brilliant adaptations of "Hobgoblins" and "The Chamber Of Horrors". It is the best movie I have ever seen. I had to go and see it again! The whole movie is amazing. I love all the kids, I mean really all of them. It is so cool, and I love the animals. It was so beautifully done. The characters were so natural and very fun to watch. I laughed and I cried! It was an awesome movie, and you will probably do the same thing.  I would love to see this movie again, as I do with all my movies. It could be another one to watch with your friends, but don't miss it. I am sure you will enjoy it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie at least 5 times and am always surprised by the reactions to it. I do not see how I could ever dislike a movie so beautiful, and that is saying a lot.  I am so glad that the director did not take the same path as he did with his brilliant and moving "Hobgoblins", and instead made something beautiful and creative. I think this is great, and the special effects are amazing. I have never seen anything that amazing. This is a beautiful and unique movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of my favorite scenes is the opening scene, with the young lady being awakened by the strange sounds she hears. When the old lady approaches her, the young woman is frightened and falls to her bed, scared to death. The scene where the old woman is in the old man's room, scared, and slowly getting more and more scared is one of the best endings of a movie I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of two very different women who, after losing their father, decide to take an impromptu swim in the nude to the beach.  The film is very erotic, and features some great acting from the two leading ladies.  It is a great pity that the film was made at the end of the seventies because of the lack of high quality films in the eighties.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very enjoyable and uplifting movie. The only reason to watch this is for the cast. All are superb, especially the beautiful Madeleine Stowe, who was very good in this film. This is her first film, so we have to see how she goes from a young country girl to a seasoned veteran. The story is one of those you read in the paper. It has some serious problems with racism, which makes it an interesting film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is simple, but interesting and very well done. The script is simple and very creative, it's full of great humour and the performances are great, especially the lead performance by Jason London. The ending is brilliant and it will leave you totally satisfied. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this film. It is wonderful and touching, in a real way. The only thing that disappointed me was the film's length. It was very well done. The cinematography masterpieces are masterpieces. They move the camera beautifully and build a beautiful story of real people and real events. The acting is great and the cinematography great. I love it and I hope everyone else does as well. I'm a huge Ramones fan and this movie touched me so hard that it made me sad to see another one come up. I was mad happy to see that another one is coming up. It touched me again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young girl who comes to visit her estranged sister who is living in a mental institution with her grandmother is as real as it gets. The film's depiction of the treatment of the mentally ill as well as the treatment and treatment of psychiatric workers is powerfully portrayed by the young actress and director of the film, who portrays the mentally disabled as helpless victims of an over protective society.  The film opens with a scene of the elderly woman, with her cat and her dog, as she is sitting in the kitchen. The scene is a stark contrast to the scenes portrayed in the film later in the movie where the mentally handicapped man, with his wife, finds the cat and his dog sitting outside their home. They're just as normal as we are. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have noticed this film as late as the beginning of last year and I would have given it a 7 if I had been in the mood to watch it then. This film was beautifully shot and directed, and the plot and acting was excellent and engaging. The film is an excellent love story, but is not an ordinary romantic film. The characters were real and believable, the story believable and touching. It also was a great idea and showed how people from different cultures, especially the ones who make music and dance, can find meaning in everyday life. This movie also showed how the Japanese people, and other Asian people in America, are portrayed and treated by the American culture and are able to find meaning through this everyday experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the masterpieces of 2001 that I never saw again. It is one of those movies that you know how good it is because you have a friend or two who watched it with you. If you want to see a great movie, watch this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a classic. I can remember watching this as a kid in the early 70's. The kids were so intelligent that the story was very touching. The acting was great master work. And the story works beautifully. It is a very emotional movie. This movie is about the friendship of 3 young children. The whole movie is a tribute to the children of the 60's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had the great fortune to see this wonderful film on the opening night of the Sydney Gay and Mardi Gras Film Festival. This was one of those films you could take your kids to and watch at your own risk, or just look at and enjoy. In either case, you will be entertained by some great acting, including from the kids. It has some of the same humour as "Hoover Jack", but much of the humour is in the same way.  The main characters are the two main characters of the film, Jack and Sam, and you get to like them. It's a great feeling to see them both. It reminded me of a scene in the Australian movie "Tender Mercies" where the two characters were played by the same actor (a boy named Sam) and both played very similar roles. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's easy to say that this movie wasn't a masterpiece of any kind. The brilliant acting, wonderful beautiful scenery and brilliant beautiful scenery are magnificent. I love the idea of this movie because it's so different from other American movies, which are often, but not all, great and have more action and less drama. This movie is very good, if you like movies about WWII, you will love this one, because the story is very interesting, the acting is great and the music is great. It is so beautiful and well done, and it's not boring! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been a fan of The Black Cat since it was released. I first saw it when it came out in 1993, and even though I was in my early thirties at the time, I still found it rather disturbing and disturbing.  This is a very dark, brutal and depressing movie. It starts off promising, but gets brilliant beautiful and incredible beautiful as it goes along. I saw this at my local cinema when it was playing to packed houses and thought it was quite disturbing. It was disturbing and frightening. I was scared of it and didn't like it. I loved the opening scene and the beginning parts of the movie.  The plot was very good and detailed. It is not a movie that is filled with gore, gore and a lot of violence. It doesn't have all the gore and gore that I have come to love The BlackCat, and I think that people who don't like the movie will find it disturbing and shocking. It can be found disturbing and very disturbing. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good dark and dark thriller. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Bend It Like Beckham" (1980) is a great movie with a simple story. It has all the right elements: the great cast (Kirk Douglas, Denholm Elliott, Danny Aiello, Brian Dennehy, Robert Stack, David Nelson, Robert Dennehhy), the fantastic music, and the unique and somewhat corny plot. But it doesn't go all the great things that make the great movies of the 1960s. In fact, the story itself is pretty simple and straight to the point. The movie shows how a simple person can go from the big city to the big country. The story doesn't take a long time, and is great fun to watch. The plot is simple and realistic, with some great surprises throughout. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very interesting movie. A very funny and enjoyable movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of my favourite TV movies of all time,  The Grudge    I'd never seen such good acting before.   The plot revolves around a disgraced  - but  successful - detective who  investigates the death of a  family of  people  who were close friends with each other who were found guilty of murder  and were released from prison.  The film is based on the true story of the real   Detective  John  McCormick.  There are some shocking scenes and it is a  very disturbing and disturbing  story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I liked this film. The acting and the beautiful cinematography really captured my attention and made me feel like I'm always in love with every movie I watch, every movie, and this is no exception. I love all of the characters and I love the ending. And I love everything about this great movie, which is why I never heard of it before. It was released on VHS, and it was one of those movies that are so rare and hard to find on tape. This is a perfect example of how good the human spirit can be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of the film is interesting and is very well acted.  The movie is set in a small Chinese village. I am in the middle of a drought and there are no more trees or flowers to be seen. The rain is so heavy that sometimes I wonder if there will be a flood, if there is a drought, what will be the result.   The villagers are very happy and the people are kind. They have food, work, and time to themselves.  I think that the second part of this great movie is much better than the first one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is about a high school girl who falls in love with another girl during the school's dance recital and the two girls are led to their dreams by a third party.  The story focuses on a shy, quiet, sweet girl who is afraid of her dream and asks her friends, a psychiatrist and a psychologist for help. They all tell her to get a grip and accept that she will get what she dreams.   The plot is unique and a nice romantic ending. This movie is very well acted and a must see. 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on the late late night television program "The 700 Club" in July 2005, when it first aired. I had never heard of it, so I was shocked. I thought the movie was awesome. I was amazed by the beauty of the movie. It had beautiful cinematography and great acting. It was so beautiful that I could not stop smiling. It is the best movie I've ever seen. I really wanted to see it again after viewing it, and I can honestly say that it's the best I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very moving, suspenseful and sometimes heart-breaking story of two lonely lonely souls in the jungle. The movie follows the lives of one of the two lonely souls, a girl called Pang who is trying to make it big and is rescued by the other girl, who is also trying to get out of her jungle environment. Together they struggle for survival in the wild.   A great story, the acting is great and it is very believable, with the director doing a great job with the actors to ensure the film was well-made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Gigalmania" is a movie that should be viewed by a fan of cult action and cult cinema. The story is a fascinating one and the movie is quite entertaining. It's not very gory, but not very frightening, and it's not an action movie. It is a comedy and it has many of the hallmarks of cult movie. "Gunga Din" is one of those cult action movies. The plot is similar to cult classics. However, the film is not as dark as "Gundam" and "The Sixth Sense", nor is it as boring as "The Dead Zone". "Gligalmania", like "The Night Listener", is a fun cult movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the original one but i thought the re-broadcast version was better and more faithful to the original movie. The film is quite faithful to all it's parts and i think all the music in this movie is fine, as it has been done in a lot of different styles. If you like the original you will like the rebroadcast. If not, then i recommend the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story has a simple yet interesting story line that is not lost in the long running time. It is a very interesting story of a simple, yet noble man. A very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I found the movie funny, it was easy to take a quick look at, and I found it touching. The acting is great, the film is very funny, the script is great. The beautiful scenery, beautiful people, beautiful life, amazing music, great cinematography, great editing, great great direction, great performances, great special FX, great casting. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes great acting, great FX, or great directing. If you like great acting and great music, you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the Venice Festival in 2006. It was a very touching and funny movie. The acting was great, with some great performances by the main actors. The story was very interesting and original, and I personally think it has a lot of potential to be very touching. The movie was not completely original, but it was good. The characters were very unique and I think that the whole movie had good message in common. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie has been a long time coming to my mind, and it is finally time for a remake.  What I like about the film is that it doesn't fall into the traps of the bad old days of low budget Hollywood productions, and is actually faithful to the original movie.  The story is one of the best I've seen in a long, long time.    It isn't like a remake, but an update.  It is interesting that the remake is still in the script, while the movie itself is a good update. The movie doesn't go down the same path as the original, which I find confusing and a lot of hard to follow.  In my opinion this is a great achievement.  I think this movie has got a lot going for it, especially the performances. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the first movie that my girlfriend and I have ever seen together. This is a beautiful movie with beautiful cinematography and great acting. It has a very good plot and it is the only movie that I will recommend to anyone. I hope that more movies from this director will appear in the future.   The main theme is the evolution of life on earth and the relationships between animals and humans. The film is not against humans. It is against animals. It does not aim for the destruction of animals. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off I have to say that I am not a big fan of independent films. I enjoy films with an interesting story or characters, especially when it comes to the art of cinema, especially with a subject matter that isn't in the main stream of movies, but I really don't see why this is independent. In fact, I don't think that this is the master work of the man, and it certainly wasn't made by someone outside of himself, as far as I know.  I enjoyed the story of the young man in this film, and the ending was good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and silly anime, with a surprising plot. The plot is simple, with some clever jokes and a surprisingly good plot. This is made by the animation studio DreamWorks. I like this because it doesn't try to over embellish the animation. The graphics are awesome, and the animation is fun and creative. The songs are fun, and some of them are the best I have heard, including some of the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   As you've already guessed, this movie is a love story. I don't see why you would expect such a powerful story from a love-story movie. The only reason I gave this movie a 10 is because it is an animated movie, which has its own unique style. This movie is also a story. It has some great animation (for example, when you're in the bath and you see the reflection of the reflection in the mirror), but that's not all. It also has great music, and you can even hear the sounds of animals and birds (the sound track in particular is amazing). The animation is stunning, and the music is very melodious. I recommend this movie to anyone interested in love, or really anything, but this one is a great movie for those who enjoy animation. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a great adventure. I can't remember another movie with a good plot and great acting. This movie had great special effects and great special FX. It had good adventure and great fun. It was a good mix of genres and special effects. I enjoyed it, but don't take my word for it, this is one movie that will make you want to see more. I'd like to see the sequel to this wonderful movie. It would be a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful and romantic anime, that features music by Sho Yamamoto, a man who has proved that he has talent.  The opening is a bit slow, but after that it is beautifully crafted to suit the characters and the story. The story of a young woman wanting to become a magical girl, her journey of discovery and eventual growth is a simple one, but has depth.  There is also a very interesting conflict between the main characters.  As such, it is not a typical anime, and has the potential to be a great anime.  I highly recommend this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First, the story of a couple who get married in their small village are married for 20 years and live happily ever after, although they have a child together (an adopted child) they do not really like each other very much, but rather they just enjoy each other as they have no other, even though their marriage is very close to their first one.  The movie is very intense and contains scenes that are very disturbing and do not require special sound or photography. The acting is good and the special music and scenery superb, the music is pleasant, but it is not the best movie of its kind in the world, it is the wonderful movie that it should be.  This is a really nice and strange movie and a very good one for everyone, it contains an excellent story and great acting and special effects, the plot is interesting and you will like it. It is one of those movies that you can see for the story, you can watch it for the movie, you could enjoy it for its story and enjoy it just for the music and special effect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Stone Angel" is a film that mixes documentary and fiction in ways that are both compelling and creative. "The Stones" is the story of a woman (Cher) who seeks out to find her lost sister, played by Catherine Zeta Jones, and her interactions with various characters who are drawn into her life, including the woman's ex-husband (Gunnar Hansen), a painter (Lorenzo Lamas), a writer (Antonio Bava), a soldier (Roman Polanski), a minister (Bernard Blier), a man who becomes obsessed with the Stones (Eduardo Ciannelli), and a young woman (Kamal Kapur) who is drawn to the Stones. All of these people are shown in flashbacks as Cher, the Stones' caretaker, tells her story.  "Stone Angel" examines the lives of three main characters, but in the end, it is left with one question: What was the purpose of the film?  The film is also a look into Cher's life and thoughts, and reveals that she had been drawn to her life's path, which is ultimately revealed in the film's ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very atmospheric, romantic and romantic movie.  It stars the legendary actress, Jean Simmons, and the great actor, Joseph Wisbar. They are the only real reason to watch this movie, because this is one of the greatest romantic comedies I have ever seen.  I recommend it to anyone, and anyone with a romantic heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have never seen this show, you're not missing anything. I just taped it to my local television station and it was great. My favorite part was at the beginning when they are talking about "the other side" of things. I was moved to tears by this brilliant, creative, brilliant, wonderful, beautiful show.  If your are too smart to understand this show and you are too dumb to be moved by it, then I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm not a big movie person, but if I have to compare this movie to "Sudden Impact", I'd say it was more satisfying and exciting than "S.I.D."  The main story in "The Rock" is the chase of a drug kingpin by the police. The chase takes place in a Mexican village, which is guarded by the Mexican army, and there's a shootout, which also takes place. This was one of the great thrillers of the nineties, and the story builds nicely.  This movie was not that great, but it was fun and it kept my interest. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Vigil" is the best short film in the history of mankind. "Vivid" is a great horror movie with great acting and great cinematography. "The Raven" is also a great short film. "Gorilla" is not a great film, but it is the movie that i have seen to be the best.   "Dress to Kill" is another great short horror/thriller that i would like to recommend to my friends. "Dressed to Kill", "Vigils", "The Burning" and "The Deadly Grapes of Dr. Fu Manchu" are the most frightening and gory short horror movies.  "Gloria" is really creepy and a very creepy movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story of a woman who returns from a holiday to her childhood village and meets the old friend from her childhood, and the story of the two of them having a long, long vacation together.  I loved this movie and am glad to have seen it again. It is very romantic, very sweet and very sentimental. The movie is about the old ways of the village and how things have changed and are still changing. The actors, the story, and even the story itself, are about people's thoughts and feelings about the village they are leaving. I wish the story was all about them and not about the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I'm writing this review, I can't believe how wonderful this film is! I found this film to great in every aspect, and to great effect. I enjoyed the acting, the beautiful setting, and the beautiful music. I found the movie to interesting and beautiful in the beginning, and it was mesmerizing to me how all of the actors and the crew worked so well together to make this film great.  The best scenes are the ones that I have seen on TV or the internet, and I have been unable to find any of them anywhere else. They were just beautiful. I loved the first scene, and that is the best scene. The second scene, in which the family is on a boat and the family finds a way to sneak in a hidden camcorder, was amazing. It was also very frightening. I am glad that the director chose to keep this scene very brief, because there is not much more to the story than that!  The final scene, which is the most beautiful and frightening part of the movie, was very emotional, and at times I was crying because of the scene and the music. It took me a long time to realize what the movie was about. It is a very powerful ending, and a very emotional one.  I would recommend this film for everyone who wants to watch something beautiful, or for anyone who is bored and wants something simple and sweet. It's definitely not a waste of wonderful music.  8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved the first half of the movie, but I didn't like the movie as much as I did the second half. I liked the movie because it showed a very strong side of her and showed her reaction to her dad, and I also like the idea that she wasn't able to handle the situation.  I would have to say that I would give this movie a 10 out of 10. Excellent movie with good story and great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of those movies that is truly unique. It's got a great plot, great acting, great beautiful music and great great beautiful photography. It was beautifully photographed by the wonderful Paolo Rossi and was very well acted.  The story itself is unique in that it is based on the actual incident. The director does a great job, with some scenes, he really shows us what life would look like if everyone were to behave like that little girl. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the masterpieces of modern independent film. It's a very dark and very pessimistic picture of how the human spirit can be shaped and manipulated by external circumstances. It starts with the premise that this is the world of the young and the restless, that is, of a family living together in a completely foreign environment.  It's an emotionally charged story of how a father, a father of two, and his two young sons are all just waiting for a world that would provide them with a chance.  The viewer realizes that this story is not only about the family but about the young boy's situation and of the two young men's lack of a father figure in the environment of this foreign environment, and their own lack of the environment's positive influences.  This is one of the movies that the viewer should watch because of the emotional impact it has on the viewer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first half of the movie is great, but the beautiful scenes and great music in the second half makes this movie great.  The movie is in the classical Italian style, which means that there are no big words, but some beautiful shots, which makes the movie great, and the music is good.   If you liked "La Pianiste", you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie was an amazing masterpiece, and i really enjoyed it very much. The plot is a good one, the cinematography master brilliant, and the performances from the cast is brilliant.  It is nice to see an indie movie with good story, nice music, good directing, great cinematography and great cinematographic style. This is a very good indie movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was an excellent, poignant and touching film. I really felt for the young women who were forced to go through the experience of a lifetime. I did not understand the "life" of these young women. I felt for them and their families and their friends.  The film does not glorify women as they were all beautiful and liberated women. They were just normal human beings with normal lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First off, the movie has one of the masterpieces in the history of Hollywood, "The Great Santini," starring Marlon Brando and Robert Culpatti, in which Brando's character is accused of murder.  Here, Brando plays the role of a detective in the case, who is aided by Brando as his superior, the Italian police officer who investigates the case and the Italian newspaper reporter who is working on the case as an intern.  The story itself is interesting and not at all fake, and while there are several obvious goofs in the movie, it is still not a typical murder mystery movie. There is not a lot of gore, but there are lots of intriguing things to say, but nothing more. The movie is smart and has a nice plot and some great performances from the actors. Brando is awesome as always, and Culpati is a fine actor as the Italian cop. The film is a little hard to find, and it's a fun watch, especially if you're a die hard Culpato fan, but it will be hard to say no to it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a rule, i'm not much of a big movie buff, but i like seeing a good story and i like the actors in it and the director, so this movie caught my eye and i was amazed how perfect it was. It had great story, fantastic acting, great direction and brilliant music. A great movie and i would love to buy it. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a story of a man, a family, and his journey of finding himself. It was interesting to see what this movie could look like.  I was very impressed with how great this movie is. I really enjoyed the characters and the interaction of each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film of Peter Weller's trilogy was The Island of Dr. Moreau.   The second was The Invisible Man, which followed the life of the eccentric scientist Albert Von Stern.  The third was the final two stories of Dr Moreau, The Island and The Invisible man.  Weller brings his best to the story. Weller shows how Albert Von H. (Weller) and his son, Dr. E. H. Stern (Jill HADER) were both forced to deal with illness and death.  And how they made a living through illness and the death of their mother and sister? Weller is a strong character actor and he has the emotional power to bring tears to many eyes.  This film is very well done. The story is interesting and the actors are believable. I would recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The beginning was great but i have to say that it was great and i love it. I've seen it at least once and i will keep checking it out.  I think that the movie was master beautifully. The acting masterfully brilliant. The beautiful cinematography beautiful. The great music wonderfully chosen. The stunning cinematography beautifully beautiful. i've seen every movie and this is the best movie i've ever seen. I love it, i'll always love it 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of this film was simply amazing. I have seen all of the previous 5 episodes, and I am astonished. The next 3 episodes I have watched were brilliant. The last 2 were simply wonderful masterpieces. This is a real good movie. A very good story with good actors and good acting. This movie is a brilliant masterpiece. I like the acting in this movie very much. I think this is the best movie I have ever seen. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes watching a good story and to those who enjoy the first 3 episodes. This will give you a very good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great movie is so good, so true, that it was voted by the critics at the 2001 Palm Springs International Film Festival. The story focuses on three young actresses: Alyssa, Aimee, and Floriane. The director does a great job of showing the beauty of the story in a realistic way. I think the story is touching and it will make you feel what the women have on their mind. A film is never about a person's life, but about the relationship between the main character and the one he has with his family, friends, and his love ones. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first scene you see a beautiful Fall shots of trees and the wild life. There are some beautiful Fall scenes as well.  This film is a classic.  It is a low budget film, which means that you don't have to spend much money on it, just great great stunning beauty.  The film is shot in beautiful Fall colors and the cinematography beautifully captures the mood of the scene. The camera moves smoothly and smoothly, with stunning shots and great shots.   The cast are wonderful, and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the performances. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film to watch. It contains a very intense story, beautiful cinematography and great performances. The music is catchy and the whole time i was amazed at the music and how it fit in the film. i think it is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is in the main a great update of the classic Neil Simon story, which in itself is very powerful, and this movie in a nutshell is not a remake, but a tribute to Simon's masterpiece.  The plot is very touching, with good acting, good direction and great acting. It has an excellent ending which could very well be a classic, and the direction is a masterful work.   The film is not an action movie, but has some action, and some very impressive explosions. The ending has some of the same kind of scenes as "Titanic", but this is still a film about a powerful person, and he gets to play his character in a way that he has never played before.  This is an interesting film, that is, a story about a man that has become lost in a space race with the same sort of people that are in "Titania", that are still trying to figure out what happens, but are at the same time trying to survive on land, as well as trying to escape the clutches of the evil alien race. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not every day that I come across a movie that has such wonderful great acting. In the beginning the movie was brilliant and great, and it surprised me, the first time I saw it. I was amazed by the fantastic performance of the two leads. And it's great to see the great chemistry between the three main characters, which made the movie great to watch. I recommend it to anyone who likes a good story, great cinematography and great directing.  10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the wonderful film that follows a young woman on her journey to find her place in the world, as she searches for her dreams and makes a home for herself in a small town. Her life is one of constant peril as she tries to find fulfillment, and her only constant is to find someone that understands and understands her. She tries to make the right decisions, to put on a brave face, to be true to herself, to let her dreams take over. And she must face her subconscious thoughts in the mirror as she sees what she has become.  I would have to say that I've seen all of the "Twelve Monkeys" films and this is one I'd love to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first of two of three films starring Dukakis and directed by Errol Flynn, was very funny, and the third was a bit of a bromp.  The third film, The Silverbears, was a little too slow.  I love the first two, and The Silver Bears is a nice change of pace and a bit too serious.   The other two films were okay. The story is a bit serious. But the acting is great fun and the humour is good.  It's really a decent B-movie with a good script, good script and good humour. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer" is a fantastic, but short film about the mysterious life of the mysterious man in the woods. Pfeiffser plays an old man who is haunted by the appearance of his dead sister who has returned from the dead. The film covers the events of Desmond's life with great detail and then is a wonderful, if disturbing, documentary. The performances range from good to mediocre. PFEiffer is a masterful performance as Desmond's friend and he is very good as his sister. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second collaboration of the director, Pabst, and the director of "Dog Days" (2002). The story is about a girl and her friend, but the main character is not dog. She is a girl from Scotland who is being forced to stay in the village for two years. She has to go with her dog and a litter of puppies, and live there in fear of the village bully. During the two years, she meets several animals and becomes friends with them. Later, she starts to live in a village with her dogs. During her stay in a home for her puppies, she finds out that the village is being bullied by another dog and her own dog. After this, she returns to her home and becomes a true dog lover. This is her first film, but there are more to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing that kept me from enjoying this movie was the excellent acting performances from all involved. The wonderful and talented David Schwimmer took a different look at the troubled world of war-torn Africa in this movie. He portrays a very different character and a very African one at that. His portrayal of the African tribes is one of the most accurate portrayals of Africa in the last century.   It was an incredible and inspiring journey that David Schwimm took on. He made a trip from Cape Town, South Africa to Dawson, British Columbia in May of 2000, accompanied by his agent and a doctor. He traveled by canoe through the Pacific Northwest, arriving in Dawson in May 2000. He stayed there for three days, then rode on horseback to Dawson. He rode horses, walked barefoot through the streets, and climbed steep and narrow mountain paths. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this when I was 16 years old, it still haunts me now. It had my heart pounding with anticipation. The acting was superb and great performances by all the actors. I loved the way they took their time to show their emotions. I also enjoyed the fantastic soundtrack.  Overall I thought the movie was wonderful wonderful beautiful and I would recommend it to anyone. I enjoyed the scenes with all the children and their mother, that I could. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was just a great film for me, my fiancé (who also co-wrote and directed the film) and myself, and it was a nice one. The story has a very interesting beginning and I think it is very close to the true story, the director is very good and I like the idea of the story being a true story and this movie shows how the real story can be made. This is not a film to make a comment on the story, which is interesting and touching and I hope everyone will enjoy it. I have to say though, I don't think this film will win any awards, but if you liked the first one, I guess you will like this one as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love all the movies and am always looking for something new, but I really appreciate a good story.  The first of all, this movie never tries to be cheesy or cheesy, but just beautifully shows how to build suspense and keep you interested in this film.  This movie has a great cast.   The story is simple and realistic, with some great performances, great dialog, beautiful settings, and great directing.  It also has a nice feel to it, especially when you consider the characters, especially the characters that are put in to this movie, they are all so realistic and believable, which also makes this movie more believable and interesting.  One of my favorite movies is called "Hundstage" (the Swedish title means "Hildstage"). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie was excellent and i enjoyed it very much, and i would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   First, let me say that this is not just a movie for kids, as most movie for that matter. This is a movie about the two main characters, their interactions and their emotions towards each other. This movie is a mix of drama, humor, romance and drama all at the same time. If you are a real person and want to see a movie like this one, don't hesitate to watch this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title implies, this film is a love story between two 17-24 year old women in the "small" village of Kajoei, Hanoi Province. One day the young ladies are lured to a remote cabin and taken into the house of their housekeeper, Pang. They are guarded by four armed villagers and the film follows the lives of the four as they try to survive and become acquainted with each other.  The acting is superb, with excellent direction and great performances by the actors. The direction is great, the camera is superb and captures the mood of the people in the village. The beautiful scenery and the beautiful people are stunning.  I highly recommend this film to anyone seeking a real story, or simply a fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed by the performance of Rain Man's best actor, Rain Man himself. He's amazing and always a pleasure to watch. This is a very well made film, it has a great storyline and some great performances. It also has some great cinematography and editing. I've never seen anything like it before. Rain Man is probably one of the best films ever. It's full of action, explosions and suspense. I have to say that this is one of my all time favorite films.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you are a die hard Star Wars fan and want to experience the special effects and cinematography like those of the Jedi series then you will enjoy this movie. The special effects are amazing. Cinematography master works beautifully the special effect. I especially liked the move where the first battle scene is in the dark and then the next scene is on the moon and all is light and shades of grey. The end of the movie is amazing. A great concept and nice movie in my opinion. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this film with my four year old daughter. We were very happy with it. It was not pretentious and I don't think that it is an action film. The movie shows that people are sick and lonely and need love.  I am sorry to say that it was so much fun for me and my daughter. This is a movie that is very hard to find. I am glad that people do not realize that they should not take the movie too seriously. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been waiting for this film to arrive on DVD for a couple of years now, since I was a teenager, and finally found it online on the IMDb site, so it's a surprise! But my expectations were high! I was amazed at the beauty of this film, with a great cast and brilliant special effects, and I am always amazed at how great the film was. It's still stunning, and the acting is fantastic. I've always been a huge Neil Gaiman fan, and this is a wonderful piece of work.  I really don't care what people say, and think that the book is great, and there is great special effects (although this is one of the best I've ever seen) but I don't see any of the "new" Neil Gist characters, and never heard of them. But the story is so beautiful, and although I can't imagine anyone being able to enjoy this film in the way that I did, I'll try to enjoy it as much as possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dress To Kill" was a wonderful, if not cheesy, action/drama film. It was one of those movies that were fun and entertaining. The movie is a little too simplistic for my tastes, with great dialog and great special effects. It has the classic "action movie" feel, with tons of great dialog, action, and a fun plot.  The plot is simple, with a lot of great surprises, including some great surprises. I found the plot very creative, which is something that I don't find in many action movies. I guess it's just my personal preference, and that's why it is a 10, not because of the acting, which was fine, but also because of a good plot. But the movie is fun, but very entertaining. Also, the soundtrack is awesome, with lots of great tunes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very fun movie. The only problem is that it's not that great. I have seen it many times and I think it's still the best I've ever seen. The main characters are very interesting, and the special effects are amazing. I especially like the music, and I hope that the soundtrack will be used for the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had seen this movie on the Mplex channel and it blew me away. It's a very well made, beautifully done and touching movie that will take you through life and your struggles. I was heartbroken at the ending when the movie came to an end and that's what it should be all the time. The actors are very believable and so are the other characters. I just wish that the movie stayed with the story. The ending was perfect. It was very beautiful and poignant. I recommend this movie to anyone. I wish the ending stayed with me forever. I can't wait to see this movie again. I hope that the other movies on the channel have the same ending as this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the masterpieces of the 20th century, and I am still trying to understand why it was so loved.    I would love to be able to buy a copy of it, but this seems very unlikely. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best TV movies of all time. The plot is really simple, the cast great, and the story great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to say that this is the masterful film. It certainly isn't the masterpiece I've seen of James O. Steiner, who directed this beautifully crafted piece of cinematic genius. It's the perfect companion piece to his other masterpiece, "The Man In The Moon", which also stars Steiner. Steinem's performance is as haunting as his other works.  The man in the moon is indeed an old man with a heart of stone, but I believe this man has left a mark on the earth, and that's why we're all afraid of him.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you haven't seen the movie yet, check it out. I watched it first on my old TV in 1993, and I've been hooked ever since. I've even got friends to watch it and get me a case of beer to go with them. But, this is the beauty of a movie. Perfect, stunning, and the song, "Boeing" by Pat Boone, was a great choice for the opening. And, the ending is stunning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I liked this movie and I thought that it was very fitting. I loved how it reflected some of the things that I like in the world. I don't know if the movie is meant to make people laugh or make them feel bad about something.  The acting was wonderful wonderful great great master piece. I enjoyed the interaction of the two main characters, who were very engaging. I also enjoyed the various plot lines that were presented in the movie. I think that this movie also helped me to realize that there are so many different types of people in the different parts of the world, and it is hard for them to feel that they have any kind of common bond with each other. I thought it was a very well made movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Kabah" is one of the best war movies ever. It is based on the true story of the people who were part of a special forces regiment in the Vietnam War. The soldiers were trained to kill people, not to heal them, but to kill. It was a sad war. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only film that I liked was 'Tender Merciless' but it is a great example of the genre - the kind that doesn't fall short of its good name. I have always been a fan of the films of John Carpenter and found the latter films very entertaining but this one is great, especially in the opening scenes. It is reminiscent of Carpenter's earlier work and it is also reminiscent of the movie 'The Thing' (the latter has its faults).  The characters are all unique and unlike some of Carpenter and company's films, the direction is inventive and the whole is very well made. All in all I would definitely recommend it to anyone interested in a sci-fi horror film, especially fans of the original 'The Exorcist' series, which is also great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film for all. It is quite dark, not too much of a fantasy, but not as much as I would have liked. It had some good acting, and I felt it was quite creepy, and not a bit fake like many of the horror movies, I have seen. I don't really like horror movies much, but this one definitely made me feel scared. I would recommend it to anyone, and try to scare yourself as much you can! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film that mixes documentary and fiction in a way that makes it entertaining. The footage in this film is from a time before World War II, and is therefore somewhat different from what we have today. The sound is a bit different, the locations are different, but the story is also very interesting.   This movie also has a few other features, and these do not spoil the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when it came out as a "Twelve Monkeys" special feature in a film magazine. It's quite true that the original movie had much more substance and depth to it and that the film had to be re-made for the "twelve monkeys" to fit into that mold. This movie was much more fun and enjoyable. I enjoyed the fact that the story line was not a very original one but that it was more of a "feel-good-feeling-good" story line. I did like the fact there was no big-name actors involved in the movie but they were well chosen and I liked the fact the story was so great that it made the viewer feel like they were actually there with the "guinea pigs" all along. I would recommend this movie to any fan of animals or science fiction and anyone wanting to experience a different type of movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a good thriller with good action and suspense. I've seen the movie about ten times and still I can't get used to it. I liked the first half of the movie a lot more than the movie itself. The ending alone is worth watching.  The movie is pretty good. The movie takes a look at the relationship of a cop and his girlfriend, which makes you feel like they have a bond, and the relationship is based on the fact that they are on the same page. The acting is good, and also the action.  Overall, it has a very good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Short History of Nearly Everything" is a must see! It was made with great special effects, beautiful costumes and great use of music. This movie is a true treat! I recommend it to any person with a sense of humor! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not often that one comes across a film which has such brilliant insights into the nature of the human spirit, as it is here.  In a world where people are so materialistic that they're willing to embrace change, let alone embrace new ideas, the film opens with a great idea and so explores the possibility of such a radical change.  The film takes a very philosophical stance, yet at the end it leaves you with the same feeling: a radical vision.  What the film does do is bring out the absurd elements in the human experience, so that we can see that people don't always know what they want, they just have different ideas about life.  But the film is far from preaching, it simply shows how people are caught in the middle of a materialistic world, in which change can never be accepted, and that's the power of the film.  This is a powerful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "Criminally Insane" is a great film and was made for a few bucks, but was wonderfully enjoyable and made for people who love to see and appreciate good movies, and people who don't enjoy the genre. The story focuses on a family of mad scientist's trying to survive in a bizarre city, they use unusual drugs and enjoy their drug experience. They're surrounded by strange and fascinating characters, but a good director and good cinematography and great film-making. The movie's unique and well-acted, and was interesting from the first. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the only reason I give this movie a 7.4 rating. I liked it and wanted to give it the highest rating. So I watched it beautifully and found the wonderful movie to be beautiful and wonderful. It's a very powerful movie and will shock you!  I have seen it many times and will continue to watch and enjoy.  It's not a perfect movie. I like it because of the fact that the acting was great and the direction brilliant. It really shocks you! A good film that should be watched many times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a good story that can only be told by those who have lived it. It is a powerful story about the struggles of the human spirit.   I saw this movie at the Atlanta Film Festival and I was very impressed.  The acting was amazing and very believable. I think it was very well done, especially the young actor who played the role of a young man.  I am so glad that this movie was able to capture so many people. The people in this movie have gone through so many life altering events that it made me feel that they were real people. It made me realize that they are not a bunch of caricatures. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know why it is so rare to find movies that are so masterpieces.  I like this movie because it shows that there is still hope and that miracles do happen.  A story of young people facing major problems, but having the strength to pull it together, that miracles are possible.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this show, it has so many funny scenes, I even like the way the show is filmed. I especially like the music and the songs, they fit perfectly with the movie.  Also I like the fact that the main character is not black, which is so sad. I mean it is sad that they made such brilliant character, so i personally was very happy.  This show is so funny and it is also very sad, I would recommend this to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am one of the few people who saw the original movie and I thought it was great. But I am not one to say so, since I am from New York. I did like the ending and thought it had some dramatic power to it.  I have been searching for this movie for more than 3 years and still haven't found it anywhere. I have searched through every single movie and book about this movie and haven't seen anything like this brilliant film. The only thing that I could find on IMDb that was even close to this brilliant masterpiece was a movie about the "Maniac" and I have to say, I have seen all the movie about that subject. But the great thing about the movie was, it was made in New York and the characters are all from New Yorkers or New Yorkers who live in New Jersey. It made me feel like I was actually there. The scenes where the two main characters are talking and have a great conversation about something in the past were so realistic and so real. They were not talking about something that happened in the present or some other place in the world. It was a conversation that they had many years ago and this movie makes it so real to them that it made me believe that they actually have something to say about what they have lived and are going through.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films that really makes you feel for the characters and for the director/writer, although there is a tremendous amount of genius in this film, the film still manages to make the viewer feel something for them. This is the story of a family who have lost their father in the plane crash, so they must make a trip to the moon to get their loved one, the only survivor. It is an impossible task.  This movie has many great scenes, so the plot is still a mystery and I guess you just have to take what is given to you, and hope that you don't lose any of your precious time with great acting from a brilliant cast. The movie is a must see for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I remember seeing this movie for the first time on TV when I was about 7 years old. The acting was superb, and the story brilliant. I was so amazed to see how beautiful the two main characters were. They had such beautiful voices and beautiful faces that I thought my eyes were going to come open. It was one of the great movies ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first episode of this show I saw a trailer for this show. It showed that there are many great stories out there and I am glad that there is one for this one. I love how this show shows the friendship and teamwork of the characters and how they were able to find the other side of themselves. It also showed that many things that we take for granted are actually wrong and that this show could have been a great show if there were more episodes.  This show is a good show that I would recommend to anyone. The trailer for the next show will be released soon so watch for that. I hope that there will be a reunion show for all the cast of this wonderful show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   One of the masterpieces of the first half of the 20th century. It was the story of a former soldier and a girl in a small French village who became good friends through their mutual love. In this film the young girl, Marie, becomes a sort of "Bondage of the Damned" and the old soldier, Jean Louis, becomes her father. This film is a bit like that one from "Somewhere In Time". In both cases the movie was a bit longer and more of a fantasy approach.  One might argue that the film's focus on war and religion made it a bit boring.  In my opinion this is not so. It's the great war and the great sacrifice made by Marie that gives this film great meaning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that this movie is a must see for anyone. It is great comedy with good laughs. A good movie with good acting and great story to tell. The best part of the movie is the dancing of the frogs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you've seen "The Man With Red Eyes", you know the movie is one of the masterpieces of the genre. "The Last Wave" is also a masterpiece, but "The River's Edge" is a masterpiece in its own right. The story follows the life of two men who have fallen in love with one another after the death of a woman they never met. The film's pace is fast and the film's direction masterfully captures the mood of the moment, from the moment when they are in their early 20s to the time of their death.  The story itself is very dramatic, with the two characters struggling to find the strength to move on with their lives. They live in a completely different world from the one they live in.  "The river's edge" is very intense. The actors do their best, and you can even see the river's reflections in their eyes. It seems that the river is rushing, so they are forced to live and live for it, while the river itself is rushing.  This movie is an absolutely beautiful piece of work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Mother" is one of the masterpieces of the genre that has never been made. I first saw "The mother" as a teenager. I've been obsessed with the series ever since. I was always a huge fan of the mother and was never happy with any of the other films of the time. "TheMother" is a rare gem. A great storyline, that I wish to see all of the "Mother" movies, in all different periods and situations. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only movie that I've seen in the last 2 years that I know is more of a drama, than a comedy, is "Hundstage" from the Director Lars van Trier and "The Pianist" by Ernst Lubitsch. So far this year, they've made 5 movies and "Hud" was their best. In my opinion, "Hodet Over Vannet" is the perfect movie for any movie buff or film student. It's easy to understand why "Hudd" was so popular at the box office in 2006. It was a very nice and charming film that doesn't demand too much thought from the viewer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is set in the year 1895, when a very wealthy American family invites their guests for tea at their mansion on their private island in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.  The island, however, is home to a mysterious, half-sister of the family, whose dark past haunts the island. The half-witted woman seeks the family's help to overcome her nightmares, and in the process, she comes to an interesting, disturbing revelation about her family and herself.  It's a strange film that doesn't try to be gruesome, gruesome or disturbing in the traditional sense, and offers a disturbing view of the dark side of life.   As a horror film, the story is disturbing, dark and disturbing in many parts. The cinematography is beautiful, the sound is haunting, and the characters are all fully rounded out with a chilling sincerity.  As for the acting, all of the actors have delivered a stellar performance, and I was particularly impressed by the performances of each actor.  My favorite line from the movie: "This is a dark night..." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was one of the masterpieces of the 20th century.   There are few pictures of the world as it was in that era.  In the beginning of the movie, a great depression hits. People are starving, there are no breads, and people take to the streets.  People then have to fend for themselves.  This is a story of hardship, of desperation, of alcoholism, of death and disease, and all of the other problems that people are so desperate for.  The movie is about how these people are not able to take care of themselves. The movie makes a strong point: it is not enough to be depressed, nor sick and sick.  If you think about it, the person who has to be the hero is someone with a good upbringing, good family, and a good life. The person who comes through in the end has nothing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the 70's and it still haunts me today. The actors, the music, the cinematography, the settings, and the settings in this film are stunning. It is one of those masterpieces that are made for the audience, that they don't know what they are seeing.  A man finds a beautiful place, and rents it out. The man brings in a family and a girl. They live there together, and all of a sudden, he and his wife start fighting, and his daughter falls for his wife, and they break up. Then, the man invites his daughter's friends over for a sleepover. He wants them to have a good time together, so he invites his wife over and has sex with his daughter.  The movie is about the couple in their thirties, who meet again after the man dies and he finds a place he can use his old apartment. They find out that they need to break up because he has moved out.  Now, they live in a new neighborhood with new neighbors. They need a place of their own. They want a place where they will be safe.  There are some great scenes in this movie, but they are hard to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful piece of work! This is the kind of film that you would expect from a first-time director, who has spent years honing his craft and learning his craft. It is a true classic, and I am sure that many would compare this to the work of Peter B. O'Toole.    I don't know what this film is about, but I enjoyed it very much, and would recommend it to anyone interested in great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is in my opinion the master piece of film making in all it's simplicity. It is a great story with beautiful cinematography and great direction. I think that this is one of the masterpieces of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of the film was very intriguing and interesting.I really liked the concept of the little girl who becomes a soldier's girlfriend only to find out that she needs her life to be taken care of by the army.I think it is a very touching story that will have many people looking for a copy.I only hope that they find it on DVD! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a teenager, I went to see the movie "Rise" (the remake of "Rift") and it was the first time I've seen the kind of magic that I could only achieve with "Rulers" and "The Dark Crystal". The film was wonderful, it was enchanting, and it gave me hope. "Rescue" is very similar to the movie, and although I'm not a big fan of "the old school", I enjoyed "Rishonoi's Castle" as it was quite similar.  I wish the original version stayed in theaters, because that was a fun one. "The King and I" is an interesting tale and while the movie has a lot of flaws, I still think the movie is a fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was an enjoyable little movie with good visuals and the music of "Hollywood" as rendered by Bryan Adams and Bryan Adams. It also had a great plot and although the pace was slowed down, the story was interesting and not boring.   The actors did a good job of portraying the typical Hollywood movie characters, not that there aren't many Hollywood movies with this kind of plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on Showtime a couple of years back, I think, and I was kind of scared that I wasn't going to get the beautiful film it was promised. So I thought, well, I'd give it a try. It's an excellent and beautiful piece of work. The actors are great, the camera beautiful, and the story, well it's interesting, it's very interesting, and yes, it is a bit preachy. The special effects and settings are great as well, but the beauty is in the acting and the beautiful setting. All the beautiful shots in the movie are beautifully shot and you really feel the atmosphere, the atmosphere. The setting is very dark and the whole movie is very atmospheric. The movie is not all that dark, but it is very well shot and the light is great. The whole movie gives you the feeling that there is an evil, dark and malevolent force that can sometimes make everything better. The cast is good, but they don't get much time to come to their full power. I haven't seen the characters in the film, but I'd like to.  My favorite scene is the scene where they are sitting in a cave and talking to the old guy in the cave. You see all these long drawn out conversations with no time to speak. I've seen that scene before, and that scene is one of those long drawn-out scenes with no chance to say something.  I love dark and gritty movies, but this one is great in every aspect. It is so gripping, dark, and yet still not a bad movie. I just hope that this movie will get to that point soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie "Buck" is one of the masterpieces from director Robert Ginty. In fact, he masterpieces a lot. The story is simple, with good humour and good action sequences. Gintey shows that he can create a very diverse story with great visual effects and make a believable film.   The acting in the movie is pretty good, with all the cast including: Robert G. Thompson, Donald Sutherland, George Hilton, J.P. McCarthy and others. G.I.T. has to be mentioned as one of Ginties favourite actors, he really doesn't do much of anything.  The plot is simple and good. The beginning is very interesting, as the characters are introduced. And it has some surprising humour. The movie keeps a good pace and has a good storyline. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of an ex-cop turned bounty hunter, his best friend who is a hit-man turned pacifist turned pacifists. But this movie doesn't fall short of its own unique style and flavour. It is, and I think, one of the masterpieces of the early 1960's.  This is a good but extremely brutal and sad movie. Its sad and brutal portrayal of the Vietnam war is a sad reminder of a world gone wrong.  The main scene (the one in which the main character is shot and falls to the ground) is the most brutal and distressing. A well-aimed shot and a well-deserved end. The last scenes, however, are not too brutal.    I give this film an overall score of 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was amazing! I thought it was awesome and wonderful. It has some great music and it was great entertainment. I would love to have seen it again. The acting was great and I enjoyed every minute of it. The plot was great. It was beautiful. It is so good and great and great. The movie is great and very touching and I have seen this movie many times and every time I watch it, I feel like it gets better and better. This is a movie that has a great cast of great actors and great music. I recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing I can remember about this film was the scene where a beautiful blue-eyed girl walks into the house of her dead mother and asks her to take a bath with her. Mother opens the closet door, the blue-eyes daughter comes in, she smiles, and the mother tells her daughter that she is dead.  Mother's great acting performance is one of the great performances of the silent film. Her magnificent, natural beauty is the best part of the movie. Her beauty and natural beauty were mesmerizing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first 10 minutes of the movie, the plot is very interesting. A very old man is the first to greet the guests. A woman wants to know about his life. He's not married and he lives alone, in a small village. But he's still in love with his neighbor.   The movie develops in a natural way. The story is very good and the performances are good. The plot is good and so are the performances.  A great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie and would recommend it to anyone. I don't have much time for an introduction to the story, but it is a good one to watch for the story.  The best movie I have ever seen. I am going to see it again this weekend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very original and touching film that explores the emotional scars that can be left in the psyche of an autistic person.  The lead performance is by award winning actress, Jennifer Ehle (Liv Tyler) and her scenes with autistic children are heartbreaking, sometimes sad.  This film is one of the masterpieces in the history of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie opens with the sound of a siren and then it is eerie and terrifying. Then the audience is let go by the beauty of the movie. The beautiful soundtrack has haunting melodies, beautiful cinematography and a great soundtrack with haunting vocals. The acting is amazing especially from the cast who gives stunning performances especially from Gere and Busy Phillips who make a terrifying story together. The haunting music by Jerry Goldsmith is haunting and haunting.  This is a powerful movie that you don't know. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   In the final scene, a young and beautiful girl is at the beach in a beautiful setting, where she sees a man in the water. She has his hand on his head, and her thoughts of him are lost. Her mother comes to the beach, and invites him in to play a game. He declines, and a game begins.  The game is not very exciting. In fact, I think the best game I have ever seen was "Bubba Ho-Tep", played in 1948 by the actor who played the title role in "Tyson", in which a man bets a horse that it will win a race. This game is more exciting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very original and romantic comedy about a man (Danny Glover) and his interactions with his girlfriend (Emily Warfield) are the basis of the movie.  The actors are good in the roles of Danny Glover and Emily Warfield. They make the movie believable and work well together, which is a good sign.  Overall, I think the movie is quite charming. It isn't a love story, it's a story about friendship and how a man can only have a true relationship with a woman. I have seen the movie a lot and have seen it many times. I think this movie is very romantic, very emotional and very much a work of art.   I don't know if Danny Glover ever gets to direct another movie. I don'nt think he has ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't have much to say about this film. It is one of those masterpieces that you've seen that is truly unique and memorable, something you don't get that often. It's a pretty good story of a former coalminer and his life, which is pretty much the same thing as the other masterpieces I've seen from this director, which were far more serious and entertaining.  The story is based on real events in the coal mines, the environment, and the workers' lives.  It is really good to see how one man, a coalminers' union member, can end up in jail after taking on a very dangerous, albeit illegal, role in the mines.  I was kind of annoyed that this was the perfect movie, but I still enjoyed it, but not as much as I expected. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is unlike most mainstream films, and not only is it interesting, with it's well thought out plot, and well-cast performances. The acting is great and the great performances by the main players are great, but the beautiful cinematography masterfully captured the essence of this story in beautiful cinematographic sequences.  The only thing I can compare this movie to are my own childhood nightmares and insomnia, which caused me to question whether or not I was dreaming. This movie proves the power of dreams to be powerful and frightening, and also shows that sleep is not just a dream. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great example of a movie. It shows the power of words to change the whole nature of the story. It also shows the effect of words on the brain. Words can give rise to emotions that we don't want to feel.  The movie opens with the typical story of a small town, which is in dire need of help.  Then the viewer gets to see the effects of the words "help" and "hurt" in different ways. The effects are so powerful that they overwhelm the other effects of words and the movie is masterful.  If you want to watch a great movie, this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Maniac" is a wonderfully twisted horror film that is very short and very well made. The script is very interesting and the direction is masterfully suspenseful. The beautiful cinematography in this film is quite stunning and it contains some fantastic gore scenes and plenty of surprises. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First, let me say that I haven't seen the original, and I am surprised to see it's been a while since I haven;t seen it at all, but am very surprised at the quality of the film, and the excellent performances by the lead actors. The story of a woman's search for her missing brother has been played out in great detail over the years, and so far it has been a pretty good film, though I'm not a big fan of films based on this premise, I enjoy seeing some original and creative films, and am always happy to see them, especially if they have a decent script.  I have seen the film twice, but the story has not changed, which is surprising given the time. The film seems to be the same as the first one, though, with similar plot lines, with the same character names, and similar situations, with very similar results. It also has a lot of emotional impact. It's hard to take your eyes away from the screen when this is being made.   I also like the idea of the'monster hunter' - the man who saves the day, or is he just a hero and hunter who comes in and saves the world?   Overall, this is a good film for those who are bored of mindless action-flick action-adventure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie as a child back in the early 1970's and I was so impressed with the acting, camera settings and photography, that I gave it such great praise. In the middle of the film, the beautiful scenery of Wales was captured and I can still recall the awe of that momentous beauty. It is a film, it isn't a film. It doesn't glorify the Welsh heritage or history. It shows a real appreciation of the very real and historic aspect of the history of the island of Wales.  I would like to see more from the producers and perhaps they can realise that there is a need to make this into a bigger film. The whole thing is wonderful and inspiring and I would recommend anyone interested in this subject to watch this magnificent movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the perfect movie. It was beautifully photographed, and it had great acting and great writing. It is an action packed and exciting movie. I watched it with my friends, and we were very impressed by the pace and the fighting scenes. The story was good, but the fights were very short and fast. It had good special effects and realistic effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have to say, after seeing this movie, I can't take it any more seriously. I loved it. I saw it again this afternoon, and I plan to see it again. I would love to see the whole movie. The acting is brilliant, and the cinematography masterfully crafted. I highly recommend it to anyone. Enjoy it, and tell your friends about it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It has been said many times that this movie should have made the list for the highest rating. This is definitely not one of the masterpieces from the director of 'Papillon Rouge' or the creator of 'The Piano Tuner'. It is a masterpiece in every way. It also has a very interesting subject. What makes this movie so great is the way it presents and examines a subject that many people would like to have explored. The movie is not just about the pianists, but about the composer of the music and the subject matter of the movie.  A very intriguing and original story with a very good soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that should be watched many times. The director, Errol Flynn, did a masterful job bringing out the very essence of war, especially the terrible effect of chemical weapons. I enjoyed every minute of it.  This was a film for the serious movie buff, not for kids, but also for people who hate war, like me. The story is very interesting, and the movie keeps moving along at a fast pace, and at the end, it's quite realistic.    It's not all about the war, but the aftermath of it, and that is what this film is all about. The acting is good, the music great, the camera amazing, and I also enjoyed the way the characters are all portrayed, not caricatures, but real people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a short, sweet and sweet story, as told by the one and only Michael Cooney. He portrays a former boxer, turned teacher and former world champion who has now made a comeback from a long hospitalization due to his involvement with his friend's brother and the local newspaper.  This short, touching movie has a lot of action and an ending you'll never forget.   It was directed by Richard Fleischer who did some great movies in his time and this is one of his best. This movie is a bit like his film, "Cinema Paradis", which is a very similar movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a very good and original plot. I liked it because it was very original. The best of all was the acting of the three main characters. The characters are believable and it is very funny. The story is very good. It is full of adventure and good old fashioned fun. If you like a good spoof of a good story and not a movie that can be watched many times and still be fun, you will love this movie. If I have to recommend this movie, I would say that you could watch it many times in order to get bored and have fun. It has a good cast of actors and they are good actors. The ending is great. The movie is not over the top, nor not cheesy, so there are no big surprises. I give this movie a 7 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been quite a while since I last saw it, and the plot is something to watch for if you have not seen it yet. It's very intense, but there are a few things I didn't like about it. The ending is quite emotional, and has an emotional impact, but it was a very powerful one. It made me sad that this was a true story, and gave me hope that maybe this will one day come true.  The acting in the movie is great, and it's very believable. I especially enjoyed the acting of the actors. It is very believable, and they all did a great job, even though I feel their voices could have been different. The acting is very natural and beautiful. I don't think that this movie is as good as The Butterfly effect, it's more realistic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very great. Very beautifully filmed and great acting all round. A great soundtrack with great special effects. Great story, great music and great fun.  I was surprised with this movie. I had never seen such good acting. The whole movie is great. The special effects are amazing. The story is very touching. It's not cheesy, but very believable and I think this is one of the masterpieces.  Definitely worth a watch, I'm surprised how well it can be. I'm a huge Megazone fan and i thought this movie was awesome and a great movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a wonderful story with a surprising twist at the end. It is an adaptation of a great stage play. It could also be a very good movie if you are interested in Shakespeare.  I found this film to be a great visual pleasure, with nice lighting, and interesting costumes. I don't know how it was filmed, but it is beautiful, and I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the master story of "The Black Cat" written by one of the great African American painters. The story of a Black family in 18th century Louisiana is full of surprises and surprises. The actors did a great job and the film shows some beautiful African American scenes. The acting is very impressive and the script is very beautiful. The film is an excellent documentary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true story about the life of a former boxer and his journey to become a world champion.   A great story to tell in a time when there are so many boxing movies, but this one is special.  This is a great flick. It was not so much of a waste of brilliant work, beautiful music, great acting, great special FX, great sports movies, great great music, masterfully created and beautifully filmed.  It's not as bad as The Man With The Golden arm. It's a great movie.  I'm surprised that people have compared this movie to the great one, The Man with the Golden arm, because the two have so many great things in common.  The man in the movie, Robert F. Kennedy, is a true hero. He was a true politician. He wasn't a great actor. He has a true story, and he has a great life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this film and think it is quite underrated. In the end, I give it a 9/10 and say that I would have given it a 7.8. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very enjoyable, original and very clever movie, and this is the one that I've seen from the director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I watched this film, I was amazed. It was beautifully written and directed, but the acting, beautiful music, beautiful cinematography, stunning images, brilliant music, great performances from the different actors. The beautiful scenery was breathtakingly beautiful. The breathtaking colors and beautiful landscapes made the film great. The stunning music and beautiful cinemas made this film unforgettable.  I saw it in my hometown in Turkey, and I'm sure many people would agree that this is not the best film of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most romantic comedies I have ever seen in a long time, but it's one of the funniest comedies ever. The plot is one of those you would expect from a comedy movie, and the acting is fine, but the beautiful cinematography is amazing. The great thing about this movie is that the last part is a brilliant piece of art. The whole movie is beautifully done, and I highly recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't see this as a very serious film, but I think it is a very funny and touching film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film about eleven years ago when I was just a kid and I remember having such great fun watching it. It was so good, that when my parents got home and saw it, they were so amazed. My favorite song from the whole movie was "Hilarious." And my mom was so sweet, and had such great acting, that she was great in every scene. My brother and I were so fascinated, we had a great time watching this. My parents gave it to us when we got home from the movie. We watched it with our parents and they were amazed that we were still watching it when we had no idea what we were seeing.  It is one of those movies, you know. There is no explanation for it. A great story, great acting and great great fun. And I enjoyed every second of it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a good film. It had a good story and it was entertaining. It is a very hard film to take and I have seen it many times and it never gets old.  The film was great and it really surprised me that people were offended by it. I have heard many people say it was offensive. It was not.  My wife and I are so happy. I think this film is good. I hope everyone sees it.  I think people are so used to seeing this film and they should be reminded that it is not for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked "Maniac", you will love this movie. It is one of the masterpieces of all time. It was written by the great Indian poet, Rabindranath Tagore, who had an idea of creating a movie for his beloved country. "Shabnam", which is the title of the movie, is a simple story about a family living in the traditional village. It shows the struggles of the family members, and the interplay of tradition and modern life in the old village. This is the movie that is most important in Indian history.  The acting is superb. The story is touching and the cast is excellent. The songs are melodious and the dances are beautiful.  This is a movie that shows that Indian people are not only a bunch of hick folk who love to dance, they are also ordinary folk who are not afraid of any kind of sacrifice, or even who want to dance. This movie is for those who are curious, and is not only for children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember the day my parents bought me a ticket to the show from my grandmother. The show started out great. I thought my parents was wonderful. I was in awe of the show because I didn't know what it was, what my parents were talking about and how great it was. It was so natural and beautiful. I would watch it every week and after I was finished it was still on. I'm so glad my parents did it because they saw it when they were kids and they loved it and they had a hard time adjusting to their parents. I wonder why it was so important to the grandparents and the other actors to be on this show and why did they do it? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the excellent movie for me. The story of the first part is more or less what you expect from the book. The only other good point I can see about this movie is the acting and the beautiful cinematography. The beautiful scenery in the film was breathtaking and i was amazed with all the emotion it put out. The actors all did a great job. The whole movie was great. I really loved it and the story is one of my favorites. It also reminded me of a scene from "The Tenant". This movie also reminded the scene in "The Twelve Monkeys" and the scene from the beginning of "My favourite Martian". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of this movie, which I borrowed from a friend, is something similar to that of "The Tenant." The tenant (who can never return home) is in need of help with his life, and asks his neighbor, the landlord, for help in finding the tenant. He discovers that he is being pursued by two neighbors, both of whom have become suspicious that the tenant is actually the tenant in a mysterious apartment building, and have set up a website to help find out.   When the tenant starts seeing things he shouldn't see, he starts seeing strange things in his apartment, including a man in his bathroom with a strange mane, a dog with a large, black tail, a man with a white eyebrows, and a bird with a red beak and red beady nose.  This is the story of the tenacious neighbor and the mysterious neighbor. The viewer can never feel what the neighbor is experiencing because the movie is about him, his thoughts, his fears, his anxieties, his hopes, and his dreams. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing that could have saved this masterful gem of a film was the superb screenplay and masterful performances from all four stars. This masterpiece of a cinematic masterpiece, "Cantin" is, well, simply great. The cinematography masterpieces from the legendary director, Antonioni, use an artistic style that was inspired by the Italian avant-garde, and the plot masterpieces like "La Sanguinusa" and "La Caimano del Grande Valli" utilize creative cinematography to make stunning works of art, and use some brilliant camera work to make the film even more stunning. The music, although very simple and unpretentious, is superb, and it is the main theme of the film. The direction is brilliant, and each character, even the minor characters, brilliantly interacts with their environment. The stunning cinematography is breathtaking. The costumes beautifully enhance each characters individuality. The beautiful landscapes look incredible, and they provide a beautiful sense of nature. The magnificent shots used in this film are truly beautiful. A must-see for fans of this great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not going to say much about the plot of this movie but it is a beautiful, uplifting story of two young people who, after their experiences, decide to find their own path to happiness. This story is not just about a love story between two people. It's about a path to the unknown, an unknown place where the human spirit and spirit of youth can take over. This is a story that has something to do with a small town and the idea of an uncharted future. The acting is strong, the script master master great, and the direction brilliant. A great film. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, although I knew that I would have trouble sleeping after watching, was one of my favorite movies of all time. The best scene was at the beginning, when the movie was first opening, when it is standing still in the dark, and I could not hear my mom's voice, but I could still see her. Also, I liked the fact that the movie did not look like a documentary, and that there was not much music in the movie. Overall, great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie, and it is the first film of Gerard Phillipe and Pascal Duquenne. The actors are very good, and there are good scenes and good performances. I am glad that this movie was made, because I am interested in seeing more of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not about a real battle of good versus evil, but is about teamwork and loyalty. The film is well made and it is not over the top, but it is very entertaining. The cast is strong, with some great performances from the likes of Peter Falk, Tim Roth, David Hasselhoff, Robert Downey Jr, Danny Glover and the aforementioned Hasselhof. The movie is very well made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love movies. They are very entertaining and very fun to watch. It seems that the original story is very powerful and can be used to create a story for any person. However, the movie is still very scary. A lot of things were very interesting and could have been used to scare people. It is still scary when you are scared of something. But, that is very scary! It was also very frightening when I was scared of the unknown! It wasn't very scary at all! This movie is very creepy! 10/10!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The best part of the movie is the magnificent scene where the old lady is sitting in the rocking chair and the two great-looking servants come to her assistance.  The scene has a wonderfully naive tone but it isn't overdone or overblown. The characters are detailed and wonderfully nuanced. The director, Joseph Losey, keeps the movie moving at a fast pace, so the story moves efficiently and the characters are always believable and the ending is surprising. The direction works on the characters' motivations and feelings, but the end result is surprising and beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only problem I have with this movie is the plot, wonderful intric beauty and great acting. In the end I feel it was a great film, but I also think it could have taken much, much better. I give this movie perfect 10/5. Excellent workmanship, stunning cinematography masterwork, great great beautiful photography, stunning beautiful music, stunning magnificent great acting and great great beauty. I've seen beautiful cinematography, beautiful beauty, amazing music and stunning beautiful cinematographic music. I feel like this is a great work. This movie will not be missed. 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked the movie very much, but it was too long and too long to be perfect. The plot was great, it was beautiful, the cinematography masterfully captured the mood and emotions of the movie and the story beautifully conveyed it to the audience.  I also like the scene where the narrator says, "This is not a movie, this is a life." This reminds me of the moment in my life where I realized how fleeting life was.  The scene where all the members of the family are sitting around a large wooden table in the living room is a wonderful moment. The actors are excellent and the audience is drawn in. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is an indie-classic, which can be defined as a genre of films that are neither straight, nor not as well-made as some of the films made in the early 70's. The actors are great, and I believe that this movie is one of them. It's quite rare for a film to move from a mainstream film to a cult classic, so if you look at "The Last Wave" you will notice that most of the time the actors are from the mainstream, while the genre is from the underground. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are looking for a great, romantic comedy this is it. This is one of those movies that you don't have to look for, you don´t have to find it, you just have amazing masterpieces that you can watch when you want to. It´s a romantic comedy, not a movie that is made with a plot and a big idea. And the best thing is that you will never ask yourself again: how could you have chosen a different movie for Valentine?  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a bit different from the original.  The plot is very original and well thought, and the script is great.  I really enjoyed this movie, and i think everyone else should as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting masterfully conveys a moody, yet sinister message about an ancient civilization and its relation to the modern world. The ancient, dark images and scenes of violence are hauntingly contrasted with the modern day, but this is the kind of movie that makes you question whether or not we are just living in the same world as they are.   The plot is very good, and the pacing is brisk and often confused. It's hard not to feel that this movie is a masterpiece, and some scenes like the one in the hospital are genuinely disturbing.  The film is about a female doctor (Vivienne Bambas) and her husband, a lawyer (Werner Mehrhoff). Together they are a pair of equals, and they do their best to heal their patients in spite of their lack of financial resources. They work together to bring back the ancient order, and what the ancient civilization is called, is the "Law of the Underworld". In this way the doctor and the lawyer are both criminals, and in the end are both dead, but the old order dies out.  It is also very disturbing to watch the movie for the performances of the two actors. Mehrhof's character is very creepy and frightening, and Bambos' is a creepy, and scary character. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great, fast paced, well thought out and acted film. The story is simple, with the main characters being the four sisters. Each one has great special effects and a great script.  The cinematography is masterful, great use of light and texture, and great use also of the angles and perspectives.  I love this film, and recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only movie that has come out of the WGA/Cinemax Code has made me as happy as I was by this beautiful and fascinating documentary. The story of the relationship of an Asian mother and her son has been told many times before, and it doesn't add any new perspectives. The fact that this is an Asian movie makes it unique.   I watched this with my 16 year old son who enjoyed it and he has since said that he would like to watch it again, but my husband who is a big movie buff, would rather watch some other Asian movie.  I have watched this film many times and he is still talking about it to others as we try to understand what the mother is trying to achieve. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a mother that nurses and a father that takes care of his disabled wife. The mother nurses and is visited by a spirit. The spirit then gives the mother a vision. The vision is that the Mother Mary (Moe Saldana) is coming to help her. The Mother Mary is the nurse and the spirit is the angel that gives her a vision of the Mother. The angel then gives her another vision of Mary. This is the third vision. This one is the last vision.  The Mother comes to the Mother and gives her vision. Mary then tells her that she has been chosen to help the mother who has been nursing. Mary and the angel tell her that their time has come.  Mary and a spirit that dwells with her give her another look.   The final vision of God is shown. Mary tells her, "I have chosen a life of service to God, who will give me help in the end."  The angel tells her again, "Your time is not yet here. I will visit you."  Mary says, "Why?"  The Angel says, and again Mary says "Why is it that I can't help me now?"  Mary gets up and walks out of the room and goes to a window and a door and then another door and a window. Mary walks out and a second angel tells Mary the same thing.  This movie has great acting and great special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an enjoyable and beautiful documentary of the first ever public screening of a movie from the famed director of Citizen Kane, John Howard. This is the story of two elderly women, Grace (Virginia Mayo) and Clara (Virginia O'Brien) and their interactions over two days, and how they meet. They find themselves in the museum of the National Lampoon and the stories they tell to each other are some of the most poignant stories in the world.  This documentary has been widely distributed and it can be found in most libraries. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie and I thought it was a great film. It was very well directed and showed a good story. I thought the ending was very moving.  The movie is very emotional and shows the relationship of the mother and son in a positive way. The mother, who has a bad relationship with her son and wants him to get a good life, has to choose between her lifestyle and his life. The film shows the mother in her situation and the choice she has to make. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As much as it is a movie, this movie has many great quotes from the master of all quotes. I can't remember any of them, I am sure. I don't think I have seen any of the others, so I am unsure.  So, I'll start with the quote that has stuck out to me for years now:  "This is a good film..."    Well, actually, it is one of the masterpieces of the movie. The lines are masterfully written, but I really enjoyed them.  I also noticed that the main characters in the movie had the same names as the ones in the book, which added to the confusion. I guess that is a nod to the book and the director liked the same idea.  It is a great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed the first two films in this series, but the last was the best. The opening scene in "Hobgoblins" is one of the best scenes in the history of the American film.  But the movie really works. "Hundstage" has a good story and great acting. The music is good, the costumes great, and the songs great.  This is a movie for the whole family. It's a lot of fun. 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to watch films with a very high concept like this one, then watch this and you will get a movie very close to the real world.  This movie is not a perfect movie, the story is very interesting and it is very disturbing. It is a disturbing film with disturbing scenes and a chilling soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second of two great reviews of this movie and the second time I've seen it. My wife and I are huge fans of Robert De Niro and enjoy his movies, but this one is special. It's a fine, but over-the-top, award-winning performance. The film is a real treat. I have to keep saying that I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this show, the way it made you feel for the characters. It had a very hard time watching and even though I was a little disappointed, i wanted more. I wish the show stayed on this original path, I hope there will be a sequel soon.   This show has many funny moments and I really do like the idea of having a show where every episode is a stand-up and you can't go wrong with the jokes. I don't know why the show was cancelled, I am not familiar with it but I have to assume because of the great reviews. I would love to know why. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a lot of fun watching this film, but I've always been a big movie fan.  But now, after reading some of the other comments on this site, I agree with all of them! The story is good, and the acting masterfully captures the feelings of the viewer.  The music, cinematography, and editing perfectly compliment the story. The best scene in this film is the one where the characters are walking, when a large group of people start singing a hymn together. It's the most emotional and uplifting song I've ever heard.  I haven't seen the DVD of this movie, but it does seem like a very good movie, with the same theme. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little over the top, and with a little help of the imagination I can easily say that this is one of my favorite films, and I was not disappointed.  The opening scene (the one with the cat) is a magnificent scene. But as the story develops, and as I continue to see how each of the other characters reacts to this change, and how they deal with what is happening in the world, I started to enjoy the film, and was amazed by how well it held up. The ending is a powerful and shocking conclusion to the story. 
